4	M&Ms for life. Make sure you take a variety of colors home (especially those pastels) before your Vegas vacation ends. I prefer a mix of Greens and Purples.
5	I love M&M's.  Plain, peanut, almond, yellow, green, red - whatever.  I love 'em all!  And M & M World is PERFECT for people like me.  Four floors of M & M candies and merchandise!   And forget the elevator!  Take the escalator to every floor, building the anticipation of what the M&M folks will think of next.  Okay, so the merchandise can be a bit overpriced, but hey, it's a free tourist attraction - what do you expect?  And my vote for the most adorable merchandise?  Hands down, the M & M Star Wars Collection!  Yup - the whole M & M gang decked out in Darth, Leia, Yoda costumes and more.  Another cute, albeit short, highlight was the M & M walking tour.  Well... it's not really a tour.  It's more of a small, decorated hallway that walks you through the process of becoming an m & m, from the molding to the coloring to the polishing, sprinkled with some fun surprises in between.  Good, clean, kid-friendly fun.But the greatest highlight of all... colored M & M's!  I know, I know, they're already colored.  But I'm talking about purple, black, white, teal, every color galore M & M's.  It makes for a great Vegas souvenir, and you can mix and match to your liking.  Amusingly, on my last visit there, we witnessed a green waterfall of M & M's from a faulty dispenser.  M & M's everywhere, kid's yelping (no pun intended!), workers scrambling, and adults laughing at the rare sight.  You couldn't help but watch, be astounded, and love the world of M & M's.
3	Who doesn't like M&Ms or Red and Yellow? Good place for tourists and I have to believe that this place is generating a fair portion of the company's revenue. I've seen people walking down the strip with 4-5 bright yellow shopping bags each!
4	Who doesn't love M&M's? I always stop by here when I am in town to get my cute souvenirs. I love the green M&M!
5	We should live like the M&M people.  They accept M&M's from all colors: brown, blue, teal, light purple, green.  You name it, the M&M world does not discriminate.  But yes, the M&M world is amazing.  I don't think anyone could walk out that store without a yellow bag in their hand.  The place has everything imaginable.  They have magnets, keychains, shirts, socks, plush toys, dishes, Christmas stockings and tons more!  You can find anything in that store.  What I love about this place is the floor with the movie and mini ride.  Well, not exactly a ride, but there's a part where they show how the M&M's are made with a tunnel.   The floor of the tunnel rocks back and forth and you feel like your one of the M&M's being made.Anyways, go to the M&M world and you will not be disappointed.
3	Im not into paying that much for a cup just because it has a red m&m pic on it, sorry, but it is a must see store of the strip IMO.. it has 4 floors of ALL M&M, and on 1 floor theres even a mini attraction (go see)
3	I went from 4 to 3 to 4 but back to 3 stars. It was so encredibly packed that I really didnt hit every floor. Not sure how many levels it was but the 3rd was where I maxed out. Very over priced. I couldnt even get to where u can get m&m's in any color you want. The cashiers are in a weird spot, where it causes major traffic jams inside the store. ho hum
3	Wow, anything and everything m & m related, you can get it here.  Although $9 for a pound of multi colored m & m's is a bit ridiculous, I couldn't help trekking over here in blistering heat to get some ugly colored m & m's for my peanut m & m loving friend.
3	M&M's make friends!!!  We had a great time at this tourist trap.  Their little "M&M factory tour" is cute and the movie was cute as well. A good way to get out of the heat for a little whiel for some mindless fun. Other reviewers are right $9 is a little rediculous for a pound bag of multi colored M&M's, but it was fun filling up the bag and eating them, so my wallet is $9 lighter, and probably will be again next time we head to Vegas.
3	The mini-attraction is a rip-off of "Honey I Shrunk the Audience" ... it's entertaining for the kids, but pretty cheesy on the whole. The M&M memorabilia in the store is cutesy kitsch, and browsing around here is a good break from the heat as you're walking down the strip.If you're going to hit this place, Coke World is definitely another destination for you to hit while in Vegas.
3	Not the most exciting part of the trip but still fun... we were in Vegas...sure why not??? How can you not love the candy that melts in your mouth but no in your hands? M&Ms por vida guey!
4	It goes up and up and up. You'd never guess that there could be so many colors of m&ms, but there are! The prices go up and up and up too! It's such a tourist trap. However I'd much rather leave Vegas with a bag full of  puke colored m&ms, that I personalized no less, than empty pockets and a gambling habit.
4	Got a favorite color?  Is it completely obscure?  Don't worry - M&M World will still have M&Ms in your favorite color!The wall of M&Ms is one of the most impressive and drool-worthy things I have seen.  I had to go with the specialty Pirates of the Caribbean white chocolate Ms when I was there because white chocolate = god.  The rest of the store is pretty impressive.  They basically have every household item you could ever want with M&Ms on them.  If you are a die-hard M&Ms lover, this is definitely the place for you to get your fix.  However, even if you aren't a huge fan, you can still have fun in this store.  I love M&Ms, but I certainly have no interest in M&Ms collectibles and I still have a great time.  I actually got a cute shirt that portrays the Ms as characters from Pirates of the Caribbean.  I get complimented on it a lot.  Normally I don't wear that kind of thing, but this spoke to me.  And I spoke back.Anyway...at this point I am rambling, eh?  But you really should check this place out - it's a lot of fun.
2	If I were in charge of an M&M store on the strip, I would have:- free samples!- life-size huggable M&Ms- a demonstration of M&Ms melting in your mouth, not your hand, even in the Vegas desert - hot chicks and dudes clad only in M&Ms- a glamourous bar/lounge featuring candy-colored cocktails and novelty beer with M&Ms floating in it- a Cirque du Soleil show where the acrobats only wear M&Ms- high stakes poker with the life-size huggable M&Ms as dealers- strippersBut someone else is in charge of the M&M store on the Strip, and so it doesn't have any of those things. Instead it has:- four floors of stuff that says M&Ms on it for sale- a cheesy 3-D movie- a (probably cheesy) tour I didn't go on- NO FREE SAMPLESI guess that's probably more in line with the M&M brand than strippers, booze, and gambling, but then I don't really understand what they're doing on the strip. Whatever.
5	Anything and everything M&M's you can possibly think of, right in the middle of the Strip.  This "museum" is split into four stories, each one with something different to offer.  Just like what they offer at Jelly Belly Factory stores, the second floor offers you a chance to make your own bag of M&M's in any of the 20-something colors they carry, though you'll obviously be paying a premium to do so.  There are also all sorts of amusing M&M's dispensers, as well as various articles of clothing and other souvenirs.  On the third story is a 3-D theater, in which you can watch a 20-minute long movie, which varies by season.  And yes, it's free.If you don't care to shell out a lot of money, you can always use their "Make a souvenir penny" machines, a different one of which is on each floor.  Don't miss out on this cool tourist stop!
4	I should probably make it known that I'm not super crazy about M&Ms in general, but I can appreciate places like this for those who are fanatics of this chocolate candy.  As a general tourist attraction in Las Vegas that isn't a casino, bar, or strip club, this place is spacious and certainly worth checking out.  Its colorful collection of M&M memorabilia surpasses the location in New York and is built in a way where its more noticeable than the giant plasmas bits of Times Square.  You'll find that its very soccer mom central here, with little children who are happy like they're in a candy version of Toys R Us.  Its times like those when we can throw our adult tastes out of the window and partake in the magic with them by perhaps purchasing a uber expensive sack of color specific M&Ms.  Of the few family fun places in Sin City, this is easily one of the best.
3	The M&M Store is just something you have to do when you visit Vegas. It does have overpriced candy and it is incredibly cheesy but it is an experience. My kids and I enjoyed the 3D movie and I really enjoyed that it was FREE!!! Take a walk through the store and you are bound to buy something, I did pretty good taking my 4 and 7 year old in the store and only spending $12 in there ($6 of which was a gift for the hubby!) My highlight was the purses made out of wrappers!
3	one word YUM!  i love this place, and the M & M color wall is crazy.my only problems1. The people who work, act like they don't. They have their blinders up, but i can understand why because....2. The place is a fucking mad house! Crazy tourist looking for the ugliest thing they can get there dirty little hands on!3. 49 bucks for kids pj's really?I say stick to the rainbow wall of M&M's in every possible color. There yummy, Don't waste your money on the other crap.
5	This place was like a huge toy land.  Everything you can possibly imagine in the world of M&M.  I've been to the New York one and this is just as good.  Tons of stuff for everyone from clothes, nic-naks and of course M&M's.
4	I heart M&M's!!!! Wow, what an interesting place. I had no idea so much M&M merchandise was available. But, I should've known. This is America after all and we'll market and purchase anything and everything, right. Especially when we are tourists!I was able to resist pretty much everything in the 3 or 4 floors of this shop. I have no idea how they could fill that much space with merchandise emblazoned with M&M craziness but they can. The only thing I could not resist were the little darlings themselves in all of their colorful, chocolaty goodness. The wall o' M&M's! Way overpriced ($9 a pound), but heck it's Vegas! I bought some anyway in lots of fun colors that don't come in the packages in the stores. Yes, they still tasted exactly the same. But, they were really, really pretty! It's a girl thing.
5	How can you give this colorful, happy land anything BUT five stars?? you people must have been deprived of this chocolatey goodness as a child.I don't care how crappy of a mood you're in, whether it's from gambling all your money away, the stuffyass weather, or eating too much at the buffets, this place is guaranteed to up your mood. Everything is so happy dappy, and I still think it's super cool that you can make your own bag of m&ms from all the assorted rainbow colors against the wall... colors that they don't sell in the stores too!! Sure, that crap's expensive, but divulge a little!! Chocolate always makes the world better :) Any apparel you can possibly think of is sold here with the m&m logo, along with pretty much anything you can think of in general. They also have a cute 3-D show that kids get a real kick out of.
4	Three floors of M&M fun!  You can find anything here that has to do with M&Ms.  From pens to gigantic pencils to lunch boxes to glasses to magnets to shirts to mugs to even pajamas!  However, I am still waiting for the M&M Blackberry.  Also, believe it or not, they even sell M&M candies here!  Not like a bag or 2 of different flavors, but more like a whole wall!  You can make your own combination of colors.  However, unfortunately for us almond and peanut butter M&M-loving individuals, they only sell the plain and some peanut M&Ms in different colors.  They also have a little section of limited edition M&Ms that were different, but good.  I tried the Orange, Cherry, and Vanilla one's and they were good!If I ever need something to bring back for someone, I will almost always stop here.  I usually just park at the MGM and walk thru the casino.  I figure that's the easiest way.  But watch out for that little walkway in between the hotel and the strip.  There's always something stinky going on over there!
4	Whenever there's nothing left to do in vegas....M&Ms WORLD! Sadly because I am underage and cannot gamble or hit the clubs, I go here instead. Its always fun to come and check out their merchandise and take pictures like tourists. Theres always crowds in here and if you're lucky and they're playing those special M&M movies while youre there, watch it! I guess it gets boring sometimes because I go here so much and nothing really changes, but oh well! Giant M&M dispenser on the wall!!
5	I'm giving this place five stars and I don't even like the taste of M&M.  M&M World is near if not on the top of my must-visit-when-in-Vegas list.  The reason being - I do not approve of gambling (or any other get-rich-quick money-making schemes), clubs are not open until 10.30 (and do not get crowded until 12) and Vegas is not renowned for shopping (despite their claims of otherwise).  That does not leave me with that many options for daytime activities.  As long as you don't get sucked into buying overpriced Made-in-China plastic toys and personalized coffee mugs and stickers, you'll enjoy the M&M World experience.  The entire four-storey store is brightly colored - by the time I get to the second floor I was overwhelmed by the cute green / yellow / red / orange colors - It sure gives a new meaning to the term 'eye-candy'.  Good for kids and everyone else with Peter Pan syndrome.  Present company included.
5	For anything you can ever imagine M&M this is the place. I mean it is called M&M World and it is indeed that. Socks, hats, shot glasses among other things, oh yea and M&M candy! I went here for gifts for a friends birthday and was more than happy with the vast selection to choose from. The service was good and for anyone truly into M&M stuff this is your heaven...Enjoy!
3	This place is such an amazing world to come and visit!!!when you are out burning in the summer heat on the strip, stop by m & m world and go and visit the wonderful colorful factory that they have and see all of the amazing new things that they have there. fun little gifts from key chains, coffee mugs, to a whole entire wall of colored m & m's makes the wonderful chocolate world a wonderland!!!!
1	I've passed this place a dozen times then one day, armed with a nasty yearning for some sweets, my girlfriend and I went on in. To our amazement, finding actual candy in this store was harder than finding Waldo in a picture....with no Waldo! There are a few scattered racks of your general Hershey fare but not much else. There is a wide variety of M&Ms but no matter how many colors it comes in, its still the same candy! The little fun house walking tour inside is a little amusing, until you realize that you have to turn around and walk back through oncoming foot traffic to get back out. Thank goodness there were elevators at the top floor which allowed me to bypass the escalators on the way down. After being to the Hershey's store in Hershey, PA (after the factory tour) I left this Vegas spot feeling disappointed, misled, and down right cheated. It did kill my craving for chocolate though.
4	What's worst than eating a huge bag of peanut M&M's by yourself is perhaps going to this fun store on the Las Vegas strip. It's like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory with nothing but M&M candies and merchandise everywhere! I never realized how many different colors of M&M's you can actually have...yes the simple things do amaze me. Well worth a stop if you're visiting Sin City.
4	Pretty cool place, but hella crowded. I was wondering if some of the employees were paid in candy-coated chocolate morsels because they were grumpy, but the inner kid in me didn't let that get me down. Place smelled a little funky cuz of stinky kids and sweaty adults, but it didn't phase me too much. Minus one star for not having Crispy M&M's anymore.
4	Great store. I didn't know M&Ms had so many things to look at and buy. I spent about $30 PURELY on M&Ms themselves.. THIRTY DOLLARS ON CHOCOLATE?! Yeah...but it was for my family - the special colors, types, etc. They have a new snicker bar out in honor of the new Indiana Jones movie. It's snickers w/ coconut... LOL... not sure if I'll try that. I even got to take pictures w/ the blue and green M&M...
5	They have lots of M&Ms here.  That's five stars just based on that.....and different colors too that you dont see in your usual M&M's candy
3	The novelty is fun, but it can wear off quickly.  If you're easily amused like I am, you may enjoy M&M World.  Even if it's just awe at the sheer number of products that can be branded with cartoon candies.The best part is the wall of M&Ms, all kinds of colors and flavors.....teal, chartreuse, fuschia, peach, peanut butter, dark chocolate, giant shrek M&Ms....whatever combination your twisted heart could desire. Not bad for snacking on the drive back to LA after a debauched weekend in Vegas.
4	I'm a major M&M addict so this place was a ton of fun for me! We took the kids and spent two hours in this place! We all had a blast and walked away with some fun stuff. I was actually suprised by how reasonable the prices were on most of the merchandise. I was expecting major mark ups. The only thing that was ridiculously overpriced was the M&Ms you get yourself. There is an entire wall of M&Ms  that you can dispense yourself and it cost $10.99/lb. That is crazy considering it is maybe $3 something a pound at a regular grocery store but I always use coupons and catch sales so I never pay more than $2 for a bag of M&Ms. However, I do admit to letting the kids get a pound at that crazy $10.99 price. It isn't something we'll do again but it was a fun, one time, novelty. The cherry flavored M&Ms were new to me and sooo delicious! We also enjoyed the movie. It was cute and not too long.
4	I always spend a lot of money when I visit this store in Las Vegas.  It's 3-4 stories high and each floor is a treat.  They dedicated one wall with tubes full of multicolored m&m's.  They have interesting little rooms - some with stories about each M&M character & one walk-through room showing how M&Ms were made.Recently, they came out with some M&M Premiums (5 flavors - Mocha, Mint, Triple, Raspberry, and Almond).  Not only are these delicious, but they're beautifully colored.The only thing that bothers me is how crowded they always are, but I guess that's expected!
4	Chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate.What else do I have to say?Such a cute place to take your kids (if you have any) or just for kids at heart (like me!) You can find an M&M any color imaginable here. Don't go overboard though... try to restrain yourself from buying that pound of M&Ms.
4	I enjoyed my visit here. It's probably more of a kid's place, but it made me remember the kid in me. I was especially fond of the M&M tunnel!
3	One giant tacky tourist trap full of over priced candy.Count me in.The place is tacky and over the top...but you are in Vegas...99.9999% of the stuff here is tacky and over the top.So go...waste more of your hard earned money on the strip...but this time you at least get some chocolate out of the deal.
3	It is completely unjustifiable to charge $12 a pound for M&M's, but where else can you get all 22 colors of M&Ms? Be cheap like me and only let a small amount of the 22 color mix into the bag-- you'll get all 22 colors and will cost you a lot less. They also sell M&Ms Premium, which are OK but way overpriced at $4 a box.  If you have kids, check out the 3D movie on the 3rd floor. The kids will like it and you will like it because it is free! Unless you are obsessed with M&Ms and want to buy M&M t-shirts, mugs, clothes, dishware, etc., there really isn't much else to do here.
5	I love M & M's and since this place was right next door to my hotel I had to pay a visit. It was everything I dreamed of and more. They have every M & M color imaginable, but they don't come cheap. Still it's well worth it. I mean I was vacationing so a pound of M & M's was still cheaper than anything else I was purchasing. I was worried that I would be the only adult in this M & M fantasy world, but I was pleasantly surprised that I was not. Adults and children could both be found gazing at the glorious chocolate candies. I swear I spent two hours in here. They have like four floors so I was easily intrigued. I even had my picture taken with the blue M & M. I wanted to eat him. :)
3	I genuinely enjoy a peanut M & M now and again, but I don't get this store.  Who, what why??
3	Lovers of M&M's unite here.I was fascinated by the outside of this place, it was HUGE. Not to mention there are three stories of candies and merchandise inside. While it is true that actual M&M's are a bit pricey per pound, you also get the experience of every color and flavor. It was nice and just fun to look at. I bought myself a tiny bag of m&ms for 10 buck and took pictures inside like i was in an M&M Museum.Its family friendly here and just a fun experience to visit the M&M's.
5	M&M's, a little piece of chocolate heaven that melts in your mouth, not in your hand. M&M's World is a chocolate lover's dream. 3 stories of M&M this that and whatever else your inner M&M fanatic could dream up. If you're lucky, you'll catch one of the M&M's live and in person!
1	This place was insultingly overpriced even at tourist trap and novelty standards.  If you are in the mood for something like this try the Coke store next door.
2	They have one of these stores in NYC that is vastly cooler (both in temp and it atmosphere.)  Honestly, no matter how big an M+M fan you are, in a city where Vosges, Payard, Jean Philippe, Ethyl's, and about 100 other shoppes are within 1/4 mile......why bother?  If I want M&Ms I'll go to the gas station.
4	M&M world is a cool place to visit when you're in Vegas... even if you're not nuts about M&M's.  I used to take all my tourist friends there and now that I'm a tourist myself, I still visit occasionally.  There are 4 stories of M&M stuff and candies.  My favorite part though is when you ride up the escalator, you can see how all the old M&M characters used to look, from the beginning to current designs.I guess I'll take away a star though cause, I've never actually bought anything there!   Weird...See ya there!
1	Capitalism at its worst. These kinds of stores are  a waste of time. Good for the kids though. That is if you want them addicted to sugar.
4	Super fun store  with lots of color and candy plus a huge mural of all the years of m & m's. PLUS they have people in M&M costumes to meet & greet the kids. Also located next to Gameworks and the Coca-Cola Superstore.
5	I had to visit this place when I drove past it.. My mom is an M&M junkie. So if anyone has ever been to the Hershey store here in Chicago you will know what I mean.. It's a total tourist trap. Over priced merchandise, candy and one of a kind souvenirs. I give it 5 stars cause I think that's what it should be. Its a great place to bring everyone to daze at all the funky colors and buy some stuff that you can not get at your average store. Especially for those fans out there.. you know who you are ;)
2	The only fun thing about this place is taking pictures with the giant m&m's. I don't even like eating m&m's, so all the merchandise was pointless for me. My boyfriend found it pretty boring. The only thing I liked was learning about how they make them. I didn't know it took thirty coats to make the candy shell. Craaazy. hahah. Anyways, the 3D movie at the end was boring and neither mine nor my boyfriend's 3D glass worked. We ended up getting headaches from the massive blurriness. I wouldn't go to this place again. Also, we were in vegas during december in part to avoid the crowds, yet this was one of the few places that was very very crowded.
3	I love Chocolate! I love the fact I can indulge here. And I can keep my budget too. A few things.. It's packed normally. But locals can often find discounts here. Check with employees when. I'd post it but i forget. The movie experience smells and is kinda dorky. The walk through is cool . The cartoon M&M's through the years is neat. And if you're a M&M freak they you can decorate your office and home in everything from a lamp to paper weights to bookshelf ends to tissues. :) and if your lucky which you'll be, you can take a picture with the guys. A little weird standing next to something that i want to eat. :) :) :)
3	OKAy so I came here totally excited and it was just...okay.  I do love the multi color m&ms cuz that means I can piss off my bff and get all variations of PINK m&ms.  (she ABHORS pink...sucker) and I do love the lil m&m trinkets here and there.  The elevator even has M&ms drawn everywhere!  The cutest thing I found were m&ms in a crayon wrapper in ur fav colors.  It's really cute so I bought a purple one for my little pink hater.
4	Ever wonder what an entire store dedicated to M&Ms would be like?  Well, the answer is only a plane ride away.  The M&M store on the Las Vegas Strip is a multi-storied shrine to the great American candy, and should be firmly at the top of any "free stuff to do in Vegas" list.In addition to the brand clothing and entirely expected (and awesome) candy taps, there were stuffed toys and a very cool mural of the evolution of the M&M mascots.  It takes about fifteen minutes to go through all of it, and I'd say it's entirely worth the time.  Plus, you can walk out of there with a giant bag of peanut M&Ms in the colors of your choosing.  I can't think of a better souvenir.
5	WOOOAAHHH!! the wall of m&ms is freakin sweet! mixin and matching.. oh and remember that contest.. find the white m&m, well let me tell ya i found a whole tube of them!
4	This place is 4 floors of M&M goodness! It was surprsingly clean for all of the stuff they have and considering there are kids everywhere. Not as many colors of M&Ms on the dispenser wall as I would have liked but still, really cool. Hey, they even had a "Christmas Blend" out! $11.99 per pound of M&Ms.
2	i LOOOOVE m&ms and i love all their commercials, but what is so great about this place other than taking pictures w/ the giant m&ms?  The 2 employees at the register that my friend and i went to were EXTREMELY rude... whatever happened to good customer service?!?!?!  I liked the self-serve-style m&m candy machines filled w/ assorted colors of the m&ms but it's way too overpriced.  My bag of m&ms cost about $10 but I can't complain.. they were pretty to look at for the split second before i ate it. haha  WARNING... do not watch the 3D movie when you have a massive hangover.  the 3D glasses actually made the movie and my hangover worse.
3	M&M world was one of the things on my to-do list in vegas.. i was super excited.. especially walking all the way from the venetian and seeing random ppl holding m&m shopping bags... but holy crap there was soooOooo much people.. i could hardly get through.. im pretty clausterphobic when it comes to these kinds of situations..then my friend wanted to go to the 3d movie thing.. and theres where it all went downhill.. my 3d glasses didnt work.. so i stole my friends.. keke.. i dropped one of the plastic cups that i was going to buy for my nephew and niece.. when i was leaving the store (after having paid for the cups of course) i realized that i lost my camera!! i ran back up to the cashier and they said they haven't seen a camera.. so i had to run back all the way upstairs to the theater and wait 5 minutes till that show was over.. luckily.. i found my camera.. i guess i dropped that too when i dropped the cup.. the workers from the 3d movie were super nice.. however... i can't say that about the workers outside tho..
4	Talk about heaven for an M & M lover, this is it folks! Four floors filled with everything M & M: apparel, mugs, key chains, jewelry, bedding, doggie clothes, collectibles, etc. Take your pick it was there! There were M & M's in every color imaginable that you could fill a bag with for $ 11.99/lb. The walk through was also fun, as it explains how the candy is made and is fun for children. There is a 3D movie as well, which I didn't see. You can take your picture by one of the giant displays. The place was packed and hard to get through.  Some of the staff members weren't very nice either. Overall, a fun experience and a good place to shop for souvenirs.
4	Really great merchandise and fun displays! However, hope you or your kids don't have to use the bathroom while you're in there...there are only 2 toilets for the entire building. Don't waste your time in line, look around at everything and hold it. And make sure to check out the sale area - I picked up a really fun Pirates of the Caribbean M&M's tabletop statue for really cheap! And make sure to go all the way to the top to check out the race car! Really neat store! Every color of M&M that you could ever want!
3	So, I guess this place is pretty cool if you like M&Ms. 4 floors of mostly useless, overpriced stuff, but I still ended up buying a lot of junk as souvenirs for people. I did particularly like their "premium" M&Ms with the different flavors, especially the Mint Chocolate, and the Triple Chocolate. Expensive though at $5 for 6oz. All types of cute stuff in there. Pretty much any item you could expect to put an M&M logo on is there. They were overstaffed though. Saw a lot of workers just standing around. Maybe it's just the whole economy in general.
5	Love most of their things. It's more of an attraction:)
3	Fantastic store to check out, especially if you have kids! The biggest selection of M&M products I have ever seen and hands down the highlight is to see the wall of all the different colors of M&M's. Cool little gift to get to take back, even though it is a little pricey.Definitely a place to stop by if you love chocolate!
4	There's M&Ms everywhereeeeee. M&M's World is a good place to take your kids. There is a short movie to watch as well. Nothign too exciting. This store does get packed...so be prepared! I like going up the escalator and checking out the different styles of M&Ms throughout the years.
5	Go Team Blue !!!!Can you tell hat my favorite color is?I love this store we have been here every trip now, and this time we watched the 3D movie that was cool !!I got a couple iron on Patches bu they didn't have any of Blue ):  this place has stuff from .99 to $1200.00 for the serious collector, come check it out you won't regret it, 3 full floors of fun stuff to look at and wonder how you can afford it all
3	It was cool to see all the different m&m colors that you haven't seen before. The m&m dolls, posters, collectibles, etc.  More for kids...but gets a little crowded.  I would go again, if I had my niece or someone  younger to go with.
4	This is one of those places that I really wanna hate but just can't!  In my heart, i don't believe any candy deserves its very own four story megastore in the heart of the Las Vegas strip.  And everything is so damn overpriced! 13 bucks for a pound of m&m's? I dont care what color they are, they're all gonna be the same color in the end =0So why am I giving this place 4 stars? Look around......everyone has a smile on their face. At least we can drop a hundred bucks here and get something out of it, unlike the blackjack tables.  Hell, they even have a free 3-D show that aint that great but it will give you something to do after you blow all your money at Bills Gamblin' Hall. And if you're quick enough, you can take home a pair of souvenir 3-D glasses!
3	Cool concept I guess, but the stuff in there was quite pricey.  It should be expected since it's Vegas after all.I dunno, I just wanted a big bag of peanut M&M's and had to balk at the prices.  I walked next door to Walgreens and they were much more reasonable.Good place for a Vegas photo though with the person in the red M&M costume.
5	Nothing compares. I loved their concept. 2 floors for you to browse and look for chocolate is way too cool.
5	We had to go.  This was on my kids list of things to do.  They loved the 3d m&m movie. Which is free.  They loved picking out some gifts for friends.  you can find anything M&M here.
1	Okay, why da heck would one spend $13/pound on a bag of m&ms here? You can get the same thing at Walmart or Target or Costco for 2lbs at $7-8!!!! Yes, its cool that they have different colors but like Alex R. said in his post, they'll all be the same color in the end. The only thing that saved it was the 3d movie, which is probably the only free thing on the strip.
2	Creating four floors of overpriced M&Ms memorabilia is one of those ideas whose conception I would like to have witnessed. I understand that tourists will spend money on lots of stupid things, especially in Vegas, but $12.99 for a pound of M&Ms that will melt in the desert heat unless you chug the entire pound right there?I admit, I did spend $4 on the coconut-flavoured M&Ms, but you only need one floor tops for that.
4	As my cousin once said, "Holy cow and jelly beans, Batman - I think I just pooped myself!"This unforgettable quote is pretty much how I felt when I visited the store. I have tons of fun here. I mean, if you're an admirer of all things chocolate ... then this is probably your place.There are MnMs galore here. Souvenirs, candy samples, MnMs with peanuts, MnMs, and even more MnMs but in different colors! Only thing is that everything is too expensive. =(However, I hope to come back again. One of my highlights at Las Vegas.
4	Here's a tip. Don't go through the revolving walkway thing when you've just had a massive drink from Fat Tuesday. It was way trippy and very freaky!M&Ms world was huge, and like the coke store, stocked full of anything and everything for M&Ms lovers. They had all different flavors and colors of M&Ms. You can also take pictures with people dressed up as large M&Ms outside.
5	Its a must if your on the strip! 3 or 4 floors of M&M Bliss. Everything you can possibly want with the M&M logo. Its fun to walk through and check out the merchandise. When you get to the last floor there is a perfect spot to take some nice pics.Also there is a little M&M history walk through that has a 3D movie at the end. THE TUNNEL IS TRIPPY..I felt as if I was in the Willy Wonka movie the part where they are traveling through the tunnel....TRIPPY.Anyways, check it out you wont be disappointed. Plus you get a chance to  get out of the heat for a bit.
2	This is a freak store!.....Going in I'm like ohh the colors the colors....but after being in there for 20 seconds I started sweating profusely as well as the hundreds of smelly humans in there....this is place is a nightmare if you're claustrophobic which I have a slight case of....full of crazy,rude and obnoxious tourists to your left and right trying to take pictures of the stupidest things...I saw a chick taking a picture of a squiggle straw with a green M&M on it....who does that?! and she expects the herd of sweaty humans to stop for her absurd pic and if you don't she rolls her eyes....screw that!... I had to get out of there....maybe I'll visit it again during the winter....I wanted to run!...
1	TO DAMN CROWDED. I didn't get a chance to go to all the floors and see everything,could'nt by my little cousins anything because the lines were to damn long, then people are bumping into me knowing that they've bumped into me and could'nt say excuse me. After that shit I got irritated and left.
4	This was way better then excepted! The kids had great fun and it was free!
3	Melts in you mouth not in your hand.  Yeah right, not when you are in Vegas.  So hot outside.  That is what stopped me from buying the rainbow assorts M&M's on the second floor.  This store is 4 floors filled with M&M merchandise.  The bonus things are the picture areas, 3-D movie is a c-, nascar, and people in costumes.  Be prepared that the movie 3-D glasses are warped so you most likely won't be able to see the film with comfort.  This place is packed, so walk in with patience.
3	Hehe this is my first '100th to review' review.M&M World proved a nice air conditioned haven to dive into to cool off as I headed up the Strip on my sight-seeing tour of the hotels. It's one big retail shop selling every conceivable form of M&M merchandise but had disappointingly little information on the M&Ms themselves - perhaps I had in mind that they missed an opportunity to offer something like the Hersheyworld Chocolate Tour experience.There is all sort of stuff with M&M branding but surprisingly, I couldn't find my favourite peanut butter M&Ms here. It was a disappointment as we can't buy peanut butter M&Ms in the UK
3	Ok, so I had never even been here until about 2 weeks ago. Talk about M&M overload! But that is the point, right?! There are four floors of M&M merchandise. Very cool; and the whole place smells like chocolate. Yum. Fun place.
2	We walked way too far down the strip in way too hot weather to experience this and Coca-Cola World. It was somewhat fun and entertaining, but not really worth the trek. I was hoping for cool flavors (they have PB&J m&ms at the store in NYC!) but the only original flavor was coconut.TIP: If you're a Bank of America customer, there is an ATM on the third floor. This was an unexpected bonus and probably the best part about going here (bad sign!)
3	Vegas Trip 545PMThis is just the thing you do after a buffet. Go to chocolate factory called M&M World. Just trying to spend some time with my friends kids so we decided to take them to this place. OMG thet went wild on this place go here go there just can't control this little bastards...OPPSSS Did i say that? Well moving on they reach 2nd floor with no problem and there it is the machine with all the M&M on it different color different taste different size. Kids grab some bags and off they go filing the bags they have which you know they won't even eat... All this is a phase where if you see it you gotta have it. This is located off the strip you won't miss it for the world you will see a big yellow and blue m&m statue outside the building wall right beside the coke world which we did not check out. maybe next time. This place is all that it says on the brochures yummy m&m cheap all the toys and shirts w/ M&M logo on it. will i come back...YES!!!
5	M&M's are great and this is one of the most exciting places to visit in Las Vegas. There are multiple floors to this place with M&M themed merchandise everywhere. I especially liked the walk through M&M machine and the free 3D movie. Lookout for clearance merchandise throughout the store.
5	When I'm at M&M World, I have the same feeling of when I first went to Disney.....I'm a kid again!! I just couldn't control myself!!All the different special colors of M&M candies, clothes for children and adults, christmas ornaments, kitchen gadgets, collectibles, everything you want with M&M design, you can get here.My recent visit to the M&M store cost me over $200 bucks even when I have nothing in particular to buy.  Of course, I'm a kid at this 4 story candy store and my mom's not with me to stop me! :)
2	Started on the top floor and almost forked out 24$ for a bag of M&M. My wife started filling up the bag. Lots of cool colors, but whatev. By the end there was a rude lady who worked there hollering, "Don't forget, it 7.99 a lb.?" I was floored. Are You F---in' Kindding???" We quickly hid the bag we filled behind some other overpriced M&M's. heehee.. I mean c'mon, it M&M's. What warrants it to have its' own 4 story place? Geeez...
3	I've been to this store 3 times now, once every trip to Vegas.  If you don't really like M&Ms or the M&M characters, then skip it.  Otherwise, go for it.  Four floors of stuff...first floor is keychains, baby stuff, etc.  Second floor is clothing, cups and the M&M pick your own section.  Third floor is christmas stuff and figurines along with the free 3D movie (good to see once since it's Free, but it's pretty cheesy).  Skipped the fourth floor this time, but I think they have a racecar up there.
4	Great Place its a fun shop that kinda reminds of a Willie Wonka Chocolate Vegas Style. I t is   bit over price to buy M&MS there but if you really want to taste the diffrence in flavor of a green one and a teal one thats all on you.!! If I want M&MS THEN I will just walk over to walgreens and buy 2 packs for a dollar!. well anyway the place is cool they alot of things to help you escape the real world for a while and be a kid. the 3d movie is cool, its super cheesey but its free.
4	M&Ms are definitely in my top five candy choices and when I saw this store on the strip I had to check it out.  When that 3:00 pm afternoon sleepy feeling hits me at work more then likely I will run to the candy machine and buy some peanut M&Ms. The M&M store has  four colorful floors of M&M goodies with escalators to each floor just in case your hungover from the night before...just kidding. First floor: Sweat shirts & T-shirts, key chains, stickers and one whole wall of coffee mugs.Second floor: The one big wall of long glass tubes of different M&Ms that you can buy in bulk. Choose your own colors and flavors. Gift boxes of M&Ms for special occasions. Adult t-shirts.Third floor: Movie theater with the M&M theme, figurines, xmas stuff and children size clothing.Fourth floor : a race car stuff into the floor with car toys and home stuff ie. aprons, barbq equipment with the logos.Friendly customer service with a smile. M&M World is a great place to be a kid again, take your kids or just for a great change of pace in Las Vegas. BTW I didn't see those white gloves that they wear, where did they hide them.
3	CUTE CUTE CUTE... but CROWDED CROWDED CROWDED.  It's ok.  There are all sorts of m&m stuff.  I was awed at some of the expensive items.  Whew!  Will I go back another time?  Maybe not.  It's  an attempt at being a sort of Disney - ish.  There is a 3-D m&m show, a walk through m&m making "mission to mars" type "ride" with the m&m "statues" to take pictures with at the end, and lots of shopping as well as their candy.  I give it to them...  m&m's have been around since 1940.  I have to admit though...  I've never had a crispy m&m.
3	$13 for a pound of M&Ms!  Are you kidding me??  But where else will i be able to get a bag of purple peanut M&Ms for my nephew?  Damnit!  haha
4	I got free samples of their new chocolate and a picture with Yellow. We all know Yellow is the man cause he's got the nut! yes and what?!There's a lot of stuff there to look at, there's a bunch of displays and M&M statues you can take pictures with all for free. There's even a 3d movie for free. Its got a couple of levels so you can explore and be amused. However if you choose to buy something, that's another story.Overall its one place that you can take pictures, be totally touristy and have fun for free. so go enjoy, have fun, walk the strip and take pictures.
4	It's our last day in Vegas and what's left to do?  Tour M&M World?  Sure, why not?  It's another one of those Vegas things to do.M&M World is 4 floors of everything M&M.  If you're a fan of M&M's, you'll find plenty of M&M goodness - everything from the candies themselves, cups, memorabilia, ice cream, a 3-D movie, and a crazy combo of M&M colors to make your own M&M stash.We explored all floors and grabbed a few peanut M&M at the Colorworks station.  You can easily get overwhelmed and feel like the proverbial kid in a candy store.  How do you choose what colors you want?  We walked through an M&M maze where there was a short 5 minute 3-D movie at the end titled "I lost my M in Vegas."  It was cute.  This is another Vegas tourist trap but cool if you have the time to kill.
5	I love M&Ms. Especially peanut M&Ms. So when you stick me in a world of M&Ms...I'm pretty happy. I loved all the M&M themed things like movie posters, and I was pleasantly surprised to find a 3D show starring Red and Yellow, called "I lost my M in Vegas." Pretty cute. The 3D glasses were kinda off, but a little adjusting and the movie works out pretty well. Can't complain too much - it's FREE. =)The movie's on the 3rd floor, the NASCAR car on the 4th floor. Each floor full of M&M goodness and fun.Oh, you can try some M&M samples at the Colorworks station on the 2nd floor if you're not too paranoid about the M&M's having been possibly touched by someone else. ;)
4	Great place if you are a lover of M&M's.  If not, then its merely a novelty store to visit.They got 4 floors of M&M merchandise here.  Really, there are stuff that I never knew existed! Just FYI, M&M's have been around since 1941 and is now sold in over 100 countries.  Who says America doesn't make good stuff?
3	4 floors of M&M's. That's a lot of freaking M&M's. If you like to eat them, like to wear clothes that have them on it, or just like to have various and sundry memorabilia, this is the place to go. We were there in August so didn't bother to buy any as we figured it would melt by the time we got back to the hotel, but this is definitely a place to come visit.
4	The M & M store is a store you must go when you are in Las Vegas. There are four floors of various sweet edible candies and cute apparels and memorablias for people of all ages. Including an old man like myself who many of you refer to me as one of the M & M Peanuts character. Okay, I maybe a little round and pudgy because I eat too much treats such as M & M's. So what!This busy store, mainly tourists like myself, enjoy the cute displays and selections of this unique store. My favorite part of the store is the top floor with M & M's is also a huge sponsor for NASCAR, which is driven by Kyle Busch in the #18 Toyota. His racecar is showcased on that same floor along with other of his merchandise too. NASCAR is raced once a year in Las Vegas and this store is one of the hottest shops when the annual race arrive in March.The only thing I bought from this store is a yellow M&M tee for $25.00. I think with my fat belly, I resemble more like a M&M peanut character with the yellow tee on.
4	A cool 3 floor store full of Sweet gifts and collectibles and even a NASCAR car on the third floor ,you can buy any color of m&m's you want ,the second floor offers some of the coolest high end collectibles but be prepared for the sticker shock the coolest pieces are not cheap but real cool I love this store !
5	How fun to be surrounded by the chocolatey characters. Photo ops galore... kids running a-muck.... what else can one ask for!
2	I always see people in Vegas just walking around with an M & M bag. I guess I see what the big deal is. There's so many things to buy and waste your money on with these toys. I guess making your own mix of colors is pretty cool but they all taste the same so why does or really matter. My brother spend $15 on just a bag of pretty colored M& M's. Not worth it if you ask me and way too pricey.I have to admit that the toys are pretty cool even though they all do the same thing; give and put M & M's.This place is pretty cool but totally not worth wasting my money on.
4	I love this place. I try to go every time I go to Vegas. Sometimes you can catch a deal in the clearance section on the top floor, I got a nice M&M hoodie once for 20 bucks. When I'm in this store I feel like a big kid. I love to take pics with the characters when I can catch them out front. If you like M&M's you will LOVE this place.
4	good place to bring the kids especially if you wanna spend $12.99/pound of M&Ms.the bathroom on the 2nd floor is only for one person at a time. so after you eat that lunch buffet please be a good citizen and do not go to the bathroom at the Factory to drop a bomb.best part was when they were offering sample chocolate pretzel M&M as part of their new flavor. got like 3 rounds. i was pretty buzzing so they tasted super good. when i was sober they were alright. just a good combination of sweet and salty.
3	The area is cute & clean but I was expecting more than the usual m&m products. They actually had a 3D show...I kinda enjoy that but the products are too expensive.
3	3 words: Bigass Souvenir Shop
5	This place, a free attraction on the Strip, has been a favorite of mine for years. Four levels of M & M's merchandise, a free movie (line starts fast), and a nice view from the top floor's window- all make this one a no-brainer. First Floor: key chains, charms, mugs, souvenirs, candy, snow globes. Second Floor: 22 different colored m & m's ready for you to customize, candy dispensers, tees and other clothing. Third Floor: Collector's Items- expensive bags made from recycled candy wrappers and other collectibles in glass display boxes, Christmas Collection. Movie: 10a- 6p Sun- Thurs/ 10a-8p Sat & Sun. Fourth Floor: Nascar, Houswares, Home Decor, Bedroom DecorSometimes you'll get to take pictures with a mascot, in the front of the store. Don't forget to check out the sale racks and sometimes there is a special sale on the M & M candy.Beware, this is very popular and is often crowded with tourists.
4	I felt like I was cheating on my kids.... I was in there for THEM not ME.. I promise!!! haha but ya really... got my 2 and 4 yr old some goodies and some really cute shirts! Very pricy tho~
1	is it REALLY necessary to a lavendar colored m&ms? or any color that's not included in the ones they sell in stores? they all taste the same for goodness sakes!go to the nearest store, pick up an economy sized bag of m&m's, separate the colors, bag it up, and tie with a pretty ribbon.there.....no one will know you didn't get it from m&m world. and you saved a bunch of money. you're welcome.
3	Four floors of m&ms.. a gigantic wall full of m&ms of all different colors..It's like.. m&m overload!!It's interesting to go to... but I wouldn't see myself buying any m&m souvenirs any time soon.. it's just not my style..The fun thing is that they usually have samples of the new m&ms they come out with.. it was here that I first tried the pretzel m&ms.. and it was here that I would be my fiance to replenish my stash of coconut m&ms..Sadly.. coconut m&ms must have not been a huge success because they no longer carry it..It's fun to go here as a tourist and take pictures with the characters.. but the bag-it-yourself m&ms are so expensive.. it's not really worth it..
5	the place i have been dying to go!! i was like a little kid in a candy store. i literally wanted to buy the whole store but instead i bought a pair of pajama pants that said "who's your candy?" all over it and a yellow water bottle. we didnt buy any chocolate cuz we were afraid that it will melt. its so hot down there!!
5	Yes it's a tourist trap but dammit! I love this place! I come here every time I'm in Vegas. Four floors of yummy chocolate goodness. Not to mention it's free! Every type of M & M product you could ever think of, t shirts, cups, key chains, mugs, umbrellas, pens, model M & M Nascar race cars, pjs, hats, clocks and so much more. Don't miss the wall of M & M's! Every color of the rainbow and then some!
3	We went here because it was next door to the Coca Cola store. I must say that I'm not impressed. Granted there are four levels of nothing but M&Ms products but everything is expensive. Even the wall where you can actually get M&Ms is expensive. (would you really pay $12.99 for 1 pound of M&Ms?)We even went to the clearance section. My husband chose a souvenir pen for $2.00. I did get a few M&Ms from the great wall but they came out to $2.95. WOW! Almost 3 buck for less than a quarter of a pound of M&Ms.Just a word to the wise, it would be better to stop here and look around but make sure you stop at the gas station and get your 99 cent M&M's first.
4	Hmmm...it wasn't so much a world as I thought it was going to be....just a freakin shop of M&M's, but darn the darnest...I din;t tour all four floors cause I thought they didn;t have that many...but...pictures are great to take here man! Especially the guy standing out side...Hook 'Em! Him and my boyfriend clicked on the longhorns, made my guy happy since he's alum. And my baby boy loved the M&M statues....the green one of course...hehe....I love my baby! But they have some pretty cool stuff there, but definitley great place to take pictures. A little shop that brings the kid out of you.
5	Love this place!! M & M's everywhere, what else could be better?Sure it's a tourist trap, so what?
3	Tourist trap... of course lol every shop or spot on the strip is.. what do you expect? Its Vegas.. we came here any way to do some light exploring and we wanted souvenirs so this was the perfect place to go. 4 floors of anything you can think of with the M&M logo on it.
5	Oh my goodness, four floors of M & M MERCH!!!Pillows, luggage tags, cards, Christmas ornaments, apparel, candy, desk supplies, jewelry, magnets, postcards, and all other schwag. I had a great time.
4	Why wouldn't I be a fan of my own known world? ;) M&M's!! how could you go wrong with a variety of M&M's, accessories, etc.? This tops off the fact that they have 4 floors of goodness. They include a show that you can catch watching for a good few minutes. Can't complain about the prices, it's Vegas. The only, only, ONLY reason why this is NOT a 5 star is because...THEY NEED TO BRING BACK THE CRISPY M&M'S PLEASE?!?!C'mon, why advertise the ORANGE M&M when you guys don't even sell crispy M&M's anymore. Sure, pretzel M&M's are good, but it was my ultimate favorite. I think it was everyone's favorite.
5	One wouldn't think after years of eating M&M's that you would actually be able to enjoy them MORE... but here they are fresh and shiny and there is a whole wall of them.We spent way too much time and money in here.
3	If you love M&Ms, this place is your Mecca.  If you don't, it will bore you to tears.I happen to fall in the latter category (yeah, I know, I know -- but M&Ms really *don't* do it for me).  The first time I was in Vegas, I just came in to see the panoply of M&M colors you won't find elsewhere.  And on that count, I wasn't disappointed.  You won't be, either: the candy wall is definitely a sight to see and the reason I give them three stars.This visit we went in because it was so darn hot out and M&Ms' doors were open, blasting cool, conditioned air at us when we oozed by.  So I figured I'd pop over to see what was new in the M&Ms rainbow.  The so-called "Vampire" mix with gray, black, white, and red candies made me giggle.  Some of the merchandise is cute, I suppose, if you lust after the melt-in-your-mouth-not-in-your-hand candies.  Whatever you can think of, they've put the M&Ms logo on it.  But who buys the sequined M&Ms purses???
4	Seriously, what's not to love about this store? 4 Floors of everything m&m you could ever imagine. Items ranging in price from a couple of bucks to as much as you care to spend. Oh, and they're totally cool about pics taken inside the store, and even have an M hanging about out front for free photos.
4	What's not to love?!?!  4 floor of M&Ms merchandise heaven :)I bought a really cute Christmas ornament and baby shirt for my nephew.  I can't wait to see him in it :)
4	I come here when I want to get high. Sugar high that is.Sometimes I seriously wonder if the creators of M&M's were on acid or shrooms when they came up with the idea. Chocolate, in a convenient candy coating that comes in MILLIONS OF COLORS. Seems pretty hard to come up with that in your normal state of mind. I haven't seen it in years, but back when I was a kid and was practically whining for my mom or aunt  to take me out to some sort of amusement park when they didn't have enough money for one they would take me here, buy me bags of M&M's and take me to a ~FREE screening of I Left My M In Vegas in 3-DM&M's are cheap and they come in wide varieties here, the movie is free, there's absolutely no reason to NOT come here. I love how it's next to the Coca-Cola experience. Are they trying to give us diabetes?
3	This is definitely a cool place to stop through. Lots of M&M merchandise spanning kitchen ware to under garments. The highlight of the place is the tall columns of every color of M&Ms for you to mix and match. Not too much to do otherwise, but you do learn a little new thing about the brand and culture of M&Ms each time you go.
3	fun, four story store.but very overpriced.
4	Four floors of M&M fun, and a total tourist trap. But if you're not a big gambler and looking for good, clean fun, for the adults or kids, during the day time I suggest taking a visit to M&M's World. This M&M themed store has pretty much any M&M themed merchandise you can imagine. It's nuts!Unintentionally,  while walking the strip during the day time, I think, we've made a trip to this place every single time when going to Vegas. There is a part of this store that brings a little nostalgia in all of us. Even if you're not a M&M fan it's worth a peek.
3	Decent tourist spot if it is your first time in Vegas.Don't watch the 3D movie. The movie is terribad, and the 3D glasses don't work at all. Waste of time in my opinion.Has a bunch of fun little souvenirs and stuff to look at. Not really worth buying though. There is a bunch of weird colored M&M's you can buy in a bag.Located next to World of Coca-Cola.
5	Overwhelming experience!!  Being a big M&M's fan I was dying to go to the holy land of M&M's experiences.This place didn't disappoint.  Took me 2 solid hours looking at all the great goodie (jewelry, clothing, desk accessories, customized candy).I had to restrain myself, but got some great merchandise that I had to ship home since it was a good chunk of stuff that I bought.  I took too many pictures to count.Just take a deep breath, have a good chunk of time to be thorough and become a fun kid again.  You will come out with a giant smile on your face.
3	There are 4 floors of M&M goodness! I love the mix & match area. They have all the colors of the rainbow here in M&Ms. I love all of the different flavor M&Ms too (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, peanut, almond, pretzel, peanut butter, minis). I love the pretzel M&Ms and the minis! We ended up buying three bags of M&Ms (one for ourselves, one for the bf's niece, and another one for his nephew)! I love how they have the M&M characters, like the red and the yellow M&Ms, out to take pictures with people. Kids love this place! Definitely a great place to take the family when you're in Vegas.
4	My parents always left my brother and I to the strip in Vegas.....before we were 21.Therefore, we hung out a lot at the M & M's World. Its amazing how many M&M "stuff" there is. Best part is the mix and match area...you can help yourself to a variety of colors.
4	How does this place make any money??  I mean seriously, are there that many people who buy M&M products?  Are there really dedicated M&M loyalists out there?My gf Maria will buy some cute souvenirs once in a while.  But this place is full of a lot of crap that is nice to look at, but you really wonder who buys it.  I would recommnd checking it out.  There are about 5 floors of M&M items.  4/5 for presentation, originality, and value for your time Derek
3	If you are looking for something free to do, on the 3rd level, they have a 10 min FREE M&M movie. This time it was in 3D. Sadly, I can't comment on it as I didn't get the chance to see it, but I WILL be going back for that some day. The rest of the store sort of makes you wonder how this is a sound business strategy. There are 4 floors and the 4th floor feels very empty. There are many more M&M branded objects than I ever thought existed. . . chess board, sink drain clogger, refrigerator magnets, clutches made of M&M wrappers, even fine jewelry like a gold M&M tie pin. It's a great place to wander around, but by the 4th floor, you start to like black and white things, and begin to wonder if M&Ms will come murder you in your sleep.
5	I actually collect M & M dispensers so M & M World was a must in Vegas. It is 4 floors. The 1st & 2nd floor can get very crowded. People actually knocked down and broke glass items when we were there because of the congestion. I went a second time at night and it was a much better experience. There are lots of M & M items: clothes, jewelry, mugs, dispensers, collectibles. You can take pictures with the M & M's (there was person dressed up as a yellow m&m outside & life size plastic ones upstairs). There is also over 20 different colors of M&M's you can get. This was a fun experience and worth visiting if you are any type of candy lover.
3	Young kids and M&M addicts will love this place. It's four stories of every conceivable type of M&M merchandise, flavor, and color. There's a huge self-serve dispenser along one wall filled with every color for $12.99 per pound (yeah, that's a huge markup and you'll be better off buying a five pound bag from Costco). I was thrilled to see coconut M&M's! I'm a sucker for anything with coconut and had to buy a couple bags for myself.There's a free 3D movie on the third floor, but it was closed when we stopped by.I was hoping for some interactive displays or some sort of museum section detailing the history of the candy, but no such luck. It's just one massive store. But, my kid loved picking out his own M&M colors to buy. If you have kids or love M&M's yourself, I'd recommend this place. It's a good way to kill half an hour or so.If you're planning on driving here, there's a parking garage for the Showcase Mall with an entrance off of LV Blvd (right by Smith & Wollensky). Parking is $3 and there's a walkway into the mall from the garage on level 5.
3	This place is hard to review. The prices are really high, and even if you just go in to buy the candy itself (skipping all of the souvenirs and the like), you'll likely end up paying somewhere in the neighborhood of $12.99 for a single pound (depending on whether or not you choose to fill your own bag, or purchase a pre-wrapped option).Still, there are TONS of items here for the M&M fanatic - penny crushing machines on almost every floor (I'm a nut for these things, and they only cost $0.51) and some items are technically on clearance, bringing their prices down into the fairly reasonable range.However, for all of the variety in the store, the prices are simply outrageous. $8 for a plastic keychain with glued on gemstones that had already fallen off some of the ones hanging on the rack? Really disappointing.I'm a huge fan of little trinkets - keychains, magnets, anything that lights up or has moving parts (very easily amused in that way). This place has a lot of stuff that fits the bill, even if you're just into stuff that's really colorful, but you'll need to be prepared to pay at least $20 if you want something worthwhile (that's $20 for one item - and that's a low guesstimate). Unfortunately, I walked out with just a couple of squished pennies.
4	Always a must in vegas for me. It's always fun to see new products, and look at their fun presentation of the store. There are 4 floors at this location. They are laid out as follows:1) keychains, infant and child clothing, small novelty items2) adult clothing, M&M wall of colors (where you put together your own bag of colored candy), and candy dispensers & stationary3) Free 3D movie (which is pretty cute for kids), and a personalized M&M station4) M&M racing with full size race car, christmas knicknacks, and bath & home items
3	I actually thought this place had more to offer because of all the hype. There werent too many m&m's here. Yes the merchandise was huge and the floors were pretty cool but the flavors of the main chocolate wasn't enough. There were 4 types ONLY. WTF?!?!?!wouldn't come back!
4	I love this place, might be a bit childish for me, but I LIKE IT! It brings me joy seeing all the M&M merchandise, makes me want to buy everything!!!! Might be over-priced....a little bit...
4	I can't believe out of all times that I've been to Vegas, I missed out on going to the M&M's World until my recent trip. This place has to be one of the places that I have to visit again whenever I'm back in Vegas!Great place for family if they want to take their kids somewhere in Vegas, if they can control their kids from wanting things. 4 floors of M&M's merchandise of just about everything! From kitchen, bathroom, pets, clothes, and all sorts of accessories, I am a sucker for these M&M's products that I had to narrow down my selections in my shopping bag. They have many colors of M&Ms that you can buy, colors that you don't normally see in a typical M&Ms you buy from the grocery store. 1 pound of M&Ms = $13 and for customized ones costs more. Their products are a bit pricey, but don't get suckered into their colorful and cute merchandises! I learned it the hard way by narrowing it down and ended up spending nearly $100, mostly for my 4 year old nephew because he loves M&M's.It doesn't hurt to tour inside, since there's a 3D movie for entertainment and there's no pressure on buying things. Just don't get suckered into wanting everything like I did. :)
5	Fun experience, personalized m&m's for our little ones!
3	3.5 stars.There's not much to say about this place except that everything here was M&M branded.  You name it - mugs, shirts, toys, kitchen stuff  - all have the words "M&M" on it.  Honestly, I wouldn't buy anything here because I don't need or want any of the stuff.  Sure M&Ms taste good but do you really need a M&M-branded shirt or cup? lol  It was just fun to look around at all the floors (3 I think) and see nothing but M&Ms.If you are a hardcore M&M fan, then this place is a must see; other than that, there's nothing much to see.
5	What can I say. I loved this store.  It was a little pricey but it's really a MUST to visit.   You can personalize a bag of M & M's for anything you want them to say.  Also, you have to see the 3D movie which is free on the top level.   It's only 10 to 15 min long but sooo worth it  whether you're a kid or an adult.
2	Come here if you are in Vegas with kiddos or you just an M&M's HUGE FAN. Don't come here if your purpose in VEGAS is to commit sins and to party. You will yawn while you walk through the entire place. That's what I did.
4	Lots of M&M stuff! Kind of overpriced but great stuff! Everyone loves M&Ms!
3	Alright - it is pretty cool to have an entire wall of M&M's staring you down, in every color and flavor.If you like M&M's, it is certainly worth going in.  They sell lots more than the candy.  Mugs, t-shirts, keychains w/ names, basic tourist fare.  It is always a bit crowded, and I didn't appreciate the one employee harassing the other over football when I was checking out.  She was supposed to be helping me, but some arrogant dude came over gloating about the Cowboys, making the both of us uncomfortable.  Typical Dallas fans.  :b Not uncomfortable with talk of football, just his style of talking.Great place to grab a small gift for someone, but it adds up quick.  Don't put too many M&Ms in that bag or you're gonna be paying big bucks!
4	I love the free 3D movie and the factory-themed area you walk through to get to it. The movie is pretty funny and enjoyable. Yes, the wall of M&Ms are overpriced. I still love that you can get exclusive colors, mixes and prints here. Last time I was there I stocked up on "Viva Las Vegas" candies with Green (the girl M&M) on the back of them.  I remember back in 2000 they had a special Millennium mix of black, white, silver and gray. It was awesome. It's a definite must-see, especially with the family. You don't have to buy the full $13 pound. You can just get a tiny bit if you can resist the temptation!
3	Four floors of M&Ms! My friends brought me here to witness all that is M&M. So many cute M&M souvenirs... I bought a frame and I stocked up on the coconut M&Ms because I was told I could only get them there (Cough cough, lies! They have the coconut ones here in my hometown). Anyways, floor after floor of cute M&M stuff that I need... like the ornaments (that I restrained myself from buying, but now regret because I want that M&M guitar that plays music) or the fifty different colours of M&Ms that I didn't even know existed. I bought a set of pens and gave them to my co-workers because everyone needs pens and not crazy expensive keychains (I only have like three keys). It's worth checking out to say that I've been there... now on my next trip, I can focus on my main mission: food.
4	This place is awesome!!! Tons of cool stuff to look at
3	Maybe because I've been to MM World in NY that I find this location unimpressive.  The MM statues are 1/2 the size of the ones in NY, and they have a rope around them, no cool photo op here.We were in and out, went to all floors, in about 5 minutes.  It's cool that you can get exclusive color mms but be prepared to pay extra.  Everything else was also overpriced, as expected.
2	My family was in town and wanted to do the touristy things. I always wanted to browse this store, specifically since I heard they have so many kinds of M&Ms. They have different COLORS, but not a lot of different FLAVORS. I don't care if my plain or peanut M&M's are cute colors. There was pretzel and dark chocolate flavors at the dispenser and I saw coconut packages by the register. I mean, even certain candy stores has more M&M's flavors than that. I was hoping they'd have some of the limited releases like the PB&J, mocha, white chocolate, mint, etc being sold at the M&M's store. All other branded candy stores like Kit Kat store carry all the fun, hard to find flavors.Basically- if you want chocolate then buy at your grocery. If I want odd flavors, I have to buy online from crazy Japanese candy companies. If you want branded M&M's product, then you come here. I want to eat M&M's not advertise for them.
1	This store was a major disappointment. It's on a dirty part of the strip, was crowded, and was totally and completely uninteresting. Even my daughter was bored. I thought the store would have a more interesting design...or at the least would have interesting products. All they have is excessive (and tacky) merchandising, a few extra colors of M&M's and that's about it. They don't carry any of the interesting M&M flavors or limited editions. Skip it and spend more time in the Coca-cola store.
3	I took my two boys here and they thought it was kind of cool but I was not impressed.  This place was so packed, but I expected it to be since it would be one of the many tourist traps in Vegas.  I love M&M's and I liked seeing all of the stuff with the M&M logo on it so it gets one star for the coolness factor.  But I also think it could have been consolidated into fewer levels because alot of the same stuff was repeated over and over.  I wish they had the huge M&M wall on all floors to alleviate some of the congestion in that area.  The candy was expensive, I want to say $12.99 a pound but was expected.  I let my boys pick out a few colors of M&M's and they loved that so for that this place gets an extra star.  As long as my boys have smiles on  their faces all is well.  And I am also giving this place a star for the close proximity to the MGM and the lion habitat.
4	== M & M's World==M & M's MmmMmmLand.. This is purely for M&M fanatics and more. There is not one M&M item you can't find in this store. There's more than 3 floors of goodness for you. All the colors of the rainbow of M&M's to buy, M&M slot machine toys, magnets, mugs, dolls, and much much more. M&M Name tags? Sure they have it. M&M keychains? They got it! Located right across from New York New York. You'll bound to walk pass this. Very pricey, what do you expect in Vegas baby.
3	Of all the things to do in Vegas, this ranks pretty low on my list.  My friends wanted to take me here on my first (post-kid) trip, but honestly, I think I could have done without.  Its everything you would expect...toys, statue-thingys of M&M's and tons of overpriced M&M products.  I can't say I'm this fanatical about any candy.
5	4 levels of M and M cuteness!!! A fun place to check out- i'm a sucker for those yellow M and M bags you see people carrying around the strip. I found a cute calculator with m and m for buttons years ago. sadly i didn't see it here this time around and resisted getting something just for the bag...
1	All M&M at VERY high prices -  go online and save the visit.
5	such a cute place to explore all the M&M's!!!! it's 4 stories, huge place, fun! :)
5	I love this place.. I don't care that I can get 10 bags of M & M candy at the local market for the price of a small bag at  M & M's World. I love taking my kids here too. We always come out with goodies and gifts. Candy dispensers, jammies, jackets, Christmas ornaments.. you name it you can get it here...I will see you again in Jan. 2012 M & M's World!
3	A good tourist spot...Just outside is a whole bunch of impersonators such as Jack Sparrow, Michael Jackson, Mario & Luigi, Marilyn Monroe, Spongebob, etc.Inside is a whole bunch of M&M souveniers.Stuff is expensive but something fun to see on the strip.They have free 3D movies to watch, only 10 minutes long.
4	A great place for all you M & M lovers, you name it they've got it. 3 floors (maybe 4, i forgot) of M & M craziness from clothing, toys, souvenirs, dvd's, they have a little theater to watch a mini show and you could learn the history of the iconic candy . It's great for the kids and one of those places you have to visit when you are in Vegas
4	Cute store, lots of merchandise.  Customized M&M's printing on site, fun but in the end we did not buy anything.
3	4 floors of screaming children and a plethora of M&M themed cheap crap at insanely expensive prices.  I can't say I loved this place but it will definitely keep the kiddos occupied for at least 30 minutes and even some adults.  The only part I enjoyed were the life-size plastic M&Ms you could take photos with and the personalized M&M station.  Although I didn't even glance at prices for the personalized M&Ms because if they are like everything else in this store, they are way overpriced.  Coke World is a calmer, slightly less expensive alternative.
3	This M&M store is awesome. I really wanted to give this huge candy store 4 stars, but because of the ridiculous prices they had were outrageous I had no choice but to bring this place down a star. They don't only have a shizz load of candy, they also sell a bunch of souvenirs, shirts, magnets, cups etc. just about anything you can find at a convenient store but with a m&m label on it. One thing that I really did like at this place though, was their cool little free m&m 3D show. There's 4 floors of everything overpriced m&m stuff (well who cares as these tourists will pay for just about anything). Heck m&ms here tastes just as good as the m&ms down the street at a liquor store, but you're paying more because of how cool this places look. Don't get me wrong this place is cool especially if you love m&ms because this place will make you feel like heaven. I do come here almost every time I'm in Vegas but I hardly buy anything here besides m&ms and watch their show.
3	UPDATE!!! DUE TO A SYSTEM / COMPUTER MALFUNCTION M&M'S WORLD HAS CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD A SECOND TIME!! I WAS THERE ON 5/27/11 AND WAS JUST RE-BILLED $120 BUCKS YESTERDAY 7/11/11!!! WTF??!!! I called to talk to a manager but one would not get on the phone. The receptionist put me on hold a couple times, obviously confirming with someone else in her office. She came back to the phone advising me of the system failure 5/27/11 - 5/29/11 many credit card and debit card charges have been billed again in JULY!! The M & M Corporate office is aware of the issue and claims to be working to resolve it... HMPH..
5	We had time to see their 3D show! It was awesome! They have pretty neat stuff from kitchenware to toys and to stationary. They have everything in M & M!! This is a must-see tourist place! Heck, I think I will stop by every time I'm in LV!
4	It's definitely a cute place... kid-friendly, but it's fun for all ages.Personally, the only floor that matters to me is the one with all the m&m's you could ever dream of eating. They've continued to add more and more varieties of m&m's and I REALLY cannot complain. This time around, we tried peanut butter and coconut, among other flavors. SO GOOD, and absolutely addicting. It's also fun to look at all the different m&m toys and merchandise here. A great way to kill time or entertain you, your kids, or basically anyone from the age of 0-100!
4	When I go on trips I like to bring back a small gift for family members.  It can be hard to find something special but I make the effort.  This store has lots of M&M themed gifts, plus the ability to personalize your own M&Ms.  Personalized M&Ms are pricey and you can't fit much on there, but it only takes a few minutes and it's a very special gift.  I'm glad I stopped in.
4	Stopped by here on our impromptu Vegas trip. Have you ever wondered if the employees wear the color for the M&M that they closely resemble? Maybe it was just coincidence that this one guys was wearing the Orange M&M shirt and was wearing the same expression. Look who's talking. My wife teases me about being the orange m&m. Did you know they change the orange m&ms expression? He used to look more indifferent and worried and definitely not smiling. The new version definitely looks friendlier. Fan of the store and their selections but not so much their prices. $12.99 for a pound of M&Ms? O_O
4	Candy, candy and more candy. Four levels of M&M madness. If you are an M&M fan this store is for you. Clothes, kitchen ware, toys, key chains, charms, mugs, T-shirts, lunch bags, golf balls and the list goes on and on. You can easily spend an hour or two in here. Take the opportunity for some photo ops with M&M characters and the official NASCAR M&M car. My kids loved that part, okay I did too. I almost forgot to mention the candy madness. Every color you can imagine for an M&M. Look for your favorite color and enjoy.
4	It's awesome if you like M&M's but im not....its hella big...gotta see it if you like M&M's swag
4	Spent a long time in here this time. I think it's because we watch the now free 3D movie on the third floor. It's a super-fun, whimsical store with lots of colors and interactive areas. They have lots here from colored MMs to kitchen things to candy dispensers. We watched the 3D movie. It was cute. Kinda hurt my eyes. It was a little hard to focus for some reason. I thought it was just me, but turns out my family had trouble focusing too. The show is about 10 minutes long in a small theater. I guess they used to charge for this, but now it's free. If you have kids, I would suggest letting them see it. It's cute.
3	Fun place to visit and purchase souvenirs found no where else ( maybe eBay?). Buy the prices are a bit steep.
3	Its a cool place to visit.  Somethings are cool but i found a lot of things to be overpriced.
5	M&M's World is heaven for anyone who loves M&M's! They have just about everything you'd ever want with an M&M twist! Keychains, clothes, mugs, wallets, coin purses,  and other wonderful stuff! AND well, a load of different colored M&M's that'll make you go insane (in a good way! lol).This place puts me in the greatest mood, I'm a lover of all things M&M's, so i could easily spend my whole day in there.Highly recommend this place. Even if you don't love M&M's that much, you MUST experience this place at least once.
5	This is one place I have been wanting to go to for a long time. Everything M&M's and lots of it. If you are a huge M&M's fan or love only one color then this is a must for your Vegas vacation. I got a yellow M&M's luggage tag and I love it. Ice cream, and M&M's candy of all varieties ever made, take all you want but be prepared to pay up. Stuffed characters, banks, name straps, clothing, and even the actual M&M's race car on the 4th floor, and yes you are not seeing things, there are 4 floors of everything M&M's. So next time your are in Vegas try this place out, it rocks.
3	this place is pretty cool! the 3D movie is the best 3D ive ever seen! it actually looked like you could touch the stuff right in front of you! the staff are super friendly. the only reason this place doesnt get more stars is because its SUPER EXPENSIVE!! 13 bucks for M's?! and 22 bucks for a simple t shirt.... no thanks!
4	i love M&M world! who would have thought that they would even think of dedicating a place to M&Ms? 3 floors with loads and loads of M&M paraphernalia from housewares to novelties to different colors of M&Ms and even personalized ones! yum yum yum!!! a great place to bring your kids (if for whatever reason you decided to bring kids to vegas lol) and to get your chocolate fix to chase all that liquor you drank!! prices are pretty decent too :). get yourself a good souvenir for under $10!
4	One of my favorite places to go when I hit Vegas!  Just when you walk in, the smell of chocolate hits your senses.  Its so MMM & MMM good :)I love all of the M&M paraphenalia and I don't think I've ever gone here without buying anything.  This trip, I made off with a new Green M&M water bottle (BPA free of course!).  I have yet to make it to the 3-D movie without falling asleep, unfortunately (blame it on the a-a-a-alcohol) but I'm excited to try again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Who can resist those cute M & M's characters?  Walking along the Strip and seeing the colorful store, I couldn't.  Plus, it presented another opportunity to duck in for an air conditioned respite from the oppressive Las Vegas summertime heat.  So, with nothing particular in mind, Diane and I walked inside the store and looked around.  As might be expected, M & M's merchandise was everywhere, and of close to infinite variety.  Four floors of it!  What really surprised us though was the advertised availability of a free 3-D movie presentation featuring the M & M's characters.  While standing right outside the theater, when I saw that the next scheduled performance would begin in only 3 minutes, it seemed fortuitous and made sense to get in line and wait for the film to be shown.  We were not disappointed.We were soon handed our yellow plastic 3-D glasses, found our way to comfortable seats, and then were treated to a funny and engaging film on a fairly large screen that was quite inventive, entertaining, and even suspenseful.  The shows vary, but our featured film was titled "I Lost My M in Vegas."  I won't ruin it for others by giving away the entire plot and ending.  Just be advised that this short film involves Blue betting and losing the "M" on his chest at the Roulette Table, and then trying to get it back.  In the course of that quest, Yellow's rear end is scorched.  The quality of the color and the  3-D is excellent, as numerous 3-D images dart very close to a viewer's face.Following the film, we looked around some more, and of course bought a refrigerator magnet for our all-Vegas collection.  But both of us were so glutted from Restaurant Week meals that, even though we both adore the taste and crunch of M & M peanuts, we didn't buy any candy.  The stop was a nice diversion from our long walk.
4	$10 worth of M&Ms makes me a happy girl =)My favorites here are the almond, peanuts, peanut butter, and coconut.  mmmmmm.  I love M&Ms.As for the store, they have everything M&M.  From golf M&M golf balls to M&M baby clothing.  Its fun to walk around and scoop everything out.  It's 3 levels high and the store is always pack.  Everything is a little pricey.  I love coming here whenever we are on the strip.
5	Love this place!!! I recently took my husband here while on our vacation, (he had never been before). It was still as great as the many other times I've been here before. It is a bit pricey and crowded, but that's what you have to expect for a touristy place. If you don't want to spend to much money on some M&M's there, they have the 'unwanted colors' bags, with super random colors that are cheaper.
4	My niece loves this place so 4 star.
3	Great place to shop for M&M stuff. The best part of the store is the free 3D movie. If you have kids, bring them here and they'd love it. All the products are way over priced, though they have lots of colors and different kind of M&Ms, you're paying WAY too much for something you can get from the store. Which the bottom line, they are chocolate. Bottom line, unless you're a M&M mega-fan, there are other shopping to go in Vegas and don't waste your time if you need to choose between this or something else.
4	So... I've never been here! Haha. I came here with my family for out Vegas trip and boy was it a huge place! M&M everywhere,. There wasn't a single space in the building that was not decked out with M&Ms. And since my niece and  younger brother are in LOVE with m&ms, they wen't super gaga! Running everywhere and getting all excited. My little brother even followed the M&M guy who walks around the store waving at people. It was so cute. It's a great store. Come check it out sometime when you're in Vegas,
4	You HAVE to love this store. It's just TOO cute! 4 floors of M&M's, M&M's, and MORE M&M's. It's always SUPER busy. Clothes, cups, plates, forks, spoons, school supplies, dog items, bathroom items, bedroom items, pictures, candy, backpacks, key chains, stickers, and the list goes ON and ON and ON... it's 4 FLOORS for crying out loud!!! :)On this trip... I got.... M&M candy, an M&M blanket, keychain, pen, stationary pad, t shirt, and even a dog toy for my babies!! There's something for everyone in here. They even have a short 3D movie shown every 30 minutes I think?? I didn't watch it but there were a bunch of people in line to see it. It's pricey... but everything is in Vegas. Staff is hit or miss. Some are friendlier than others.
4	Not everything has to stay in vegas  :)
3	Before M&M store came to NYC, I thought the M&M World in Vegas was like Charlie in the Chocolate Factory. I was still pretty young when they first opened the store on the Las Vegas strip near MGM and because I was not legal to gamble yet, I came here to entertain myself. I was mesmerized by all the different colored M&Ms they had and the cute products they sold in the store. The store was like the new kid on the block where all tourists; especially children, would flock to. Decades past and now the store just looks so miniscule compare to the up and coming high-end retail shops and towering resort buildings in the vicinity. But if you have the extra money to spend on overpriced items, it's a fun spot to hit up.  Four floors of M&M sweetness!
3	M&M World caters more to those who have special occasions to celebrate than anything else. Two of my best friends are getting married soon, so we stopped by in hopes of finding M&M minis that matched their wedding colors.Sadly, they only have the regular sized chocolates in original and peanut. For $12.99 a pound, it is not a bad price to pay for the large selection of colors. To personalize with a maximum of two messages and two images it would cost $19.99 for 1/2lb, $24.99 for 3/4lb, and $29.99 for a full pound. The images has a small range of Las Vegas, wedding, and baby shower themes. There were not that many options, but the messages add a personal touch. There is a max of eight letters per message. The four levels are filled with a ridiculous amount of M&M merchandise. The staff are quick to assist and always smiling. It is a nice location, but like Jade W. pointed out, it could use more variety in their treats.
3	So my friend gets a message from a friend of hers who lives/bartends in Las Vegas. "Hey, if you and your friends want to come to this party I'm going to, you're more than welcome!""We've already got plans, but thanks!," she replies when in reality we didn't have plans other than visiting M&M World. Yes, we chose M&M World over a party that no doubt hosted copious amounts of body glitter, waxed man boobs and 2% body fat. In our defense, like many people, we'd overstayed our visit in Vegas by that critical one extra day and wanted nothing more than chocolate, air conditioning, and a place where we didn't have to hear "WOOOOOOOO! VEEEEEEEGAAAAAAAAS! WOOOOOO!" every four seconds.M&M World is four floors of every Marshall Mathers tchotchke and souvenir. M&M dispenser shaped like M&Ms? They've got 90 of them. M&M pen and paper set with erasers shaped like M&Ms? Yep. Anal beads shaped like M&Ms?  OK, I didn't see any of those, but I also didn't ask.They also have, you guessed it, M&Ms for sale by the bulk. Pick and choose your faves. Preztel M&Ms, Coconut M&Ms, peanut butter. They also have them organized by color for the OCD kid in you! You might balk at the $12.99/pound price, but honestly, a pound of M&Ms is a friggin' lot of candy.There's other stuff. There's a 3D movie (that we skipped.) There's a NASCAR car on the fourth floor. There was line dancing performed by the staff and a dancing M&M which I'm sure is a scene straight out of a bad Hunter S. Thompson trip. Most importantly, though, there's a Bank of America ATM (for those who don't want to drop the $5 ATM charge in the casinos) and a relatively disease free water fountain next to it since we are in the desert, y'know.It wasn't more than a 20 minute visit, but hey, it was a nice diversion. And I didn't hear "WOOOOOO, VEGAS, BABY, VEGAS!" once while there.
3	I haven't been here in years.  It's so colorful!  Love it!Lots of M&M prodoucts, but pretty overpriced.  Fun to look around though.  Also love the wall of colorful M's!Don't forget to watch "Lost my M" in Las Vegas!  It's the free 3D movie.
4	Every-time.. Every time I go to Vegas my friends who have kids always drag me to this epic center of M&M's to get something for the kids back home. There are 4 floors of nothing but M&M's ahhhhh. But they always find something so the trip ends up being worth it. I even kinda like it too. If you have time you should go on the 3D M&M movie tour thing that was actually kinda coo. And I always getting a small bag of overpriced M&M's in Dark Blue. I don't understand how Coca Cola world got 4 stars and M&M world got 31/2. M&M world is way better. One of their entire floors is just M&M NASCAR. A whole floor yeah. So if you are looking for the touristy las vegas gift for little ones I would definitely try this place.
3	Four floors of heaven! I love chocolate and random cute things that are useless. It's place to kill time by looking at random m&ms stuff like m&ms sock puppets (0.o) and a bunch of key chains and toys. my favorite part is taking pictures in the store. Beautiful backdrops.3 stars cuz it's hecka expensive.
4	Cute! Sensory overload, it's super bright and colorful, and just like their neighbor, The Coca-Cola store, there is every M&M branded souvenir you can possibly think of, and of course, every color and gift pack ever made. There's even a theater tucked into those 3 floors and one of the only Bank of America ATMs on the strip (3rd floor!).Located next to a fun arcade (GameWorks!) and next to the (ever so slightly) more adult novelty, Coca-Cola store, this is a must-see if you're in vegas with kids or M&M lovers !
4	Cute if you have a kid.  I didn't think it was that big but it is.  Floor and floor of M&M's.  I didn't buy anything but my friends son wanted everything.  He finally settled for a big blue stuffed M&M doll.  Anyways Im sure if I have kids and Im in Vegas I'll probably come here.
4	Things are sort of pricey here, I bought a tiny bag of M&Ms and it was like $7!!!! Jeez, I coulda just gone to Safeway to buy a huge pack. Anyway, a lot of cute keychains, pillows, clothing, and other touristy items. Definitely went there for the touristy experience rather than the actual M&Ms
3	I was super excited to come here and was hoping that there would be so many different exotic flavors of m&ms but there wasn't! There were 4 floors of basically souveneirs. Super pricey also, $12 for a pound of the m&ms. The colors were really pretty but the flavors were only the milk chocolate ones, the peanut ones, the almond, peanut butter, coconut, pretzel, and dark chocolate. Nothing too special except that the peanut and milk chocolate m&ms had a lot of different colors that you wouldn't normally see. On the last floor there is a mini theatre and every maybe 30 minutes they play a 3D movie. It was quite cute and lasted about 10 minutes. All in all, this place was okay for free entertainment but I definitely wouldn't buy anything here because it's so expensive.
2	In my opinion I thought this place would have been a little more interesting. It was just a shop full of items to buy that were pretty pricey. If you're a huge fan of M&Ms and want some M&M accessories then maybe you should go here. I'm not a huge fan of M&Ms though, so I wouldn't really want to waste my time here. I think the place is pretty cool how it's fully M&M themed and they also let you watch a free 10 minute movie. It's pretty cute how the kids react to it! :) But yeah I wouldn't recommend this place as a tourist attraction.
3	Four levels of everything M&Ms and a 3-D movie as well!  Neat place to stop in and look about, but really doubtful if you'd actually buy anything.  All the souvenirs and apparels are dang expensive.  There's also cute and funny photo ops with the different colored M&Ms characters.  Be mindful and don't get carried away with the array of different colored M&Ms silos.  Pull on the handles and you might just get more M&Ms than you wanted and it get's pricey at $12 / lbs.  Bought just under a pound and it was all gone by the next morning :(
4	This place is pretty epic. They have like a gazillion different colors of M&Ms. From blue to light blue to lighter blue to another shade of light blue to dark blue to darker blue to darkest blue to the next level shade of darkest blue, they got it all! I'm pretty sure they all taste the same though... although there are some pretzel ones and some coconut ones or peanut ones.Upstairs, they also have personalization mini M&Ms, you can print stuff onto the M&Ms, that's crazy! All of these chocolates cost a fortune though it's something like $12 a pound, I'd rather buy some steak to be honest, but this place still attracts the consumers.They have plenty of other stuff to buy as well and plenty of different M&M statues standing around the different floors.What's even cooler about this place is that they have a free movie running!! FREE! AND IT'S IN 3-D!! But it's only like ten minutes, but still cool. You get to go on an adventure with the M&Ms on their journey to get their lost 'M'. Pretty interesting.All in all, it is a pretty neat place to check out if you're on the strip of Vegas. Might as well during the day, not like there is anything else to do... besides sit at buffets for 5 hours.
3	Underwhelming is the first word that comes to mind. I think this is again the case of being spoiled living in the bay area. I wasn't too terribly impressed with M & M World. Maybe that's because I'm not a fan of M & Ms. It's 4 floors of opportunities to sell your kids over priced candy and toys. But considering you re most likely on vacation when going to Vegas I guess you're expecting the high prices. Overall, if you have kids it worth a quick stop but there are a lot of other candy stores in Vegas that I would rather spend my money on.
5	Candy wonderland, love M&M's!  I went a little crazy with all the gift buying for family, friends, co-workers, teacher, etc.  Everything was adorable.  We went up and down about four times due to M&M's performing.  I was truly the kid in a candy store, I couldn't focus.  In the meantime, my son was loading up on sugar...he filled up his bags to the max - HA!  I was glad we were there to experience it, and now we can move onto to another candy factory.
1	I love M&Ms, but I don't love them enough to deal with the insane crowds.  I only went here because my sister wanted to check the place out.  I just don't see the point of a multi-floor store dedicated to a candy.  Sorry.
4	This is an adorable and delightful store for children of all ages. The outside of the store is very inviting and lights up at night just like the casinos. Inside, if you can dream it, it is probably available to buy. Most everything is double the price you would expect it to be before you looked at the price tag though. Scattered throughout the store are opportunities to take pictures with your favorites M&M's characters. I especially love the mural/ timeline showing how the character's pictures evolved through the twentieth century. The pinnacle of the store is a small theater where you can watch a 15 minute 3D movie for free. It was all too appropriate because the basis of the movie was that Red gambled away his M at the roulette table and was trying to retrieve it. I really enjoyed watching it with my boyfriend. This is a great attraction, especially since most everything in Las Vegas is quite expensive.You'll find 3 floors of an American icon. This store is not to be missed in Las Vegas!
2	Where the heck is the M&M tour?!? I remember coming here sooo many times just to walk through the tour they had upstairs showing you how M&M's are made! It may be childish but it's probably the only reason I ever came to M&M World!For those of you that have never experienced the tour, then good for you, you don't know what your missing so I'll just go with the usual garb:Lots of M&M colors and flavorsLots of M&M crapLots of kids runnning around like sugared up trollsUtterly a boring waste of time without the tour.
5	If you find yourself on the Las Vegas Strip with kids in tow, this is definitely a great place to keep them entertained! At the top floor there is a little theater where you could watch a free 10 min 3D movie. Considering everything on The Strip is so expensive, you gotta enjoy the free things when you can!!!
2	I recently placed an order with M&Ms World. I purchased their personalized m&m's as a valentines day gift for my wife. Sounded like a neat idea... Something different... They allow you 4 different personalized m&m's in the order. I uploaded 2 photographs, and 2 personal messages. With shipping - $74.00. A lot of money, yes! But it's a special occasion, so whatever... My order was approved and I received a confirmation email.The following day, I received an email from M&M informing me that one of my photos was declined because they only accept head shots that are facing the camera. I had selected a photo of me kissing my bride on our wedding day. So naturally,  I submitted another photo. We soon overcame this minor obstacle and once again,  my order was approved.The following day I received another email. This email informed me that my order was declined again, because my message was obscene and offensive. My terribly offensive M&M message read, "Eat Me Jessica". I was a little surprised that M&M's would find this offensive. After all, it is a piece of candy, and quite literally is created with the intention of being eaten. But I'm an understanding kind of guy... so I submitted a new message, which read "Consume Me Jess". The following day I receive another email. Once again my order was declined because the message, "Consume Me Jess" could potentially be interpreted and used in a negative manner. I suppose I could have complied with their silly rules and created another message, but instead I canceled the order and bought her some Hershey Kissables. Saved myself about $70.00!!!!If you have a lot of patience, this might be a really cool idea. It is very pricey, and for the money you spend, there are a lot of restrictions. I would give their customer service 1 star. They only responded through emails and never called my phone to discuss the order.  The store sounds cool though, but I've never visited in person.
3	Same old M&M World with colorful hard shell candies everywhere. The only thing that I've found new is the 3D ride they have on the 3rd floor, is that new? I don't remember it being there before. It's a good 5-10 minutes long.Great for kids, and the sweet tooths...
4	This place is amazing! It is literally a chocolate lover's heaven. Upon entering, you feel like you are drowning in a sea of M & M's. What could be better?!? There is more M & M merchandise in there than you could ever dream of! From mugs to bedding, this place has what you are looking for. My favorite part about M & M World is going up the escalator (Lame, I know) and looking at what the M & M characters looked like in the past.. My parents always point out the ones that they remember from their childhoods, and I always point out that they told me that last time we were here.
4	It doesn't matter if you're young or old or in between, M&M World is definitely a fun place to stop by if you're on the Strip. Of course you're able to buy an assortment of candy and M&M merchandise from here; but what I really enjoy is the mini movie theater located on the 3rd floor. That's where they show their free M&M 3D movie! :D It's only 10 minutes in length. So be sure to check it out if you're in the mood for some chuckles (or if you're just looking for a dark AC place to power nap before hitting the casino again) !
3	Crowded and overpriced, but still worth a quick visit.  Take a peak at all four floors, because among the piles of junk there are a few funny and innovative ideas.  Best photo op - the M&M's candy bar with its enormous row of multicolored cannisters.
3	I'll let you all in on a little secretI FREAKING LOVE M&M'S!Peanut and almond M&M's to be exact, though I'm digging the pretzel ones now tooLay's Potato Chips have the slogan (or at least they did), I bet you can't eat just one. Well, that's how I am with M&M's. Once I open a bag I don't stop eating till there gone. I never, ever leave any for later. On one occasion (maybe it has been two or three) I bought one of those big two pound bags from Target and polished them off in one sitting.Now, if you're wondering why I'm giving this shop three stars and not more, it's because they charge WAY TOO much for their M&M's. For the price of a small bag here I could buy like four King sized bags from 7-11 or at least two of the humongous two pound bags from Target. Don't get me wrong, I love coming here just to look at all the yummy little treats and cute paraphernalia but I'm no sucker. If I want my M&M's fix I'll go to the 24 hour CVS down the street. I'm no fool.
5	this place was so kawaii! great for everyone unless you hate chocolate ! 4 floors of fun ~  : before you buy something on one floor.. STOP and go thru all the floors.. because it gets better as you go up.. and if youre on a budget you kind of regret of not getting this when you got that. lol~Customer service was great too, they were cute and so helpful and funny !
4	Cool place, they sell (obviously) M&M's in lots of colors and sizes. They also have about everything else M&M you would desire. It is kind of a maze finding your way past the products to find the escalators to asend to the upper regions. There are lots of photo opps along the way so have fun!
5	I turn into a kid again at this store!! See the 3D movie. Pick up some m&m socks or pajamas.
4	Vegas knows how to have fun, and it's places like these that add to the atmosphere. Really, all it is is floor after floor of merchandising (very overpriced merchandise, at that). Everything is just so colorful and fun! Even if you buy absolutely nothing, give this place a chance to fill your happy meter. There's a cute movie that's worth catching. I couldn't break down and give them the fifth star because of the way they are outright gauging on M & M's, really to the point of "you should be ashamed of yourselves". If you think you're gonna get an M & M craving, do yourself a favor and bring some with you from Target or something, 'cause the prices are just plain nuts (both puns totally intended). Right next door is Coca Cola world, where once again, it's all about the merchandising, but at least there, you can taste sodas from all around the world. This little complex of touristy stores (and a rock climbing wall too) deserves an hour or so of your time. Bring comfy shoes and the right attitude and just have a good time.
4	You will be surrounded by everything that is M&Ms! Yes, they might charge higher prices for their candy as opposed to your typical CVS Pharmacy or Target, but they do feature a lot of cool merchandise and even have a free 3D movie on the top level. Plus, opportunities to get photos with the characters.
1	Two words: Tourist TrapThe store was so crowded you couldn't even walk around, everything was overpriced.
4	Even though it's a tourist place, $12.99 per lb of M&Ms is a lot of money.  all souvenirs, in my opinion, were overpriced.  So I told my boyfriend to get me 2 coconut and 2 almond M&M's.  He got me 4 of each because he thought I was being cheap xD LOVED THE COCONUT M&M's!!!! There was so much to look at!  I had fun taking pictures with the M&M statues.  Preferred this over CocaCola World
3	Sure - this place is a total tourist trap, yet somehow I still manage to stop in on virtually every trip to Las Vegas. Where else can you get the elusive mystery colors not offered in stores? Even better, they recently installed a candy printer that will print the text and graphics of your choosing on a bag of m&m's while you stand and watch.Is the place a bargain? Heck no! But you're not really in Vegas for a bargain right?Be sure to walk all the way upstairs before buying anything... otherwise you may regret your purchases.
4	How can you not love this place!! This place is four floors of M&M goodness. If you go upstairs they have a machine that will personalize your M&M's for you with your name or perhaps an "I love you" or "marry me." the third floor allows you to purchase M&M's by the color of your choice so I made sure to get my pastel blue peanut ones.
3	Not really sure what I expected this to be, but it's just a huge M&M store.  If you want anything......and I mean anything with an M&M logo or looking like an M&M or literally anything this is the place go.
5	Thank you for the B of A ATM. I only got to see the floor with the ATM, but it was fun seeing all of the M & M memorabilia. I wish they had a brown M & M shirt. I wanted to buy brown and my guy was going to get red (love that commercial).
3	If you are a M&M fan come here and go crazy. They sell clothing, toys, souvenirs, and of course the M&M chocolates. However, they are overpriced M&Ms!! You can always eat the ones that fall under the rack when people are tryna fill their bag though. Just be discrete!! They are all yummy haha.
2	Fun to walk through, but damn, everything is expensive. $36 for a small, circular towel?  Wow. Save your money and buy M&M's at the regular store.  In a word, overkill.
2	I absolutely love the NYC TImes Square M&M store, so of course I had to go to the vegas one. I remember going to this store when I was a teenager and wasn't impressed, so this trip just reminded me why. The store is run down, hard to move around because of the layout and it's way too hard to actually look at the merchandise. We did stay and watch the cute 3D movie, but even then we had to contend with overcrowded room and rude people in the back. I think I'll stick to going to the M&M store in NY, it may be just as crowded as the vegas one, but atleast you can move around inside of it. Oh, and the photobooth was broken, so I paid 5 dollars to only get a picture of our eyes :(
5	Cool spot but I guess u can't let the chocolate melt. Ok!Come to Vegas about once a year and I always stop by the mm store fun to go to and my niece loves the bags. In all a good atmosphere to be in.
3	Why is everyone in love with this place?I guess it's a good experience to walk through... I thought there'd be different flavors of m&ms just plain or peanut with different colors to chose from. At Walgreens you can buy coconut, dark raspberry and mint. I'd rather go to Walgreens lol
3	M&Ms World, located on Las Vegas Blvd, has risen to the iconic status of a tourist destination. Frankly, this is just another candy store with great brand imaging to back it up.Everything is over the top and overdone at this place- reminded me of a mini version of Hersheys Chocolate Factory. The abundance of sugar everywhere can hit you in the face, enough to give you a toothache. They have every conceivable flavor of M&M available in the store. One of the walls is lined with M&M dispensers, with self-serve bags nearby, and one can help oneself to every possible type of M&M - minis, green, blue, raspberry, chocolate, aqua and a ton of other flavors. They also have several M&M keep-sakes- ranging from magnets to toys, clothes, magnets, canisters and mugs, just to name a few.First, second and fourth stories sell candy and products, while the third storey houses a theatre where one can watch a 3D M&M movie, which probably is the best part of a visit to this store. No doubts as to which audience they are targeting. This haven of sugary madness  can end up being a parent's nightmare.
5	Lovers of M&M candies must come here!  With 4 floors of M&M goodness, including a free 15 minute movie, you can't miss this spot.  Sure, there is way too much M&M clothing, housewares, toys and games for any single person to buy, but the entire spectacle is a sight to behold.  But the best part of the trip is the wall of M&M's, where you can customize your M&M mix with different colors and flavors, including the hard to find coconut.  And if you're lucky, you can take a picture with one of the M&M's.  I was lucky to have my photo op with Red.  You can also take a picture with the M&M NASCAR race car.  Too bad you can't get in it!
5	I fell happy just coming to this store.! :)Its full of color and candy...! Let me rephrase that: C H O C O L A T E...!Anything and everything you can think of or even imagine in M&M theme, four floors full of M&M love. M&M's in all the colors...! You can always take pictures and if you are lucky even with your favorite M&M character..!
4	Would be five stars but it is pricy. Got a bunch of items for the kids and managed to escape with under $100. The wall of M&M's in huge tubes was impressive. Just about any flavor and color imaginable. Four floors of everything from magnets to shirts to seat cushions. If You want something M&M to eat, wear, display, whatever, this is the place to find it.
3	This store has four floors connected by both elevator and escalator (although the top two floor escalators were not working when I went) and is located just north of the MGM Grand. It is not connected to any of the major hotels directly but the traffic there does not seem to be suffering at all for this. If you like chocolate, and like M&Ms, and really like having your picture taken with assorted M&M characters, this is the place to be. Certainly, this is one of the better places to take your children, and there were a ton of them running around. It is an expensive store and with the exception of the actual candy all, or virtually all, of the products sold here are extremely poor quality plastic pieces of junk that are guaranteed to break on you within about a week. Spend your money accordingly. Or simply spend it on chocolate, which you are likely going to enjoy more anyway. They also have a theater of sorts inside the store, but I didn't go so I can't tell you what's in it.
1	This was a super boring tourist trap.  Now that you can order any type of m + m on the internet with fancy messages and in any color, this place is overpriced and old news.
3	Even though this is definitely a tourist trap, you have to see it if you are an m&m fan. Cute place, lots of merchandise to choose from and full of cheer!v  the workers there are very nice. Store gets very crowded so be sure to bring your patience. There's 4 floors!
5	Anyone who knows me knows I have an unhealthy obsession with M&M's. Really, I do. I always have some stashed away somewhere, my office has candles, mugs, pens, etc, and I always have some on my coffee table. I am an M&M addict. When my friends and I went to Vegas they were all excited about the hotels, casinos, drinks, etc; but not me...I was excited for the M&M store and all its glory! The store just makes me smile. What could be better than an entire store of candy paraphernalia? Upon entering the store it was very hilarious because one of my friends noticed the escalator and realized it was 4 stories! She dipped out pretty quickly. I was like a 5 year old in the store. Touching everything and taking pics with just about anything and everything I could. I wonder if this is what heaven is like?!?! I began to browse the store alone, I think my 4 other friends decided to wait outside. I went floor by floor and enjoyed every moment of this visit. It was really crowded and I could tell it would take a long time to get through the entire store, but I didn't care. I found pillows, coozies, pajamas, and the NASCAR M&M car (Elliot Sandler used to drive it and he was my favorite). What an exciting moment! By the time I got to the 3rd floor I got a phone call from my friend who was outside, she informed me that Red and Yellow were outside taking pictures with people! I wasn't going to miss that opportunity! I quickly changed direction, knocked some kids over, and ran downstairs as fast as I could! I saw them. Red and Yellow in person! It was surreal. I needed a picture and I got plenty! Thanks Red and Yellow. I wish I could have gotten both of them in the same pic, but when I asked if they could do that they said it wasn't in their contract?!?! Ok whatever. Single pics are fine too. Overall, this store is magnificent. Any M&M color you can imagine is on their wall. They have tons of gift items and even had registers on every floor to make for a speedy checkout! It was impressive and I can't wait for my next visit to another location! Watch out!
3	Holy M&M overload.  Despite the ridiculous number of tourists jammed into this tight, oddly laid out structure M&M world can be kind of fun.  They have an impressive display wall of different colored and flavored M&M varieties available for purchase as well as an inumerable amount of themed souvenirs.Cute place to take the kids.
3	Even if you aren't crazy about M&M's like me, this was a nice little "free" attraction on the strip.  Has four stories of merchandise - top floor has a race car that you can take your picture with.  They have a free movie, however, it was broken while we were there so no show for us.  = (  Prices were a bit steep, but in line with Vegas standards ($10 for a baby bib, $28 for shirts, etc).  The red M&M was out on the sidewalk for photos.  We thought it was a stuffed animal at first because it didn't move and interact with the kids.  We asked and was told that it was a costumed character.  Not sure if it's just hard to move around in there or they weren't really into their job.  All in all, a nice 20 minute walk through attraction.
3	When I first got to Vegas, one of my friends told me about this place and I decided to check it out while everyone else was gambling in the casinos. Located on The Strip, this place is really easy to find and spot (especially with the giant M&M characters outside). Even though I'm more or less indifferent about M&M's (unless they're the crunchy mint ones I've only had in Asia), I was astounded by the wall of M&Ms of all colors and sizes. It was like an M&M rainbow! There were all sorts of flavors as well, each kind with a variety of colors. However, I was disappointed because there weren't any free samples around and I thought a place like this would have some for the tourists.There are other things if you're not into the M&M chocolates, such as shot glasses, t-shirts, mugs, etc. There was a short 3D M&M movie showing upstairs as well, but it was only okay, nothing too spectacular. My friend and I mostly decided to watch the movie because it was nice and cozy in there and we needed a small shut-eye, haha.I ended up buying a small bag (self-serve style) with different textures and flavors, including ones with pretzels or peanuts, and ones flavored with raspberry, coconut, and peppermint. However, that one small bag (couldn't have been more than two small handfuls) ended up costing me $10. Really? M&Ms for $10? And later when I went to Wal-Mart back in SD, I found all the flavors that I'd painstakingly picked at this store, neatly packaged and at less than half the price I'd paid at this M&M's World. Overall, neat place to check out, but a huge rip-off. I'm not sure if I'll come here again if I return to Vegas because this, to me, is a one-time only thing.
4	There is a free show/ 3D movie.  Lots of merchandise to purchase.  There are several floors in this buildings, you can purchase your items on any floor.
3	OMG... So many M and Ms! It's like the world of color but for M and Ms! Seriously, if you are a fan of M&Ms you have to come here, they have pretzel, almond, mini, and every single color, the only M&M they are missing is Eminem the rapper! This store has all kinds of M's goodies, from cups, to clothes, and all kinds of wonderful gifts. I'm not the biggest fan of M's but I was still blown away with all 3 levels of Ms. However, the products are pretty overpriced, but I guess you're paying for the novelty of having a M's slot machine XD. Overall, a little bit too pricy for me, but a must see for all M's fans.
4	Wow, who doesn't love this place!  We wanted every color and every flavors, so we shall have them.  Our loot, two bags of rainbow colored happiness.
3	Meh. Not as fun as I hoped it would be. Basically 4 floors of overly expensive M&M crap. I was hoping for more history and interactive fun.It looks like they have a free 3D film but when we came there was an out of order sign.
4	This place is awesome. They have four floors of fun for people to buy all different kinds of M & M's merchandise. They have a machine that can customize what your M & M's say, they have a theater that shows a free ten-minute 3D film, and they have a wall of different colored M & M's. They show you on the escalator the different decades of M & M's characters. It is indeed a world of its own. It's a tourist trap. It's fun for the family. I have been there three times and can't resist to keep going back. They have mint flavored, raspberry flavored, peanut butter flavored, dark, and coconut flavored M & M's. It's really exciting, colorful, and a somewhat peaceful chaos.
5	The 2nd best place in Vegas!  The M&M's is amazing!  LOVE IT.  period
4	it's very clean here and they have some kind of show on the top floor :) i like looking at every color of the M&M's on the walls...soooo beautiful. of course...i didn't buy any because it's soooo expensive! however...i find it ridiculous that they can make ANYTHING and sell it as souvenir. . .  the only thing that i paid for here is 51 cents. for that penny stamp machine.. ^_^
4	A little too crowded, but it was still really fun. Loved the mural on the wall going up the escalator that shows the M&M's changing over the years. It's filled with pricey merchandise that we walked right past to get to the good stuff.They had a lot of flavors I'd never seen before, so it was fun to try everything. A girl gave us a raspberry sample that was really good. I felt kind of sick afterwards because I went a little overboard - I recommend getting a few individual baggies and saving them for later.
4	Lotta fun! But, so expensive common people! Its chocolate! :) I had a great time taking the samples but, I rather gamble that money then buy chocolate. Very colorful store with lots of M&M gear and accessories. I wouldn't buy anything though unless they work with the economy..on another thought I would if I had children maybe? eh
5	If you are a fan of chocolate, you will love this. And you can personalize your own m&m's. Only the milk chocolate, but you can buy any flavor, any color you want. And any thing that can have the M&M logo, does, and it is sold here.
4	Another pricy joint, but if your into collecting anything M&M, this is your place, especially for the kids. Its just like the Coke store.TC
4	It's pretty simple.If you like chocolates, stop by here.If you like M&Ms, definitely stop by here.I like chocolate M&Ms (black bag), PB M&Ms (red bag), almond M&Ms (tan bag), peanut M&Ms (yellow bag.. [that yellow guy is my favorite]), pretzel M&Ms (blue bag), and the mint M&Ms (teal bag).  I could eat M&Ms like potato chips - endlessly dangerous because it's so hard to maintain your weight if you have a sweet tooth like me but the thing was, it's even more dangerous to maintain your weight in Vegas; what w/ all the food joints and buffets and all.  It's a cute store if you are into M&Ms but I don't think I'll be sporting an M&Ms t-shirt anytime soon.  I think years from now when I take the kids, I'll be the only one giddy to be inside this place.  Chocolate oh chocolate... you have been there for me during my so-called depression (when I'm down) and you make the best out of every meal that I have you (dessert and sometimes I order dessert first)... will you marry me?  I know you will never let me down.P.S. I'll be going to the gym everyday until the day I die.  I just know it.
3	It's interesting how the World of Coca-Cola was boring but M&M's World was great.  There was so many products to choose from that I wouldn't think a company would create... from boxers to purses to posters to pajamas.  But I had to limit the GF from overspending.  Though it eventually it becomes repetitive with four floors of products.
3	Being from Southern California, I fully understand that there are A LOT of people with A LOT more money than my average American family has. So, obviously, by the existence of this place, it's clear there are enough people with more money than I to keep this place in business.Be warned though, for my other average income peers:Coming in here with my 6 year old was full of "I wants" from her & "Sorry but no, baby" from me. It's 4 floors of colorful, edible, chocolately, & delightful kids heaven! It's also full of hefty price tags considering the merchandise! The M&M's are about triple-quadruple the price of the same M&M's you buy in the bag at a regular store. Be smart & bring a bag of M&M's from 7/11 with you, so when your kid asks you for $12 in M&M's, you can whip out your $3 bag with the same amount in it and provide instant snacking without even having to wait in the long line!The plastic junk, the stuffed animals you don't need, and all the other junk though, is not so easy. It's not the kind of expensive where you can't afford it, it's the kind of expensive that you just don't want it.  I'm simply not spending $28 on a stuffed M&M that will end up in the large pile of other stuffed animals in my kids room, nor am I buying a $29 pair of PJ's. Their prices might be doable at half what they are, but at their current prices I'd rather use that money to catch an extra show while in Vegas instead of more junk!All in all, I guess it's a must see with your kids; it is a very cute, colorful store. But if your not a collector & you don't need anymore useless over priced junk,  & you have a regular ol' income like me, I would suggest you have one of those talks where you prepare your kids that we aren't buying anything here, just taking in the experience, and have that pre-bought bag of M&M's ready! I didn't do this prior to & ended up spending $9 on a tiny bag of candy & $12 for another plastic junk cup that won't fit in my cupboard!
4	I love going here! I know it's on the Strip so it's busy, but I still enjoy dropping in here when I have friends visiting. Before I moved here, my parents took me to check it out. They have great movie posters with M&M Characters instead of the actual ones, and those always make me laugh. I enjoy the little 'movies' they show as you go through and make it seem like a tour. lol
3	my kids had a blast in here.  there were expensive souveniers...but if you are smart and check the sale racks there are some bargains.  M&M's were ridiculously expensive!!!  i'd rather buy mine at 7-eleven up the street.  the 3-D movie was free and cute...but the glasses need to be replaced...we had to hold them away from our face and squint to see clearly (ish)...oh well...it was an experience and something to do with the kiddos.  i took them to McDonalds for ice cream after...$2 for 2 cones ..much better deal than anything in the M&M storedon't get me wrong...it was fun and a must see if you've never been...enjoy
3	I love coming to this place, but the prices are so outrageous. Understanble that the store location, the building itself, and all the employees costs money... but come on!I do come here every couple of years due to requests of the young ones. It has a beautiful store and lots of selection of merchandise. If you're an M&M addict, you have to stop by. If you're not, go down the street for half the price.
5	Ever thought about anything M&M besides the candy? Well it just might be here! Love M&M's World! The exterior and graphics are so amazing! The place itself is So much fun and so entertaining! Great products for gifts! They have every kind of M&M's you could want! For kids...They show M&M mini movies on a certain floor! Nothing too hate about this place..it's cool!
4	When my boyfriend told me we were heading out to Las Vegas, I swear on my high heels, the first thing I asked was "CAN WE GO TO M&M WORLD?!?!". Ok, it came out more like a squeal/scream, but still. I'm a huge candy dork. Like way too much. In a weird way. I would rather go to Hershey, PA than Epcot. Also, I'm old and one of my favorite candies were the crispy M&M's, and the M-Azing bar. Both are m&m candies, and both have left a hole in my heart (and in my stomach).  Ok, so there's no such thing as M-Azing bars anymore, but I did find out that Crispy m&m's are available in Australia (looks like that's my next vacation!).Other than that, the whole store is really neat, and the staff isn't jaded or creepy, they're actually really nice. One lady offered to take multiple pictures for us and was super sweet about it the whole time.I knocked a star for the price, the crowd factor, and the fact that there were no crispies (how do you call yourself M&M WORLD if you don't include all the world's m&ms???).But employees are fantastic, the trinkets are neat, and if I would have had to buy silly souvenirs for people, I'd definitely pick them up here.
4	....Dear God.M&M's everywhere.  All over the place.  In every colour.  And every possible combination.  And lots of M&M related gear.  OH MY!The place is multiple stories tall, with different merchandise on each floor.  I had M&M overload while looking for a gift for my girlfriend.One whole back wall was filled with tubes of M&Ms of only a single colour.  Silver, black, magenta, white....whatever you want, you can get it here.  And pick out your own sack of them.Granted, they're much more expensive than a local grocery store.  And they taste exactly the freaking same.But seriously, you're in Vegas to spend (lose) money...why not do it on a novelty item like this?Kids love this place.  Even at 10:00 at night, the place was slammed.  I mean, really!
4	Discovered the 4-story M&M World store while lost on the Strip. So many flavors, so little extra stomach area. Wish I had the kids when I went. I'm pretty sure I dreamed of M&M's that night!
4	Awesome and huge store with 4 floors of everything you can think of possible.  Pajamas, clothes, kitchen & cook wear, jewelry, toys, stationary, and of course every type of M&M in every color possible!
4	If you love M&M -- oh lord, you will love this place. 3 levels of all things that are multi-colored and chocolate covered. I am just praying that a theme park isn't next.Stopped in with the kids (that is the only reason for this dain bramage) - they couldn't believe their eyes, I had to hold them back.I guess it is better spending money then loosing it at the craps tables.TIP - Middle of the week equals less crowds - DUH!
4	If you love M&M's and all items that have to do with it, this 4-story store is a 5 star place for you!  They carry candy in all kinds of unique colors, such as pearl, navy blue, black, and  whole lot more.  There's also mini-sized, peanut, and peanut butter M&M's.  There's also apparel, expensive figurines, dinnerware, candy dispensers,  pillows, and a whole lot more.  There's even a little threatre.The employees clap as they greet you upon entering the store...well, at least at opening time.  Yes, things are pricey, but this is Vegas & it looks like there's only 5 locations in the world.  Overall, it's a fun store.  I got some candy in some unique colors.
4	I like this store. It has everything you could possibly think of themed M&M. 3 floors of stuff you never knew existed. The downside is that everything is priced for tourists, even the M&M candies that are on the wall. They cost a ton more than in the bag from a store but you can pick your colors. The other downside is that it can get crazy and crowded during a busy week and it's very hard to navigate through the store.
3	We always make a point to come here and I do enjoy the 4 floors of M&M fun but I wish they would make more of an effort like they used to to make each floor unique. These days, you really don't find anything on floor 4 that isn't on floor 1 so that kind of takes away from the experience. The downside is that it gets super crowded and to charge $12.99 for pound of M&M's is just a crime. Maybe this is what the Republicans were thinking of when they used the term "legitimate rape" this year.
3	This place is good for finding anything M&M related. I usually go here with my brother as we go around to different places on the strip. The Coca Cola factory is also next door and there used to be a Gameworks, but it ended up closing down. There are 4 floors: First: keychains, bracelets, and other small trinketsSecond: clothing, large M&M dispensers (lots of colors), cups, and other accessoriesThird: "I Lost My M in Vegas" mini 3D show (lasts about 15-20 minutes), holiday themed gifts, personalization station for M&M candies (really expensive), mouse pads, gold club covers, and much moreFourth: candies, there is a racecar, and more stuffYou should visit this place at least once if you have never done so. They sometimes have an employee wearing a costume so be sure to take a picture with them! This is a great place to take your family and kill some time. I only gave it 3 stars because they don't really change much so if you have been here once, you've seen it all.
5	M&M's World is on the strip by MGM.  It's not as big as the one in New York, but it's comparable with 4 stories of gift items.  On the 3rd floor, bf and I had personalized m&m"s within minutes.
4	This was a really fun place to visit.  It is 4-story store.  They have everything you could ever think of related to M&M's.  If you sign up for free alerts you get 20% off of your entire purchase.  The kids really enjoyed this store.
5	I love M&M's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was super excited to go to this store! They have four awesome floors of M&M themed stuff, I went crazy and bought a few things. They have a mini movie showing on one of the top floors which I thought was cute! I took a bunch of pictures. It was awesome!
4	I'm not really a fan of chocolate (gasps everywhere!), but I have to say that this place is very nice. There's multiple floors for any M&M chocolate fan to enjoy the merchandise and also buy as many M&Ms they want by the pound.This is a great site to stop when you're in Vegas. I consider it as one of Vegas' nice tourist stops for families, friends, and especially chocolate lovers.
3	The kids love this place. As expected, everything M&M, four floors! A little overpriced if it where anywhere else, but in Las Vegas the prices are reasonable.
5	Such a lovely store!This is your perfect spot during the hot summer months because they naturally have air conditioning but they also have interesting stuff to browse around the store.Staff are always nice. They have 4 floors dedicated to M&Ms. So cool!On top of each hour (or is it every 20 or 30 minutes?), they offer a short 15-minute fun film on the third floor about M&Ms. I would recommend it to tourists, especially those who have young children.You may not want to purchase anything here, but it is at least worth of your time and visit!
2	Not sure what all the excitement is about here ... just a bunch of M&M branded junk.  Walked in and walked right back out.  LOL.
4	It's fun to visit this store once in awhile.  If you are a fan of M&M's, then you must visit this place!  The store is located beside MGM Grand on the Strip.  It has four floors filled with M&M merchandise!  So they have pretty much everything one could ever want related to M&M candies and characters.It's worth visiting especially if you have children or just like M&M candies.
3	I remember liking this place a lot when I was a teenager so, I took my friend from out-of-town here.  They have four floors of anything M&M's. Magnets, pins, pens, note pads, shirts, bags, mugs, luggage tags, picture frames, socks, shorts, jackets, etc.  The 3rd floor has the theater and the 4th floor has Nascar items.They have M&M's of different colors (pink, teal, lavender, silver, gold, black, white, etc.) and kinds (plain, peanut, etc.).  You can even customize them.My friend was excited about going here but ended up not buying anything.  I was not as thrilled as I was when I first went here.  But I can see kids enjoying this place.
3	One of the few kid oriented errr sell you lots of stupid swag places in lost wages... ohhh wait... who goes here in the first place? Do people really have interest in M&Ms???  Well for me I think ima pass ... ohhh chit everyone is going in... I guess I will go inside and try and find entertainment through people watching... It definitely wasn't by choice that I came here... *SMH*Alrighty then... just as I was afraid of... its M&M swag central... can I have some free samples at least? Ughhh... PLEASE MAKE IT STOP? Do I really need to find colors of M&Ms that do not exist outside of Willy Wonkas factory for sale to the public? PRO TIP: AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! Wait a minute... maybe im on an acid flashback trip... those colors are grooooooooovieeeeeeeeyyyy... wait a minute how can I be on a flash back when I haven't taken acid ever... ohhh man... what was in that sample...  holy chit giant M&Ms are coming to eat me!!!  Run hurry move it ... ohhhhhhh noooooooo!!! PSA: So yeah if you feel compelled to buy things you don't need and won't wear ever again... don't come here!Well I finally made it out of that pysho room and back to normal swag rooms... t shirts, hats, plush toys... OHHH look rednekz it's a NASCAR reproduction of the M&Ms sponsored ride... go take a picture or see if you can put it in your suitcase... wouldn't it look good up on blocks in front of the trailer with all the dogs shading underneath it?On that note... yeah this was obviously not my type of fun. Granted its nice looking out the 4th story windows at the ants errrr M&Ms errrr people down below...
2	Nice to look at, but it's much more crowded and everything's more expensive than the NYC location.
4	good
4	Parents, here's the breakdown:Taking kids to M&M World will cost you.  big time.4 levels of goodies;  expect about 1/2hr and $50 each level.  Nothing is cheap in the land of colored chocolate Ms.  The crowds alone will make you weep.   Your child will not want to leave.  It is more insane than Vera Wang spring sale during wedding season.But your child will remember it for a lifetime. Good thing, too, because you'll be paying it off for about as long.
2	As you can probably tell, this place is chock full of M&M swag.  It's a great place to take kids.  Since we had ours with us on our recent Las Vegas trip, we brought her here.  She liked the place well enough, and found some souvenirs for her friends.There wasn't much here to appeal to me, though I liked the looks of the wall o' M&M dispensers.  You could choose from a huge variety of colors and flavors.  I'm not a big M&Ms fan, but the pretzel version caught my eye.  I was surprised how expensive the self serve items cost, and even more surprised to find out my pretzel M&Ms were stale.Not cool!
4	Crowded with tourist like ourselves. Lot's of small children and strollers. Lot's of parents forcing their children to pose with this or that for photos. Dancing M&M up stairs. Fun. Everything you can imagine with M&Ms printed on it. We probably won't go back because we aren't big M&M fans, and don't travel with kids we need to force kid-friendly entertainment on while on the strip. But I would recommend it to those of you with a few rugrats and extra bucks in your wallet.
4	This is a fun store with 4 levels of interesting, yet overpriced, M&M logo-d stuff.  I paid about $10 for a small plastic heart-shaped container with a few ounces of M&Ms, just to give you an idea.  It can get pretty crowded on the first and second floors, but the top levels appeared to be empty.  Interesting store to visit every now and then.
3	If you can imagine it, it's here with an M&M logo or characters stamped on it.This is commercialism cranked to 11. Seeing consumerism go overboard repulsed me somewhat. I mean, I love M&Ms but this was just too much. While I thought it was cool to see the candy section filled with M&Ms of dozens of unusual colors, I couldn't get past the fact that they were priced far higher than a bag you could pick up at any grocery store. Different M&M colors aren't worth a higher price in my opinion.Tourist prices for a touristy store. But from the crowds that jam into this multi-level structure, it is obvious that people love spending their money on stuff covered with M&M commercial branding.
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Regardless of what age you are, this is one of the awesome things to see. 2 floors of M&M related merchandise from socks, cups, PJ's and baseballs...and everything in between. They have a huge wall of every color of M&M's with shades in between for any theme of occasion. Personally I am more interested in the M&M merchandise than I am in the candy itself as it usually melts within 5 minutes of walking down the strip, therefore, outside the novelty it's only good for immediate consumption. It's a retail tourist trap, however, I love it. It's always busy and the store is always filled with children whose parents don't know how to discipline them. I always hear at least two crying kids 'cause they didn't get what they wanted. Customer service is more miss than hit and they really need to work on hiring people who can deal with large crowds, lots of questions and tourists.
4	smells like chocolatem&ms in all crazy colors! lots of kids running around
5	I really enjoyed my visit to this store. I'm addicted to the peanut M&M's so this was very exciting to me! Ok we all have a favorite color and mine is the orange M&M. So I ran around like a little child looking at all things M&M and in search of the orange M&M. I got a few tee-shirts and it was so much fun. This place is back to back wall to wall M&M's I forget how many floors maybe 3 or 4 we just kept going up and up and up. If was so fun because on your way up it was just as fun on your way down. I don't know how they do it. But I swear if you see something on your way up well, you see a lot of different other things you didn't see on your way up on your way down. The people who love M&M's are friendly their was no pushing and being unfriendly and I cant wait to return to this location and buy cool stuff to put under my tree for Christmas. The staff are fun and you can tell they love they jobs happy people great shopping and M&M's oh yeah! Five stars from me! Plus a huge must return.
3	Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate!!! Good place to browse but we usually go to the drug store around the corner to buy some chocolate.  Always super packed during the weekend so be prepared to hold on to your childrens.  if you are a huge m&m fan you can find some cool clothing, towels, lunch boxes, etc..  If not it is still a fun place to fool around and take random pictures!  Who doesn't want to pose with a huge ass chocolate bar??
4	It's fun to buy M&Ms in colors you don't find elsewhere. I'm puzzled as to why the only peanut butter M&M's are the large kind, and why the whole range of flavors aren't presented in the wall display.  I guess some marketing decisions I just won't understand.  This is a fun visit for first-time Las Vegans and for kids, but nothing seems to happen here, so there isn't much reason to come back unless you want to pay a lot for pastel-colored M&Ms.
3	This place is fun for the kid in all of us. If you go, skip all the souvenirs and prepackaged merchandise and get thee to the area where you can fill a bag with your choice of m&m favorites!That is definitely the highlight for me, and I highly recommend grabbing a bag and filling it with almond m&ms, peanut m&ms, rasberry m&ms, peanut butter m&ms, and pretzel m&ms. Avoid the coconut m&ms at all costs!! Unless, of course, you like the coconut m&ms. I admit, it may look a little silly seeing a 30 year old woman shove her way past kids into the "make your own mix" section of the store. Unfortunately for your children, I don't care and we're all equals in that particular time and place. At least I don't use elbows, right? Right???If you're anything like me, 1.5 pounds of m&m goodness should last about 2 days for one person. If you aren't like me, then too bad for you.
4	This is a nice place to visit if you haven't been here yet or if you have kids. It's basically a 4-level store with all the products you can think of with the M&M logo. From shirts, towels, hats, pillows, plates, cups, backpacks, magnets, pencils, slot machine toys, toy trucks, chocolate dispensers, to chocolates in whatever containers and colors you can think of, this store has it all! A tourist trap if you will but if you're smart enough to come here for some clean fun, then this place can really be enjoyable without having to spend a single cent. My favorite part here is their "My M&M My Color" section where tubes and tubes of chocolates are on display in so many different colors. It's fun to watch everyone go crazy for this. From time to time I give in to my urge to buy some =) For the kids and kids at heart, they also have a free 3D screening in their mini theater on the 3rd floor which is quite entertaining. Check it out!
3	Nice tour and "shut up and take my money".
3	SO many tourists ambling around without looking up at their surroundings. Mildly annoying, but that's how things go on the Strip for the locals.If you really, really love M&Ms, this place has every conceivable item available adorned in branding. Seriously, if you need a leather M&M Nascar jacket, encrusted in crystals? GOT IT. If you casually eat M&Ms when someone offers you some, they have a cool M&M wall dispensary where you can mix and match flavors and colors. I think it was $12-15 a pound.M&M World is worth stopping in as it's free and cool. If you're stopping in from out of town, please put your phone down or move to the side to finish posting your photo!
4	Overall rating is more like 4.5 stars out of 5.My wife and I went to this place on 05/17/13 during our Vegas trip because of all the awesome reviews and feedback we received from friends and colleagues.Let me just say that my wife and I agreed, that their reviews of this place was spot on. I mean this place has four levels of awesome gifts, candy, clothing, toys, and more.Each floor seems to have something unique. For example the second floor has a wall of tubes witch holds old M&Ms and new M&Ms that are only sold here. The third floor has a 3D M&M movie theater which shows a free 10 minute 3D movie (Pretty cool to check out if you have kid(s)).I mean this place has alot to offer. Another cool tidbit is they have cash registers on each floor which helps eliminate the possibility of waiting in a long line.I'll say that my only gripes are that you tend to find duplicate items on the different floors. I guess I expected to see all unique items on different floors (Not 100% convinced yet that this is bad but I'll say it is for now since I was expecting each level to have all unique items).My last gripe is that because of the popularity of M&M World you can find yourself running into a lot of rude people. People who don't have the common courtesy to say sorry, excuse me, or thank you. Now I know that the store has nothing to do with that but this is the sort of thing you can experience going into this place so I thought I would add this in my review as part of my experience and a heads up to anyone deciding to visit this place.In the end this place is still a must visit if you find yourself in Vegas. It is an absolute must if you have kid(s) because they will love it unless they have some sort of phobia with M&Ms.I feel that any Yelper in the area that hasn't been should most definitely come check this place out.
3	I've been to several M&M Worlds already, but this one is kind of cute. Five floor ups, there are collectibles on the top floor if you're a fan. For me, the best thing that stood out was the theater on the third floor and all the M&M parody movie posters. There was a free showing of one of their 3D movie when I was there and it was very cute (Red gambled away his M). Other than that, it's just a really big M&M store. Yay for candied chocolates!
5	I love this place 4 story building of all M&M merchandise. There are only 4 of these stores in the world and this one is cool. I love the unique items you can only find in a M&M world store
4	Yelpers, why so mean to the iconic M&M's. I particularly relate to the Yellow one, he's a little chubby, a little dumb, and if one of the M&M's were an alcoholic, I'm pretty sure it would be him. The store itself is a tourist trap and that seems to be the problem people have with it. Isn't Vegas a tourist trap? Isn't Vegas full of high prices? Nevertheless, M&M's World consists of 4 levels of M&M's utopia with tons and tons of merchandise to be pushed, from toys to clothing and of course candy. I particularly like the history of the candy as you go from level to level on the escalator. I believe there's even a theater that screens a M&M's documentary, but I'm always pressed for time. I bumped it down one star for the touristy prices. A must go for children..and adults.
5	Classic place to go to if you are a tourist!They have a 10 minute 3D film on the top floor and quality M & M clothing selections!Of course, they also have M & M chocolate candies, toys and other miscellaneous products for you to browse around and look at!
4	Visited June 2013I love how it smells like chocolate in here! :)  M&Ms are 12.95 a pound to choose your own colors. You can go down to 1/4 pound for 3 something.   The 3D movie is free and very cute, if not a little too loud. I could spend all day looking but items are a bit pricey.
3	Gigantic tourist trap, but I suppose it's fun for the kids. Pretty much M&M logos plastered on every item imaginable, but the wall of M&Ms is pretty impressive. If you only want a few candies, get them somewhere else, as waiting in the lines to check out can take a while, and $12.99/lb for M&Ms isn't a great deal. Good to go to at least once, I suppose.
4	Free samples by the dispensers!!!Cool spot to take the kids, get outta the heat, and watch a free 3D movie.
4	I like coming to M&M World to get a bag of the M&Ms you can't get elsewhere. You can get different colors and they have raspberry, which I haven't seen in stores. The others they have are peanut, peanut butter, pretzel, dark chocolate, regular milk chocolate, mint, raspberry. They also have special mixes of color combinations. It's not cheap, but it's just one of those things to do if you haven't been before and grab some souvenirs. They have 4 floors of products! Good place to stop by to get out of the heat as you're walking the strip in summer.
5	Why would anyone give a bad rating to this M & M store?4 floors of chocolatey goodness and cute memorabilia... you can't go wrong.I really enjoyed the 3rd floor where they have the counter where you can personalize your m & m's.And really... nothing says I love you more than personalized Happy Anniversary m & m's :-)they package them up and as long as you store them correctly, they're good for 1 year.  Perfect!  Just in time to get next year's anniversary chocolates!
5	M&m world is amazing usually my first stop every time I come to Vegas great souvenirs and they even have a free 3D movie that's great too you can even write on your M&M's!
4	Tourist trap! And it caught us!4 floors of stuff; however all the floors seem to sell the same gifts.
3	Loved the little 3D show they had here, other than that the MMs were overpriced & it'd most likely melt in the Vegas sizzling weather anyways.
3	This store catches everyones attention almost right away with the big red and yellow M&Ms hanging from the side of the building almost like the gatekeepers of the pearly white gates of M&M's heaven. I will say that the store has multiple levels of visual coolness factor to it, but other than that, its a big store filled with overpriced M&M's and M&M's merchandise. Like I said, the store looks cool and all but don't expect much more. The kiddos love it, just prepare to spend a good chunk of change. Tourist trap for sure.
3	Like with the Coca-Cola store next door, this is a good place to take the family if you're looking for a break from the Vegas heat.  Didn't find this store as interesting as the Coca&Cola store however.  Mostly just OVERPRICED merchandise - clothing, different colored M&Ms, personalized M&Ms, etc.  None of which I had any interest in. As one of the boys commented, "I could just go to Walmart and buy a big bag of M&Ms for half the price!"  The boys (15 and 18) did like looking at the race car on the top floor.  And the girls (3 years old) liked playing with the plastic M&M characters around the store.  There was also a theater showing a short (10 minute) M&M movie, but we skipped that.
1	From reading their website I guess I just expected more.  This was just a uber overpriced M and M gift shop.  The 3D movie they said they had was closed.  The entire place smells like M and Ms which is cool for about 30 seconds.  You can personalize some M and Ms for I think like $20 for a 4 oz or so cup, which I guess would be a cool gift if you knew someone into that type of thing.  They also have huge tubes of bulk M and Ms, most are just color variations on the classic candy, but they do have a few unique flavors like mint, coconut, and raspberry.  The problem is the candy costs I think $14 a pound.  We got some to try the weird flavors, but I couldn't help thinking how many packs of M and Ms I could have purchased for that price.  I also couldn't help thinking I wish I was one of the people "tasting and sampling" the candy while the working wasn't looking, which is what I would suggest to anyone else that goes.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE, 4 floors of cool things to buy for family and friends and a great place to bring your kids. =) really nice people that work here too!!!!
4	Definitely one of those must go see places in Vegas but a bit pricey. But I do love M&M's so can't resist going here.
4	We took our 4 year old son here as we were departing LV for his birthday.  He was in pure heaven.  I do not let him indulge in candyOften, however since it was his birthday weekend, why not!?He made a M & M souvenir penny, bought a blue M & M shirt, a slot machine, a variety of M & M s, a candy sword and even took a picture with the Yellow M & M.All in all it was a great experience for him and even better for me as I was happy to see him happy.  It was a little pricey, but what do you expect it's M & M world.
2	As expected, it's 4 floors of M&M's merchandise.  Fun for families, I'm sure. YAWN for a group of adult women. The place smells good.
4	3rd floor: 3D movie "I Lost My M in Vegas" (don't worry, Red gets it back).  4th floor: the relocated home of the wall of colored candies.  Was most looking forward to this space - c'mon, how often do you see platinum, gold and silver M&Ms, but at $12.99 a pound, I stopped short.  Colors are pretty, but I can get two bags for $5 at Target, and they taste the same.  (As for the final color, this a family-friendly review.)Not overly crowded for a Thursday pre-Labor Day weekend, and once you dodged the tweens on their phones (no doubt posting status updates of "I'm at M&M World, whee!"), not at all terrible.The midget picked up a few items, was permitted to retain half of her wish list, and checked out fairly quickly, and only $21 lighter for the experience.
3	Stepping into M&M's World is like waking up in chocolate heaven -- four floors of chocolate heaven, that is.If you're coming in from the Strip, you'll see the attraction's charming front window display. Once you step inside this M&M's wonderland, you'll instantly feel the energy with the bright colors, upbeat music and playful M&M's memorabilia. On the main floor, choose from a variety of charms, mugs, personalized key chains and just about every souvenir imaginable.This store is cute and I do like M&M's especially the ones with peanuts! It has pretty much anything you could think of M&M's along with the ridiculous inflated price attached to it. They really have a huge selection of M&M merchandiseWe happened to walk in as the blue M&M was dancing along with the store employees to "Gangnam Style" which was cute and had the crowd of customers going.
4	Willy Wonka either built this place or currently lives here.... It has 4 floors of wall to wall M&M's everything... I found it to be an overwhelming place to pick up souvenirs of anything M&M's emblazoned. Short walk from NYNY and an even shorter crawl from MGM. I was able to easily pick out gifts for younger cousin who has been wanting items from this store. I was able to buy personalized notepads with her name on them, colored pens, colored markers and M&M's flavored/colored lip balm.Did I mention it has FOUR floors?? The top floor has a station to customize names/messages on actual M&M's. How sweet is that?!? There's a theater on the third floor.... Gifts of all kinds. Everything you can think of and more. I wish there were free samples... HA! Like the Coca-Cola museum/store next door used to have. Service was friendly. Place is always busy as is any family friendly place that opens out onto the Strip.
5	Every M&M color imagineable!! Love this place!
4	love this place!my friends and i always stop here and at the coke place next door while we're at vegas. we go for the m&m's and the free show. we also come for the pictures with the wacky stuff around. :]oh, also! my boyfriend bought me one of the champagne bottles filled with mini m&m's and i finished it by myself. i love me some mini m&m's.it's like chocolate heaven there.
4	This place is very cool!! It's a must stop when you come to Vegas. We were there about two months ago and at the top of the complex they had a live music show with the M & M characters dancing it's a great place to take the kids. There are several levels of the store with everything and anything you could imagine M&M. The prices are a bit high but you come to expect that is a tourist city.It's located right near the MGM and across the street from NY/NY. They have a full size Nascar M&M car upstairs and you will want to bring a camera and money..
2	There are some places in Vegas that you always have to visit when you're there, this isn't one of those places for me. I took my 4 yr old nephew here to buy him some Nascar stuff for his birthday because Kyle Busch is his favorite driver. Out of the 4 floors of M&M propaganda, there was only a small corner on the 4th floor dedicated to Nascar! Wth? Not only is Kyle one of the top drivers but he's from Las Vegas for crying out loud! They should've had a whole Nascar floor! Aside from that, the "make your own bag of colored M&Ms for $12.99/lb" was fun for the kids, not so much for my wallet. There were so many people in this place & I was on sensory overload pretty much the whole time I was here. Glad I went for the experience but don't plan on going again anytime soon.
3	Yes, this is a very cool place.  Lots to choose from if you are a chocoholic.  There was some construction going on inside when we arrived and they blocked off one of the floors.Service is excellent.  They are very quick to assist you and help you find anything.  And they usually have the M&M person dressed up upon entry to greet you or dance with you.Only issue, as with many others, is that they charge literally thirteen dollars a pound for this stuff.  And everything else is overpriced as well.  They have a ton of cute items to buy and eat, but when you realize that they are just the same M&M's you buy anywhere else, just wrapped up in fancy packages, you come to your senses and you walk out with a minimum amount.  But it is Vegas after all.Great place.  But very easy to spend a lot, especially if you have kids.
4	During my last trip to Vegas my husband and I decided to stop by. I am pretty happy we did. Inside was a glorious collection of all kinds of memorabilia things I would pay for. Let's just say I saw a swarovski crystal studded m&m jacket for $3000! Pretty entertaining place to walk around and a good place if you know an m&m lover or need some quick souveniers.
3	I came here with the kids. They liked it. It has areas to take pictures. Over priced M&Ms. But I like the little movie they had on one of the levels, and some of the displays. That is cool. I would come here once if you have kids and take a walk around, or if you want expensive M&M stuff.
3	This is pretty much a must stop on a visit to Las Vegas. You could never imagine they had so many M & M items available. If you can think of it, they probably have it in M & M variety there. Huge location multi stories with different items on each level. They have a movie theater there where they show a 3-D M & M movie. There are lots of characters walking around that make good photo ops. Kids would be in heaven here and kids at heart as well. You must come by and experience for yourself. Prices are ridiculously expensive, but it's Vegas and a tourist trap so double whammy.
3	Holy crap! M and M's every where!!! Everything M and M related is here. Heck! I even saw some M and M pajamas. This place is super crowded and will have tourists, kids and candy craze people running around everywhere. It is a little bit over whelming and stressful if you ask me. So much to see and then when you see something you look at the tag and well, it is way more than you thought. This is VEGAS, people!! They will take your money either via gambling or with some shopping, here at least you can get your little ones something to be happy about for a few minutes. Keep an eye out for them though. They will get their hands into any candy that they might see here. This place for sure is a thing for tourist to come and see and maybe buy a few souvenirs to take home. Being that this weekend was a rainy one, they were selling their little M and M umbrellas fast. During my visit, I did not see any M and M characters walking around, which made me a little sad. I was hoping to at least get a picture out of this place. If you know a true chocolate addict or a M and M lover, this is the place to take them too. There is more than one floor to this building and yet I was unable to figure out how the floors were separated. I did my roaming around and did find the candy rainbow wall which is pretty to look at but unless you are willing to push and shove kids and tourist, good luck getting in and getting your pound of M and M's for $12+.There is lots of different colors and at the moment they had lots of holiday colors and stocking stuffers available. They have everything here from key chains, shirts, candy dispensers, mugs and even a location to personalize your own M and M candies. The line is ridiculously long for everything in here (make your own M and Ms and for all the cashier locations). Come with patience and a few bucks in your wallet if you have kids for sure.
3	We have 4 kids. We easily spent 200 dollars and 2 hours in this store. Its fantastic. Its crowded but its a tourist black hole, so what do you expect?We don't bring the kids to Vegas, but we bring them a lot of gifts every trip. This store is several stories and if your kids like M&Ms you will find something here that your kids will just DIE to have!As a matter of foact my daughter requested that I get her something this year when we go in January, so we will be visiting this place again on out upcoming trip.The staff was nice/helpful lines were kind of long, everything was just a bit more than we wanted to spend but it was on the strip and part of what you pay for is the experience and the location, it is very convenient for the casual strip walk to end up in stores like this. That's why these store are where they are.To be honest, in the end, if I didn't have kids this place wouldn't be nearly as enticing as it was, nor would I have had the patience to manuver my way through the throngs of small children weaving all over the place. Also, its a little hard to navigate your way around... We didn't mind, it was just confusing, not intuative.
4	After checking out Coca Cola come over to M&M's! It's kid friendly and free samples!! I'm not actually a big fan of M&M's but this store makes me love 'em. Souvenirs galore. 4 floors of this stuff seems like overkill. I love the display/dispensers of all the flavors. My fave was the raspberry one. Yum!! It's still a bit pricey though, but that's probably because they know kids will beg their parents to buy so they increase the price. There's also a free 3D show. It's cheesie and meant for kids, but hubs and I still enjoyed. A fun way to kill 10 minutes.
4	I'm not a big fan of M&M's but that store proved me wrong. Four levels of M&M stuff seems extravagant, but we're in Vegas and why not? I found myself being like a little kid again, going through every level to see what they had. Bonus points on them having items that were totally affordable! They have everything from shirts, sweats, erasers, golf balls, etc. I got super excited because they the limited edition Raspberry M&M's! Those things are like crack, I swear.The staff was super friendly, despite it being chaos in the store. Even if you don't like M&M's, it's a cool place to visit.
4	Sweet tooths unite. You have four extravagant floors of just about every type of m&m-related merchandise you could think of (baby bibs, rainboots, cushions, etc), highlights going to the chocolate dispensers of course, and a cute 3D movie theatre to take a break from shopping. Choose from the more common milk chocolate m&m's to peanut-coated to more limited raspberry-coated editions. Kids were ecstatic and adults found themselves busy checking out the handbags and what looked like recycled m&m paper wallets. Even if I'm not as big on m&m's as I am with truffles, I believe m&m world offers so much more than just a sugar high. Romantics are allowed to design custom-made m&m's on the third floor where personal messages can be stamped on individual chocolate. There hasn't been a day when the place isn't busy so be prepared to squeeze through the crowd. The place's concept is simple but it serves its purpose very well. Worth a visit, especially if you have wee ones.
4	I come here whenever I have friends or family visiting, and one of us usually ends up buying something. It's a good place to shop if you enjoy M&Ms branded products or candy since it's 4 full floors of it. Most of the items are a little pricey, but they have random sales or specials each time I've visited so be sure to read all the displays. The store is always packed and floors 1-3 are always difficult to manuever because of the crowds. They also have a free 3D movie on the 3rd floor that plays throughout the day. If it's extra crowded on the day you go, expect to wait in line. The last time I was there was Christmas week and I think we waited about 20-30 min in line.
5	I felt like a kid coming here. Must come here for the experienceI love the welcoming feel of this store! At the entrance was the red M&M you can take a picture with. Unlike at the Coca Cola store with the polar bear, you can do whatever you want with the M&M practically. I held the M&M and pretended I was eating it. Inside you can see all the different types of M&M products from candy to race cars to statues, and so much more. Plus there are so many different colors I never expected until I came here. I love the creativity of this place!There is also a mini theater inside, which was surprising. Even though it's a short film, it's worth it. I recommend getting on line early so you're in the front. There will be announcements about the film starting soon, but the longer you wait to line up, the longer the line.
3	Ahhh... M&M's World.I have been to Vegas many times sans kids, this time my son along found out about the store and it's all I heard about all day.Finally, we made it here early evening, it was packed, all 4 floors, but I expected nothing else.A pound will run you $12.99, half a pound with your own writing on them $49.99.Yikes, first thing you want to do is walk out and buy him a bag at any grocery store.Ok fine, lets spoil him, he filled a bag (2.5 lbs look like nothing in the big bags they give you, well played M&M World)and was a happy camper the rest of the day.They had some clearance on christmas items and give out a few samples, service is nice and my son was happy, that's what counts.
3	$13/lb for m&m's? Yikes is right. But the kids love it. Cool to see all the colors and flavors but that's about it, the rest are overpriced souvenirs we don't need
4	When you're walking down the strip of Las Vegas, 1 out of 10 people are holding a M&M bag. For good reason, I don't think the things in this store is over-priced. I had lots of fun coming in here. It's exactly as you should feel, a kid walking into a candy store. There's so many different things on each floor and the 3D show that they have is fun and cute. It's just a fun place.
4	Every child's heaven!a bit pricey but worth it.Variety of flavors. Coconut, raspberry, mint, dark chocolate, etc.Costumer service was beyond great!! Yay!!
3	Definitely a chocolate-y tourist trap! (And it sure got me in there!)Imagine all your clothes, accessories, appliances, utensils, random souvenir items with M&M characters on them, put them in a store and that's what this place is.Though it was fun browsing all the M&M products, all the items were definitely overpriced! I liked the wall of different colors and flavors of M&Ms on the second (or third?) level. It's cool that you can customize your M&Ms with colors and notes and pictures... but for a price. I think it started at $20 for a cupful.Overall, I like the store and it's fun to browse and it smells like chocolate (mmm...), but it's super overpriced and I rather get my chocolate on sale at my convenience store down the street.
4	Of course this place is over priced but its definitely worth a visit. With 3 levels of colorful products, there's always something to oooh and ahhh over. Of course my favorite is the m and m wall. I like looking at the different mixes that they put together. I just wish I didn't cost me a whole meal to get a handful, but it can't hurt to window shop right? It's a good place to visit when you're waiting for someone.
2	Total tourist trap. With that said, if you are a big M&Ms collector or fan then I am sure you will feel different. For me, it was just a lot of plushies and junk. I was hoping the actual M&Ms would be more exciting but the flavors are all the typical ones, just some different colors. This was a real let down.
3	This is always a must stop for our vegas trips. Who doesn't love M&M's? Easy spot to get souvenirs for the little ones and even some of the big ones. 4 floors or rainbow chocolate goodness. The 4th level seems to have being worked on for thr past 2 years but eh. Try and get there somewhat early, it can get pretty crazy in there. Also, park in the structure for the theater, its 3.00 and you can take a bridge accross from the structure to the M&M place. Definitely better than parking at the MGM. If you're an avid visitor to Sin City, if you take the survey on your receipt you get 15% off your next visit.
5	Check the coupon books for a M&M World coupon!!! We love this store. Lot's of fun things, plenty of staff, helpful knowledgeable staff. It's easy to spend a lot of money here, so check for clearance and don't get loss in the hype of it all. It's a candy for pete's sake :)
4	Never in my life have I seen this much memorabilia in one place. It's like walking through Gene Summons' office if he were an M&M.So many things from dolls-candy machines and bottles-toys and of course lots and lots of the small flat chocolate circles we all know as M&M's.This is a must see for tourist who love chocolate. There are so many things to see. Not just to buy but to look at. Simply amazing.I had a ball. Or several hundred flat chocolate circles.
4	Great for kids! There's a small IMAX show on the third floor that's worth a stop for the little ones. The second floor has ever kind of m&ms in existence. Overall, it's four floors of m&ms. Great for chocolate fanatics like me.
3	They usually have stuff on sale but it's just so crowded.  They have like 4 floors with some item repetitions.
5	Don't lie, you all know the colorful array of different types of M&Ms on every level of the store is why you go here. It's just so beautiful that you can't resist not going here!M&M World has everything you can ever imagine in an M&M world. From towels to mugs to plates to nametags to even customized M&Ms, I don't think there is anything this store is missing. It's a really fun place to drop by while you're in Vegas, and I think it's a great place to buy souvenirs for your friends and family.Some of the prices may be on the bit of a high end, but nothing TOO overpriced that you cannot afford. They also have super cute M&M shopping bags whenever you buy something from here, which you'll see being held by several tourists around the Las Vegas Strip. This place is just too goshdarn popular to not see their bags being carried around Las Vegas. Definitely stop by if you have the chance!
3	If you like M&M, then you must come here.  Four stories of products dedicated to that melts in your mouth, not your hands sugar coated chocolate goodness.  The irony here is that you shouldn't buy M&Ms here because they are too expensive.  But the other products are the stars here.  Shirts, hats, plates, cups, glasses, jewelry, etc all have the M&M logo and it just darn cute.  You will have fun even if you just browse.
3	This place was great for my kids they enjoyed it. I don't like how packed it is but its the M&M store so its expected. The candy in my opinion is too expensive but hey if your a candy person than maybe you won't mind. I'm sure I'll be back for my kids.
4	Childhood nostalgia.  3d movie.  Primary color themed merchandise.  Chocolate.  What's not to love?  I came here with 12 family members aged 6 to 73 and everyone had fun.  I left with a strong desire to dress my future babies in M&M onesies!
3	Another store in the sea of souvenir and tourist trap stores on the strip. This place does have cute souvenirs though they seem overpriced. T-shirts and towels for $20 each is a little steep given the free advertising I would be doing for you.
3	Fun place to drop in while strolling down the strip, not much difference from the London one. It had some themed gifts and some good deals too. I bought myself some boxershorts and didn't regret it afterwards, so that's always a plus!
3	It's a neat little store if you're a huge fan of M&Ms. There are some funny and neat items.  Everything is M&M themed so kids would probably enjoy it! The building is several stories tall but each floor is very cramped and hard to get through if it's busy.  The prices are Outrageous!
4	Four levels of M & M goodness.  There is something for everyone to choose from here.  Clothing, cooking utensils, office supplies, nick knacks bulk candies and so much more.  I did end up purchasing a small amount of the bulk candies and it was pretty expensive.  Half a small bag was 9 bucks.  All the same flavors and colors you could find in any grocery store I will avoid purchasing them here again.  The other items however were very reasonably priced in my opinion.  I bought a set of measuring cups for 6 dollars.  Spent about an hour just looking at all of the merchandise.  They do have cashiers on every level so they lines are not to long.
3	I've been here a couple times before but never when they opened 4 floors of merchandise.  There's a lot of souvenirs to choose from but they need more employees to walk around to check up on people.  My husband saw a lady filling up her drink cup with M & M's.  Most of the employees were at the cashier or just randomly standing at the same place passing out bags for people to put their items in.  We bought 2 medium size M & M's and that saved us a couple dollars, rather than buying just 1.  (I have 2 kids.)
4	Love coming here. They have a lot of cool M&M products to buy and all varieties of the candy. They also have a lil theatre that runs short films in.  Cute place to go and 4 levels of exploration.
4	If spending your life savings and engaging in intimate activities with random trash girls isn't your thing, and you happen to be a fan of M&M's, then you've come to the right place.Admission is free, so you can just walk in. Once you enter M&M's World, you will notice that this place is pretty much a museum of how the brand began. In fact, there's so much history of M&M's that there's floors of history to cover. There's also a store in there to buy M&M's merchandise whether it's the candy or souvenirs. It's definitely a place worth checking out at least once.
5	if u even just like m&ms a lil bit or are a big time m&ms lover, def come to the m&ms world in vegas near the MGM!!! it's *4* floors of awesome m&ms merchandise and of course, m&ms. all their diff kinds and all kinds of colors are available at  a longass wall of m&ms dispensers galore! there's also some cool features like a lil movie theater.. we went here kinda late so the big features (like the lil movie, etc) were closed... but we did get to do the personalized m&ms which was awesome! btw, i'm so annoyed w/ myself. the personalized m&ms was on the 3rd floor, i had a 15% off $40 or more coupon from this lil vegas booklet i had gotten, but the personalized m&ms was only about $25 w/ the heart container. so i got that done, and went up to the 4th floor just to look, thinking i wouldn't find anything lol.. but then i found the blue shirt that was about $23 i think.. so my point is: i could've used the damn coupon if i had gone to the 4th floor and worked my way downstairs instead! (u know, just brought the shirt down to the 3rd floor and paid for it all at the personalized counter :////// i'm a dumbass  the coupon/discount lover in me is still kicking myself for this!)so for our personalized m&ms, i chose blue and silver out of the ones offered cuz those r 2 of my fave colors, and also they were featured in my wedding stuff :) (this was our official honeymoon, 1st wedding anniv trip, and actually the day we went to m&m's world was our actual anniv day! so it was fitting is my point lol) this is what they say: 2 intertwined hearts (their lil clip art image provided), 'las vegas 2014', 'happy anniversary' (their lil clip art image provided), and 'steve & marcia' :)))) we actually got 2 batches cuz the 1st one was messed up (we were fine w/ taking it this way but the attendent insisted we get it redone, and we didn't have to pay extra so it was really nice of her) so the printer thingy got cleaned and the 2nd batch was awesomely perfect! we ended up giving the messed up batch to a homeless guy outside the walgreens lol.. he was very appreciative and joked how he was gonna rot his teeth some more lol... ultimately, their prices could be a tad ridiculous depending on what u buy, but really, if ur a tourist like we were, it was worth it!
3	I've been to the one in NYC and this one is pretty much the same. It's a 4-story building filled with everything imaginable with an M&M logo on it. You'll find clothing, kids toys, home goods, and lots of candy! There is a little movie up on the top floor, but it was closed when we were here. Definitely a fun store and if you brought your kids to sin city, they will enjoy stopping in here.
3	A colorful store chuck a block with M&M's merchandise at tourist prices await!The girlfriend and I tried to venture into this spot on a Monday afternoon.. but it was just too busy for my liking... so we made our way back to it on Friday morning when things were much much quieter.There really is anything and everything M&M's related that you could ever possibly dream of.. It's all there.. and it's all emblazoned with the giant M's.We ended up grabbing a yahtzee game from them with the logos and colours involved. Might as well eh?It's a great spot in Vegas to bring your kids. In a city of fewer and fewer of those.. it's nice.
2	It's overpriced and cheesy, but still worth at least a quick look.
4	NOTE: ONE OF LAS VEGAS STRIP'S FREE ATTRACTIONS (along with the Coca-Cola store)A fun way to spend an afternoon. It's four floors of M&Ms -- mostly merchandise -- good for families and especially kids. DON"T MISS: the 3D show starring Red & Yellow: "I Lost My M in Vegas." It's the same 3D show going on for 10+ years. 10 min. long and 3D. Fun for everyone!!If you're lucky maybe the green or red M&M will be there and you can take pictures.When you're done, be sure to stop by the Coca-Cola store (right next door) and try the Around the World sampler for $7 (2nd flr).
5	One of my favorite shop on the strip ! They have 4 floors.. Cashier in EACH floor. They have M&M characters & you can also take pics with them. Workers are friendly. I really love this it's unique & cool ! I love the 4th floor :) all different colors of M&M !!!
3	Multiple floors of everything M&M's! They have made this candy into an empire with it's funny characters and commercials. M&M's World takes advantage of that popularity and commercializes the heck out of it at this store. Hey, we all love M&M's so who am I to judge as everytime I have been here I walk out with a big bag of mixed colored chocolates!Pretty much everything under the sun M&M related here - shirts, toys, hats, key chains, collectable stuff, etc, and a lot of memorabilia to look at too. Of course there is a monster wall of M&M's chocolates in different colors to choose from. Mix and match. Some colors you just can't get anywhere else. Free short 3D movie is cool on the upper floor is pretty cool. Take a few cheesy pics with the people dressed as M&M's. Worth a trip but as with all the touristy spots on The Strip it can get a bit pricey. Unless you're a huge M&M's fan just go for the chocolates and skip all the other stuff.
5	M&M's galore! Also check out the free 3D movie! Great fun for the family! Don't forget to look for their M&M mascots roaming around.
4	Love coming here for all those hard to find M&M colors! The second floor is the most fun, don't miss out on the M&M evolution while going up the escalator
4	M&M World gives you all you want to know about M&M's just as neighboring World of Coca-Cola does that for soda. I saw a M&M show, many store-only M&M products and whole mountains of M&Ms. It was crowded, but it is an important part of Las Vegas and great for photos.M&M World is a fitting tribute to the ubiquitous M&M that has conquered so much of the world.
5	My girls LOVE, LOVE, LOVE going here.  It's a place that never gets old.  Now, we don't buy a pound of M&M's each time we are there, but we enjoy looking around and watching the 3D movie.  When we have friends in town it's always a fun place to take them while here.
5	This is a great place to bring the kids theres 4 floors of merchandise a gigantic m&m dispenser wall and a cool free 3d movie.  Well cleaned great customer service and alot of merchandise.
4	Great people work there. They saved a bag we left and returned it to me when I came back. Only suggestion, have a few more deals on m&m's. Love the candy wall, and the samples too.
3	If you are looking for a four level gift shop of everything M&M's then this would be the place for you! Honestly I wasn't that impressed with it. I guess I was expecting more of an M&M's candy store, rather than just a gift shop of trinkets and tee shirts. However if you are looking for trinkets and all junk M&M's this would be the place for you, as they have everything!!! Although I was unimpressed with the whole store,  my kids did enjoy the free 3D movie, so I guess it wasn't a total bust.
5	One of the great things living in las vegas is the accessibility to many attractions. This place is 4 level colorful, delightfully smelling, friendly chocolate/souvenir store. There is even a show! Want a cute way to ask that special someone to prom or even To marry you? You can get PERSONALIZED M&M's here! Yes, how cool right? And in a variety of colors!! Oh, and did I mention its free? No fee to enter and a good place to take families and children :)
4	My family and I come here every time we come to Vegas. My family loves it. We find something new every time we go.  Lots of fun, if you bring your family to Vegas, its a must stop.
4	4 levels of fun for all ages. What more could you ask for?Similar to the new Hershey's store in NYNY, these candy companies really know how to attract large waves of tourists into shopping, or at the very least taking photos in the store (which could entice them into buying if they stay long enough!).If this is your first time here, definitely walk straight up to the 3rd floor to watch the short movie about M&M's. It was the highlight for me the first time I was here, and all the kids seem to enjoy it each time. They only show one movie though, which sucks...wish they had more.The giant M&M machine with multiple flavours is a must if you're a M&M candy lover. Lots of different flavours for you to choose, some not available in your local grocery store!
3	Super crowded, like the layout of the new Hershey world at new York new York much better.
3	This is a good touristy place to stop by on The Strip. You can't miss it! The sign is huge and glitzy. The building consists of four floors, with different merchandise and themes on each floor. I recommend getting pictures of the Vegas sign with the M&M characters (3rd floor), large candy assortment (3rd floor), and the M&M NASCAR on the 4th floor. Wish we had time to watch the free 3D film! Also, they can afford to give more than one M&M as a sample. Nonetheless, it's one of those places that you come in for the experience, but will probably never return to.
3	This is a fun store to visit while wandering the strip.  It is what you would expect....several floors of M&M's candy, clothing, mugs, stationery, anything you can possibly think of.  Kids would love it.  And it's a fun sight to see if you want to kill a little time (and enjoy some air conditioning!).
3	Not a bad place for free on the strip.  It is basically a gigantic M&M store that has character displays all over.  If anyone should have to find, let's say 1000 green m&m's to gain mystical powers(Snopes.com it) you could find them here in one of the large individually colored or special flavor dispensers.  Beware taking young children here!  Although the entry is free, your kids will unhastingly empty the funds in your account by the time you make it up the 4 stories of candy covered chocolate product promotion.  My kids ended up getting an M&M hotrod that dispenses candy as it drives around.  Teaching my kids that it is okay to eat candy that falls on the floor. lol.  There is however a free 3D short film on the 3rd floor!  Cute fun place for the kids or any diehard M&M aficionado.  Save some money to spend at the World of Coca-Cola next door.
4	Who doesn't love candy? Gotta go here at least once to pick out your own flavors of chocolate goodness... Yum yum :0)...
3	Four stories of M & M goodness here.  It's definitely a touristy spot - lots and lots of selection and high prices.  The best is the second floor where they have a huge wall of M & Ms!  I couldn't help but taking a picture to capture the rainbow colors.  They can give you samples - last time I went, they had coconut M & Ms and the peanut ones.  I never knew there was so much stuff that you could personalize.. They have goods from plush toys to interesting M&M dispensers to cookie cutters.  The third floor has a little theater where they play a 3-D show every once in a while.  It's good entertainment for kids.  The girl playing the professor needs to speak up more though; it was hard to hear her.  This was a good place to go to escape the heat.
3	I had no idea M&M World was in Vegas until we started planning our trip. I'm not even a huge M&M fan, but we made it a point to visit (it was mainly an excuse to get out of the blazing sun). There are tons of flavors you've never heard of, but I made it a point to try as many as I could. We also sat through the 3D show, which was cheesy but fun. Great for the kids.If I return to Vegas I might visit again but it wouldn't be on my to-do list.
4	I'm a M&M collector, no where else has this kind of selection!
4	Great place to stop for souvenirs for the kiddies back home. Obviously you're going to pay for the experience (and the M&M's), but what could one expect?! Four levels of M&M madness...candies, souvenirs, t-shirts, coffee mugs, mini-slot machines, etc. A visit to LV definitely warrants a visit to the M&M World, regardless of sugar restrictions. The only lacking would be any kind of bakery, confection, or sampling areas; which can now be found across the street at Hershey World. One-of-a-kind destination in the heart of the Strip, worthy of repeat visits for even the oldest (and youngest) kids at heart.
5	Can't beat the colors and smells of this store.  My 10 year old daughter loved this store and I have to say I was pretty impressed as well.  The smell makes your mouth water when you enter the store.  The merchandise is really neat and creative.  We ended up buying two blankets.  Well worth the visit while on the strip.
4	Every M & M ever made. Make sure you've stocked up on the toothpaste. You'll need it after a visit to this place. But .... it's M & M's! A world of them! Every where! In every colour! To fulfill all kidhood fantasies! The little characters are cute, and there are rainbows of tubes of all flavours available for bulk bags. Note: this is more expensive than simply purchasing their pre-packed boxes or bags. It's $12.99 per pound, which adds up. Though, if you're going for the experience and want to choose your own selection you may opt for the bulk bag. M&M's World is best for children, but adults can truly enjoy, too. There is a 10-minute 3D film at the very top of this M&M maze and provides each movie-goer with a 'certificate of graduation' after they've indoctrinated you into their cult. Yay for capitalism! There are great choices for treasures for the young in your brood or family back home, like plushy dolls and soccer balls, sticker books, back-to-school packs, and clothing, rain boots and housewares so your children can be a walking billboard! P L U S: There's a section devoted to Brazil with cotton shirts, green, yellow and white M&M's in keepsake boxes, all written in Portuguese. And it's open until midnight, so you can take a slow stroll along the Strip. If you married someone whilst in Las Vegas, you can have your names personalized on a pack of M&M's to express you're undying (er, edible?) love. Their website offers a 15% off coupon: mmsworld.comThe mint M&M's taste so fresh.Everyone and their brother is here, so bring your patience. And a hand-held fan. It gets stuffy and crazy, with products strewn on the floor from what may be banshees run amok.
4	Fan of M&M's?  If that's the case you have found your Heaven!  They have anything and everything you could ever think of related to the M&M brand.Worth a stop in just to check it out!
4	Cute store! This store has about 4 levels which is kind of annoying and cool at the same time. This store has soooo many items but they are pretty expensive. I loved the customized M&M's. It was fun and quick! I got a small pack for 20 something dollars.
4	Located in the middle of the strip is this gem. 4 floors of your favorite color coated chocolates in many different forms. I liked how it was overall set up and also all the variations of M&M's on the 2nd floor. Overall prices were very fair and reasonable except for the candy itself. the self serve M&M's are $12.99 a lb and thats pretty steep considering.... Other than that I highly recommend checkin this place out....
3	It's a bit overrated, although it's kinda cool to see the various M&M products. The candy there is ridiculously overpriced, but you can get the rare colored M&M's though, if that's your thinkg.
3	Four floors of M&Ms & M&Ms merch. Yup that's about it. This place gets a big ol "Meh..." from us. If you're asylum-ready insane over M&Ms (I think I actually know one of these people) then this is your heaven, hell, mother, & future all in a candy-coated shell. For the rest of the populace, you may find yourself thinking "I had no idea there was so much M&M merch in the entirety of the universe..." or "Who would buy this stuff???". Well, there is & there are.
5	This is a fun place to check out...they have sooo many M&M's to choose from and you can personalize them if you like. I sure did...I got me the Las Vegas designs...lol. Fun to browse everything they have to offer and you can check out a mini show too. Love M&M's!
2	Everything wrong with consumerism all in one place. It's four floors of M&M merchandise. FOUR FLOORS. You can watch a movie about the candy, you can get your picture taken with the candy, you can try samples of the candy, you can buy it in any color, and you can literally never run out of option to decorate your life with the candy. It's insane. I felt like it was one of those things people say you have to see in Las Vegas, but I feel my time could have been better spent somewhere else, far away from children and middle-aged women in fanny packs.
4	They have M&M's and lots of it! Free 3D movies, M&M merchandise, M&M Nascar. Tourists love this place and it gets crowded fast. Best time to come is right when they open or during the day on a weekday.
3	It's definitely a fun place and I love all the colors of the M&Ms that they have along the wall, but everything is balls to the walls expensive with the candy being $12.00 a pound... GG. That's like two meals for me. But wayyy too many running and screaming kids in the building (although that should be expected, what am I even saying... Lol) but I come here to kill time if there's nothing planned during my Vegas trips, but usually as a last resort. It's a fun place to come every few trips or so, but definitely not my cup of tea.
4	What a blast! If you have ever seen the M&M's commercials with the talking candy and found them remotely hilarious. Then you will lose your mind here. Four floors of stuff. Overkill you day? You're in Vegas!! Overkill, USA! Every possible accessory known to man is under this rooftop. M&M's shoelaces? Check. M&M's sweatpants? Check. Walls of M&M's!? Triple check! Peanut, Pretzel, mini's! All of them! Also, they have a free 3D movie that is perfect for kids! Be sure to sit a few rows back! The 3D is pretty intense!
5	Awesome place for kids interaction. Only negative is parking is $3 and you pay for m and m candy that you don't eat.
5	This place is awesome because it has all types of flavored M&Ms and many you will not be able to find in stores! They charge by the pound so you can mix and match different flavors to your liking.  They also have other souvenirs such as t-shirts, pjs, bags, and different M&M dispensers.  I normally come by here every time I am in Vegas.  It is definitely a place to drop by for anyone who has never been to Vegas.
4	Everything M&M related compacted in a four-story tall building.  They got candy [duh], shirts, keychains, magnets, cups, hats, and all the other little knick knacks you didn't even know you needed until entering this building.  Hide yo kids and hide yo wife because lots of money will be dropped here.It's escalators and colors galore.  There are fun pseudo movie posters lining the walls, a Venetian mural, and a makeshift "Welcome to Vegas" sign you can take cheesy photos with.  Of course the famous plain and peanut character M&Ms are in all of them.  There's also a fun 10-minute 3-D movie you can watch and it's pretty amusing.Since it's one of the bigger attractions on The Strip and it's connected to World of Coca-Cola, there are a lot of people in here.  It's a fun shop to browse and do some spending.  Stop on by at least once!
5	M&M world is pretty incredible as you might expect. They have so many options for color and flavors and peanuts and peanut butter and mixed.... It is mind-boggling. They have great gift ideas too for your friends who didn't make it to Vegas. As always, the single special-color M&Ms are expensive, but for some reason they taste better when you choose the exact hue of your chocolatey treat:)
3	It's REALLY touristy and there are like ha huge number of people crowded in to the place it was also under construction so taking our daughter there (who's 1 and love M&M's more then any food on the planet) was really difficult with the stroller. It's got really cute stuff for you to buy but it's over priced for some of what it is. The highlight is the wall of M&M's that you can mix yourself of colors, flavors, and variety. We'll take her back when she's older and hopefully they are done with remodeling.
3	I like visiting this shop whenever I'm in LV but personally there isn't anything special with M&M's besides their cool souvenirs - the candy will taste exactly the same except for it's physical appearance (different color candy shell) so I never purchased their candy when they'd sell them at a regular convenient store everywhere.
4	Really like this store. There is 4 floors of goodness. So many different types of M&M you can by as well as apparel and other nic-nacs. Totally a place for kids but if you have not gone you should. It's off the strip. They have a race car on the top floor. This time I went I was a bit disappointed because the 2nd and 3rd floor smelt like pee really bad. So I had to rush through there. Usually that never happens. Right next to the coke store and located near the NYNY hotel.
5	They have made M&Ms into more than just a candy but a total brand identity and you can get just about anything and everything in M&Ms colors or characters at this store.Note that there is ANOTHER M&Ms World store at the Ethel M Factory in Henderson that has some different items not in The Strip store.
4	Since my niece was with us, it was a given that we would stop here. For kids, it's great, like the Disney store. I even found some souvenirs I wanted, and I stopped buying most stuff like this in Vegas a long time ago.
5	I came here and thoroughly enjoyed myself. I bought my nephew two plush M&M's, (2/$20), which I know he is going to love. I bought myself a shot glass, it is so cute. The staff is very friendly and the store is very neat, despite the fact that the store is overrun by children.
3	Cool place to come visit and check out tons of m&m merchandise.  Great place to wander around but it can get pretty pricey.  $13 for a pound of candy is a bit high fit for m&ms
4	This place is insane! 4 floors of chocoholic bliss! I was looking for almond, pretzel, coconut m&m's and I never found them. This place was very crowded and my kids were like kids in a candy store!  You must go if you are in Vegas.
5	A definite touristy spot just like The World of Coca Cola. Huge store, I think there were 3 or 4 floors?(I visited back in June so I cant quite remember.) There are lots of different M&M flavors &where they were, turned out to be so colorful &bright. There's a FREE 3D short movie which I found pretty awesome! If you want to do something else besides being drunk in Vegas, come here for a touristy experience!
4	Great place to pick up limited edition M&Ms and souvenirs! if you're on the Vegas strip, you gotta check it out!Pros:-Four floors of candies and goods-Each floor carriers different products -(Floor 1 Souvenirs, Floor 2 Candies, Floor 3 Toys and Clothes, Floor 4 Nascar products)-Well staffed and maintained-Floor 3 has a free, short 3D Showing of "I Lost my M in Vegas" (Good for the kids) -Great promotions (different each day EX/ Free lb of M&Ms w/ purchase of candy dispenser)-Clean restrooms on Floor 4Cons:-Long lines (But each floor has several registers!)
4	I always feel like a little kid in the candy store. Once I am inside there is absolutely no way I am coming out. Everything is completely M&M glorified. The clothes (shirts), mugs, candy, the walls, and floor. Great place to purchase Christmas gifts or presents for any chocolate lovers.
1	Ripoff. Bought candy by weight. During self weigh it should one weight. Went to pay weight was double. Got charged double the amount. Spoke to the manager the weighing machine was not zeroed.  They had been ripping off all day.  They better fix their machines.
4	I like coming into this store even without the kids. Free 3D movie is cool.  Promotions are always great too. On our last trip with got blankets for $5 with any purchase. All four of the kids wanted a blanket. Good place to grab souvenirs.
5	Great experience! they have 4 floors, each floor has different m&m products and very cute decoration. Lots of great Vegas version m&m spot for ppl to take pictures. On the 3rd fl, they have a 3D cinema, playing m&m Vegas version short movie around every hour. It's free and great movie, must watch. They have red and green m&m costumed ppl come out to play with customers too. If you are lucky, you may have a chance to take pic with them! Most of the product is a bit pricy, but very cute and lovely! You can choose some of them, would be a great gift!
5	Ohooooooo loved this place! I literally got lost in this place as its multiple floors with M&M's every where. Each floor has different products and they also have different picture moments on each floor as the M&M characters are everywhere. They also have M&M Nascar on the last floor near the exit. They also had a free 3D Showing of I Lost my M in Vegas which was quite fun and interesting. Its a must see in Vegas!
3	OK, so the family and I adore M&M's, and we see people walking up and down the Strip holding these bright yellow M&M store bags, so we know this is a popular spot. And probably, if we had young kids, we'd give this store a higher rating. But for adults and teens or young adults, the free 3D movie doesn't hold the same appeal as it would for a toddler. And the few times we were here, the store was so busy, it was packed, like with wall-to-wall people. It was claustrophobia inducing. In fact, I mentioned to my hubby, had I been there with a young toddler, I'd be nervous we'd get separated in the crush of people. It was that bad.Merchandise-wise, it seemed to have anything and everything you can imagine with the bright bold M&M characters. Not cheap but prices on a par with the other brand-name merchandise stores (i.e., Hershey World, and the World of Coca Cola). The wall of colored M&Ms is really bright and the perfect backdrop for a photo or two.Word to the wise: to fully appreciate this store, you should come here at an off time, or when the store first opens in the morning. Otherwise, the crowds will prevent you from seeing everything and it won't be a leisurely experience, browsing the place.
