5	My picks:Cucumber-Clementine Skinny MargaritaHouse Smoked SalmonSustainable Sea BassBanana Chocolate TartThis new location within The Scottsdale Quarter is gorgeous.  The outdoor seating is amazing and the food is another Sam Fox masterpiece!
5	Talk about totally Fabby location!  Absolutly beautiful patio and gorgeous views all around.  Scottsdale Quarter is on it's way to being a Fabby Shopping distict which delights all the senses.  House Smoked Salmon & Pita Crackers was deliciousEdamame Dumplings were very interestingThe Hangover RX Elixer was FANTASTIC! {& just what I needed for a Saturday morning!}Bison Burger not my choice, but hubby enjoyed the changeI was in love with my Panang Chicken Curry Bowl!  Y U Mmmmers !The Hybrid Martini, with Belvedere & Hibiscus was too sweet for  my taste - hole the Hibiscus and more basil lemon next time :-)The bottle of NZ Sav Blanc was a perfect pair with the curry!Pomegranate Sorbet was refreshingChocolate Flourless Cake was good to share {x 3} - caramel sauce was too sweet, but again, really enjoyed the 3 spoonful's.It was a beautiful brunch time on a  perfect Fall day in AZ !  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .....
5	Yum yum yum.  Humus- unbelievable. Mojito - best ever. Salmon- delicious.  Steak tacos- I die ( gotta say that like Rachel Zoe) Apple cranberry crumble dessert with maple ice cream - I'm stuffed.Best yet? You walk away patting yourself on the back for being a good boy/girl and eating a healthy ( but certainly yummilicious) meal.  Mom would be proud.
5	I'm kinda stingy about giving up 5 stars but this place is the real deal.I've been to the Biltmore True Food location and it was OK but I like this new place better.  The building has plenty of light and high ceilings.  The service is very friendly and efficient.  Lots of Scottsdale pretty people dining here to observe as entertainment.I ordered the shrimp dumplings to start.  Not only did they taste great but the presentation was beautiful with the dumplings and broccoli.I also ordered the shaved turkey pita.  This was enormous and every bite was delicious.  I had a nice combination of squash and kale on the side.I like this place a lot and will be back soon.
3	Great concept but the service was so slow and unresponsive that it made it hard to enjoy the food. Was surprised to be charged for a mere change in vegetable choice...bad form. Food was good, well seasoned, and nicer portions--not too big, not too small. Very nice outdoor patio area.
3	Got into town from SoCal last night with my mom and we decided to try something new. Overall the food was very good. I had the panang curry which was very flavorful and well balanced. My mom ordered the steak tacos. These were okay, a bit lacking in terms of flavor.For dessert we shared the apple cranberry crumble with a delicious maple ice cream. The two went lovely together and the different textures made for a wonderful experience.Probably the worst part of our meal was the fact that we had to wait almost an hour for our main dishes. Hopefully this is only because the restaurant is still new and will improve as everyone gets acclimated.I really do like this restaurant's concept and the open kitchen reminds me of home.I would give it a 3.5 if I could.Hope our next visit is better.
5	This restaurant lives up to its name. They are really true to their concept here. I've dined at the Camelback True Food several times and so when I learned that the new True Food Kitchen was opening at Scottsdale Quarter, I couldn't wait to check it out! A couple visits later and I can rightfully say...Fox, you've done it again! Believe it or not, I actually like this True Food better than the original location. The vibe is a lot cooler and more "natural." I really feel healthier when I walk in. With the garden out back (or is it the front?) and the airiness and open feel, for a brief moment I feel like I'm on the countryside near a stream rather than in the middle of fashionista central. Yes, it's the same exact menu as the other location and maybe because newer always tastes better, but I taste a different for the better in this menu! Everything has a bit more flavor and that's saying a lot because the flavor at the original location is pretty darn good! The hummus here is my favorite starter dish. They add olives and the pita bread is soft and chewy. One of my favorite go-to lunch items here is the Turkey pita sandwich. YUM. It's just as good if not better as I expected. In the past, I haven't been a huge fan of either the hash or the kale salad. The hash has also been kind of blah and the kale salad tasted like I was eating a leaf. But, here...I like both! I don't know what they did, but the hash has much more seasoning and taste. I had the sweet potato hash so that might have something to do with it. And the Kale salad wasn't quite so leafy. As for the sides aka drinks and dessert, my favorite drink there is the Medicine Man. It takes a pretty spectacular non-alcoholic drink for me to pay $6, but if there's any drink that lives up to par, it's the Medicine Man. I could probably drink 11 of them, but I hold back. As for dessert, I normally don't opt for dessert at True Food because there's something anti-climatic about it there, but when I do splurge, the Carmel brownie is the way to go. So welcome to the corridor True Food! You've made it just a little tastier here!
3	Went to check it out last Sat night on a whim. Didn't have reservations, so had to wait 15min, not a big deal, hung out and played with gadgets in the Apple store across the way.  they have a cool text feature when your table is ready. (i love this!)  The restaurant is flanked by two large patios with comfy looking seating.  We opted for inside, brrrr...too cold out for me!  It is pretty loud inside acoustically, but I like the open concept.  Giant square bar in front of the open kitchen,  very modern, clean lines, crisp green nature accents alongside toffee colored woods and surrounded by giant sliding door/windows. We started out with the shrimp dumplings. They were surprisingly good. 4 juicy dumplings, nice ginger flavor-very light, the wonton skin was tender and better than I expected it would be. (I'd hope so for $11!) Comes in a nice subtle broth with some asian veggies and fresh shiitake mushrooms. I just have to keep reminding myself that we are not in LA :(  Also had the 'chicken noodle soup' with it's slightly asian influence being that the soup itself has a 'hot and sour' note to it.  It was decent. The noodles in it did remind me of campbells soup in a thin and overcooked way. I had the Panang chicken curry....MMMMM YUMMMMY!  I love this dish!  It comes in a big white bowl with a very soupy, tamer version on 'Panang' but I still love it.  (even for $15) Has the normal root veggies, and still has a kick that creeps up on you a little at the end, but not too spicy by any means. It comes with brown rice that needs to be dug out of the bottom of the bowl. (they provide you with a spoon for this) I wish they would put a touch more rice in it.  The curry-to-rice-ratio is a little off.  I would come back and eat this for sure...Significant other (S.O.)  had the salmon with lemon salad.  Salmon, (so-so) lacked a little flavor and was a bit boring. The lemon salad and red quinoa (the sides) got eaten first. Salad was small, bright, lemony, speckled with diced beets. My S.O. doesn't usually like quinoa and he ate every last speck of it.  They know how to cook it here.  Now he is asking why I don't make it at home haha. Dessert. Apple cranberry crumble with maple ice cream.  It was a-okay.  I am very picky when it comes to desserts. Apples, cranberry, and some granola-y topping with some ice cream on top...it got eaten because it wasn't super rich and heavy, and it was nice and warm!Service-This is probably one of the first times I've ever been to a FRC restaurant (especially a new one) and the service wasn't spot on.  Our server was a little slow on timing. We almost skipped dessert because we were wondering if we wanted to stay another 30+ minutes. Well, we did get it and we did end up staying later. No ice tea refill for my S.O. until dessert and forever to get the check....etc. just little things like that. nothing major, but still! I definitely will think twice about heading to True Food if I want a quick meal!
3	Meh.  That's all I can say about this place.  My dad was raving about how good everything was, but when our family came here to eat, at least half of us weren't that impressed.  Luckily, I was not one of them, as I ordered a fish entree that our server recommended.  The service was really sub-par, as I guess they're a new restaurant.  They forgot our appetizers, brought wrong drinks, etc.  We'll see how they do as they get through their opening stages, I guess.
4	update: my contribution changed the vote results for kid friendly. :)I don't know why the header says its not good for kids. Why? Because there isn't a mascot? or flashing lights, tv's, games? Well thank you very much it was a wonderful experience for my family including my 3 year old boy. Atmosphere was calm and clean. I loved the design and the organic everything. The food and the concept is  outstanding, and very pro kids! Especially ones that you don't want to raise on drive-thru food or that have a particular diet.Little boy ordered turkey burger, fresh lemonade and we got the tacos.  Its pricy!  But I suppose that's what I get for being in that part of town.
4	Went for weekday lunch on a Friday and there was a small wait so we opted for the communal tables. Slight snafu when our waitress didn't realize our party was three and not the five that all sat down around the same time, and she started taking someone else's order with ours, but it was easily sorted out. The communal tables are a bit too wide across so you have to speak up to talk across them, but I'd sit there again. Overall I was impressed with the look and feel of the place - there's a very "natural" vibe carried through the decor and open air/sunlight that enhances the food. The food was on the pricey side but the quality was apparent. To drink we all got the honey lemonade which was so simple but really excellent and comes with a free refill. I'd go back just for that! My companions enjoyed their open-faced salmon and the shaved turkey pita which each came with a side of mixed kale/sweet potato hash. I had the chicken panang curry which was tasty with fresh ingredients and well cooked, but I agree with the other reviewer that the ratio of sauce to rice seems off and too soupy. My companions had tried the salads on previous visits and thought they were much too small for the money. For the price, I thought we got our money's worth.
4	Great feel, good food best humus ever. A little on the pricey side but I will be back
4	Dined here for lunch today on their one month anniversary of opening.  The restaurant was packed with Christmas revelers and shoppers, so we chose to sit at the bar with no wait.  I love the look of this place, it reminds me of so many restaurants back home (San Francisco) with clean, open, bright styling, lots of color and natural materials (e.g. organic paperweights - limes, lemons and tangerines to hold down your check and change).  The focus is on healthy and fresh.  Not so much slow food or organic per se, but in the same vein with real ingredients prepared simply with any eye toward health.  For example, when you order your turkey sandwich you get a choice of soup or KALE salad!  They have no red meat on the menu, lots of chicken, turkey and fish - perfect.  Today my hubby and I shared the special soup (Chicken sausage, white bean and kale), the edamame and truffle dumplings and the white shrimp soba.  All were very tasty on this unusually rainy day in Scottsdale.  Our waitress was slammed but was sweet and did her best to be prompt and attentive.  The prices are not ridiculous, but not exactly cheap - but that goes with the territory here in N Scottsdale.  I'll definitely go again in nicer weather and also explore all the great new sops opening in the SQ including a real, at least semi-independent (i.e. not Starbucks or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf) coffee house (WOW!!!).  I think it is called International Coffee Press or similar.  All in all a super addition to my work 'hood.
3	Food was very good but it took too long for the meal to come out (1hour).  The waiter was very nice.  It's too bad the kitchen isn't fast enough.
2	Don't order take out. There portions are so small. I was really disappointed. My chicken was literally raw inside, the service was crap, they forgot my dressing. All I ordered was sides and a piece of grilled chicken. Simple enough...I thought. Stick to the other location till they get all there kinks worked out. The Biltmore location is much more laid back and not nearly as trendy and wannabe hollywood.  The waitstaff is much more together and the portions are consistent. Im staying with that location.
2	Another over-priced over-conceptualized underwhelming Fox restaurant.  Service was by a bunch of attractive, poorly trained and confused kids.  When I asked what type of bread my sandwich would be served upon, I was told "health bread" whatever that means.  Condescending "healthy" concept.  I could have forgiven all this if the food were good, but it was all bland and ill-conceived.  What a disappointment.
5	We used to go to the Biltmore location and were psyched when this location opened (closer to us). You always feel good leaving this place. Yummy and healthy! I really like their unique drinks too. The open atmosphere (same buildings as the Green House I think) is very cool and I can see why others said it reminded them of San Fran.
4	Whenever we are up in Scottsdale we try to find new places to eat.  Apparently this place is another Fox restaurant.  I am always impressed with the decor of his restaurants. The food is great we had a flat bread pizza and a spinach salad.  Everything was fresh and tasty!  Again though there were more staff than customers, now a days I don't see why that is.
2	Are you a health nut with boat loads of cash? If so, this place is for you, otherwise, not so much. I can't argue with the notion of healthy, unprocessed, organic food, but this place takes it too far. Consider the beverage choices, ranging in price between $3-5. Offerings include the Red Moon (pink grapefruit, yuzu, agave and soda) and Andy's Elixir (olivella juice, agave nectar and soda water). I Googled olivella juice when I got home and it's made from sea buckthorn berries? In fairness, when I asked the waitress about the bizarre beverage offerings, she told me that Pepsi products were available, but not on the menu. The food menu encompasses a range of odd ingredients such as kale, tempeh, Anasazi beans, and tofu lettuce cups. To be "safe" I ordered the Teriyaki Brown Rice Bowl. The entree was 90% vegetables, containing minimal chicken and even less rice. It was so dry; I kept digging for even a pocket of teriyaki sauce. Even so, the dish was artfully presented. The man behind the True Food's brand is Dr. Andy Weil. While I admire him as a physician and originator of integrative medicine, I think he should stay out of the restaurant business.
5	This place is ALWAYS packed - bring some patience. The food is very fresh and fantastic. I have tried several dishes and none of them disappoint me.
4	I had dinner at the True Food in Scottsdale on a Thursday a couple of weeks ago.  There is really nothing not to like here.  the restaurant itself is great looking and will be wonderful when the weather warms up as all the walls are glass doors.  I thought alcohol was well priced or least the wine was as you get glasses starting at $6.  we shared the lettuce cups as an appetizer and they were quite tasty although messy to eat as are all the dishes that use lettuce as a tortilla.  I had the puttanesca with a twist--no anchovies--instead with ahi tuna--it was quite tasty and was a right sized portion.  My sister in law had a tofu curry--that also was quite flavorful--even though I am not a fan of curry and can take or leave tofu.  head the chocolate cake for dessert which was just right.  I will definitely go back-all in all a pleasant evening.
4	My Mom recommended this place - my oldest sister is a super health food nut and I've been on a new meatless journey - so she thought because they couldn't try it out last week (hello 1 1/2 hour wait) we would take it for a test spin. I really love the decor and the feel of this restaurant! The outdoor patio is very well set up with heaters and cute little sitting areas with fireplaces and fire pits. Everything is very healthy, earth friendly and sustainably grown. I really liked the idea of it. I started off with the Cucumber Refresher drink and it was delicious. Their soup of the day was Miso which although it tasted a bit saltier than I would've liked I still think it was very tasty. We ordered the Herb Hummus for the table and were not disappointed. I had the sashimi tuna salad and I must say I felt a bit let down on this. The dressing was okay but not great, and I don't feel there was enough tuna or avocado given it's $14 price. Also I was hoping for something fancier than mostly iceberg lettuce given that there's no nutritional value in it. My Mom really enjoyed her Miso Alaskan Cod, her hubby seemed to enjoy the Bison Burger and I'm not too sure if my Dad and his wife enjoyed their Teriyaki Rice bowls - I guess I didn't hear any complaints so...? My fiance had the Panang Curry dish extra spicy and said it was good. Our server was friendly and attentive to our needs about having to get out by 7p to catch a couple of planes. We were too stuffed to try any of the desserts but they certainly sounded good. I like the idea of this place but I'm not sure I was really sold on it. Perhaps it's a better drink and appetizer place - I almost fell over when I saw the bill: $175 for six. There were a fair amount of wine glass refills but still - ouch.
3	True Foods, love your concept - your food is pretty stellar too...however, I think you should consider either lowering your prices or bulking up your plates.  Regardless of the portion size and obesity issues in the U.S. you're healthy food isn't as filling as it should/could be.I ordered the Tuscan Salad with chicken and my dining companion opted on ordering the edamame dumplings for our starter.  I enjoyed both of the items but didn't feel full (once again, I know it seems like I'd be a hefty gal after all my restaurant reviews and portion size issue but that's not the case!)I'll end this review on a good note and say the latte that I had after my meal was incredibly, raw sugar cube and all.Hope this helps with your decision to dine or dash, if you're feeling a lighter fare with meager portions this is the place for you.
5	This is hands-down my new favorite restaurant.  So, I don't get the bad reviews here at all.  Wow.  Super-yummy.  My hot tea - the white tea that's offered - don't recall the name - was terrific and was served with the yummiest honey ever.The autumn salad w/butternut squash, pomegranate, apple, walnut and goat cheese was divine.  My boyfriend and I shared this and it was soooo delicious.  He hates goat cheese but they brought an alternative cheese for the side upon request.He ordered the steak tacos which were mega-yummy...And I got the Panang Tofu Curry...I absolutely LOVED this.I cannot wait to go back and try out the other offerings.  I can only hope that it'll be as easy to get a table next time as it was last night.  I expect though, that when the weather warms up, it may be a bit more tough.  Regardless, I'll be back.  I love the concept of "pure" organic foods being served in a full-scale restaurant.  i eat gluten-free and was thrilled to see so many gf options.  Our server was super sweet and helpful and seemed to like her job too - a seemingly rare quality these days - and although she forgot my cauliflower soup, I just asked that she pack it up to go.  That's my lunch later!This place is great.  I love it!
5	Yum, yum, yum!!  My vegan sister is in town, so this was a great excuse to try True Food for the first time.  I love the vibe, the open kitchen, the decor, and the abundance of fruits and vegetables for your viewing pleasure!As a vegetarian, it's so refreshing to go to a restaurant and have lots of CHOICES!  And healthy ones at that!  I started with the Cucumber Lemonade, which was the perfect combination.  My husband got the Green Arnie (green tea and lemonade), again, delicious.  A little pricey, but that's okay.  My sister tried the Hangover Cure, which was too much coconut for me but she loved it.  We started with the hummus, and in my experience it can be a little bland but this was flavorful.  I loved the addition of tomatoes, feta, cucumber and olives.  We also ordered the Kale salad to share - and let me tell you - I would eat this everyday if I could!!!  Tasty!For my main dish I had the Tomato and Olive Oil pizza, which was surprisingly flavorful despite being kind of boring.  I could have gone for more basil, but that's just me.  It did hit the spot though.  Others enjoyed the steak tacos and the spaghetti squash.  Let me tell you, we were all part of the "clean plate club" and had a great time trying each others dishes.  It feels so good to eat this way.  When my husband saw the initial portions, he thought he'd leave still hungry.  Come to find out - he was happily satisfied.  We'll be back for lunch in the near future!
4	We were on a mission . . . to check out the space for a possible 18-guest dinner on a Saturday evening in March. We were excited as it was the most perfect day to enjoy the patio at True Food Kitchen. Apparently, everyone else had the same idea! What we didn't expect was that at 12:15 pm on a Friday afternoon, the wait for a table for two would be 40-45 minutes! Yikes! So we decided to not put our name down and try somewhere else . . . but before we left, we scoped out the building and patio. On the far end, the side with the really picturesque view of the mountains and the fountains (no streets), was a near "lounge" area with large comfy patio like chairs and low cocktail tables. I made a beeline to the hostess and asked if they were reserved or available . . . she said "the table is a little low . . . " We said, "no worries." We had our seats and we were ecstatic!!!! And our experience continued to get better the longer we lingered. The patio area is much more conducive to talking . . . inside, it is very loud, and it would be difficult to carry on leisurely lunch (or dinner) and good conversation. My friend commented how nice it is to go out to eat and feel like you are doing something healthy for yourself. That is the foundation of True Food Kitchen and we likey!!!! The menu offers so many wonderful choices to nourish your body. Their refreshing nonalcoholic elixirs were calling my name, so I had the Green Arnie which was perfectly sweetened with honey. They also have a beautiful selection of hot teas not usually found in most restaurants, and they serve it with honey as well. (Not a Splenda in sight!) For our entrees, my friend chose the Panang Curry with Tofu. I was skeptical (having visited Thailand with the real deal). It is a large portion filled with a plentiful amount of tofu and veggies. The tofu was cooked to perfection so that the fragrant and delicious sauce clung to it just so. Yes, I tasted it -- I couldn't help it -- my friend was inhaling it at a vigorous pace! I ordered the Spaghetti Squash Casserole. It was delicioso. The squash and zucchini maintained a little of their crunchy vegetable texture, the tomato sauce was smooth and not too tangy, and it was just perfectly topped with just the right amount of slightly browned mozzarella cheese. What I loved was that our server, while attentive, was not in the least bit smothering. On such a busy afternoon, she was gracious when we asked for more time to order; she offered my friend more hot water for her tea; and didn't rush us to leave and turn the space when we concluded our entrees . . . she gave us the opportunity to linger . . . and so we did. No doubt that we will be back again and again. And I'm pretty sure my friend will be booking her 18-guest dinner there, too!
5	I have eaten here three times now. The first time I went was for lunch. I got the TLT sandwich with kale salad and sweet potato hash on the side and a 'medicine man' drink. The food was spot-on and I loved every bite. The drink was fabulous. The service was adequate. The second visit was for dinner on a Saturday night. This time we shared shrimp dumplings which were delicious. We also shared the daily raw fish appetizer, which was yellowtail. Yellowtail is my favorite sushi fish but it was cut too fine and was overpowered by the radish  - just ok. My husband had the prawn ramen which he raved about (and looked great). I had sea bass which tasted good and was very satisfying. We each got cocktails which were tasty and not weak. Service was fabulous and we had a great meal. The third time was with a large group of about 14 and the service was really efficient, friendly, and together. Everyone enjoyed their food. No, it's not cheap but it is quality, tasty, sustainable food. This restaurant is now a firm favorite and we will be going back often.
4	Best sweet potatoes and kale salad I've EVER had! I have been trying to replicate the sweet potatoes at home and just haven't had any luck. Mine taste similar but turn mushy. This place is sort of pricey and the portions are small but we enjoyed it. I went with some friends and everyone seemed to like their food. My friends shared a turkey pita and it looked pretty big. My goat cheese pizza was actually just right. I left satisfied, not hungry, which seems to be a concern with other reviewers. My table ordered roasted veggies to share (which were delish) and I got The Hangover Cure to drink which was tasty as well. Overall there aren't many complaints. It is sort of loud but a beautiful atmosphere. We did sit on the patio which was quiet and our server was great. Thumbs up from me!
2	My gf and I wanted a nice and relaxing lunch and thought about doing some shopping and dining at the quarter in Scottsdale. We ended up here at tru foods and really liked the setting and had lunch on the patio and that was the highlight.  The meal was slow to arrive, service was slow, and the food was boring. I think the staff had to many of their famous elixir drinks that lulled the whole place into a catatonic state with no personality and it came across in the food.  Sam Fox let me down on this visit and with all the other options in his new neighborhood there is nothing that is going to pull me back into his joyless world of Tru Food Kitchen.
3	This place is very good, their concept is definitely unique but be prepared to pay a little extra.  I had the coco pineapple concoction which was refreshing and complimented well with the ahi sandwich.  My wife had one of the salads and I failed to remember the name but it was delish. The turn off here is definitely the plastic surgery from the strange affluent population that calls this area of town, home.  Also one of my concerns when visiting the true food kitchen's (another one in biltmore area) is that the service is not up to par with the great food.
4	What a healthy place! 75% of the menu is either gluten-free, vegetarian or vegan! I'm sure this unique concept has attracted many people to at least try it. Well, I had a great experience during my first visit.My Panang Curry with chicken was fabulous! This is not your typical Thai curry that separate curry and rice into two plates, they made it simple, curry over rice, the right amount of both in medium spicy, with a hint of coconut milk to the curry, delicious! Also tried the Ricotta Ravioli and the Steak Taco. The ravioli had a really nice presentation (all green with kale pesto), and tasted great! However, the steak taco was just fine, not that spectacular.If you decided to check this place out in a very hungry mode, I'd suggest for some appetizers first as the entree portion being not so big. Just don't expect that you'll get something like the size of a dish from the cheesecake factory.Definitely going back for some more!
4	I tried True Food for the first time today. My wife and I arrived at 11:15 AM and it was already getting crowded. By 11:45 there was a big line of people waiting to be served.Despite the busy atmosphere, the service was prompt and excellent. Much of the menu is vegetarian or gluten-free. I tried the Medicine Man drink (black tea, pomegranate, cranberry) which was refreshing. I had a half-bowl of their daily soup, which was organic free-range chicken, brown rice, and vegetables. Although the serving size was small (it was a half-bowl after all), it was very tasty.The turkey bolognese is something that my wife and I highly recommend. The turkey is minced and has none of the usual gamey aftertaste that turkey is known for. If you have kids, I'm pretty sure they would love this dish.The fish tacos are also very tasty. Super-fresh and thick (albeit small) corn tortillas, with tomatilla salsa and perfectly cooked fish.Dessert consisted of capuccinos and a dairy-free chocolate pudding with walnuts and pistachios. The pudding was a bit too sweet, and too big for just two people. Still, the meal was very satisfying and I look forward to dining there again sometime soon.Total price for 2, tip included: approximately $75. A bit pricey, but worth it.
4	I liked my food, drink, service and the ambiance.   I noticed people complaining about portion size and price.   I think if you want to eat "healthy" you should eat high quality food in smaller portions.   I thoroughly enjoyed my entree; my husband enjoyed his and we were all happy.   Four of us had dinner including: Salmon, spaghetti squash, steak tacos and cod with bok choy and mushrooms.   The sweet potato hash was a hit with everyone.  Drinks were delicious.   It was all good.  Bit noisy but comfy table for a big group,   Surrounding "mall" was beautiful and very upscale.   I liked it.
4	Stopped by for an early dinner on Saturday night and were quite impressed! Even early though on Saturday we had about a 15 minute wait but got a great table on the patio. The only take reservations for parties of 8 or more. Started off with the edamame dumplings which were fresh and delicious. Then I had the white shrimp ramen and my husband had the chicken curry panang. Both were absolutely wonderful! You could taste the whole grain goodness, yet they both were full of flavor and just enough spiciness to keep that happy feeling in your mouth last. I don't know who was com planing about the portions but they were definitely enough for dinner. We ended up with the banana tart dessert which was also wonderful. Fresh and not overwhelmingly sweet like so many restaurant desserts. Overall a great experience and we will definitely go back.
2	Liked the theme, didn't care for the execution.  Portions were scant, prices not commensurate with value.  All three diners were disappointed.  Left still hungry.
2	This place looked very promising from the menu and the decor.  I typically enjoy any Fox restaurant, however, this restaurant is a gimmick.  I ordered the free range half chicken.  I really enjoy this dish at most restaurants, but I was disappointed.  The chicken seemed to be low quality, and was very fatty.  The iced tea was good though.If you are vegan or have a food allergy, this restaurant will be great for you.  However, otherwise, you are paying for food that may have a gluten-free, vegetarian, or vegan label that lacks flavor.  If you are looking for this option, then try it, but otherwise, I would find a restaurant that offers a smaller selection of these dishes at a lower price.    Just mediocre.  And way overpriced.
4	I have been a fan of True Food at the Biltmore for a while now and recently decided to try this location. My husband and I loved our lunch. We started with the edamame dumplings which were very tasty. For mains my husband had the bison burger which he enjoyed and I tried the organic ricotta ravioli which was REALLY delicious! I also had their Red Moon drink which is made up of pink grapefruit, yuzu, agave and soda .... very tasty and refreshing. I have to say I prefer the location of this True Food ... love the outdoor seating and the nice open feel.
3	Not very impressed with this place.  The food was ok but nothing I would go back for.  If my friends want to meet there again, I might go.  I didn't care for my chicken chopped salad.  I had time that afternoon, so I didn't mind the service being slow.  My friend and I hadn't seen each other in a couple of weeks so we were catching up.  The location is very nice.
1	If you like $50 Lean Cuisines, THIS is the place for you!
5	Here is a rare but deserving compliment for an establishment....FIVE STARS....that's right this establishment at the Scottsdale Quarters is top notch. I decided to go there and have lunch today....and I have to tell you it was fantastic. I had the Turkey Burger....which may be the best I have ever had.....was fired grilled with lettuce....tomato...provolone cheese...avocado...on a Flax seed Bun. I had a Kale salad and sweet potato hash as my side dishes....no French Fries people....not that kind of restaurant....LOL....(sorry). Now True Food simply means they use locally organic and locally grown products....everything is light but doesn't lack any flavor....and trust me it DOESN'T....everything taste great. The have tons of gluten-free items on the menu....and the honey lemonade I had was simply delicious and refreshing. You get one free refill on that and unlimited refills on Black and Green Tea....if your a Tea fan. If you decide to visit this locale ask for Brock...he was outstanding....and I made sure his manger who's name is Kelli (hope I am not spelling it wrong) knew that he did a great job. My water glass never got empty....he refilled my lemonade without me even asking....and he checked on us frequently to make sure we didn't want for anything....needless to say he got a nice tip. I could go on and on...but just go for yourself and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
5	Fresh, local when possible and organic without sacrificing taste. Who doesn't love those ideals, my visit here was during brunch I ordered the banana,  espresso, pistachio and date muffin ooh so good and entree was the Bison burger with the Tuscan kale salad. Everything was great my husband had the turkey with the male salad and the sweet potato hash he was pleased with his meal also.  We were also impressed with the gluten free options that were available I can't wait to go back for dinner.
4	I was out for a business dinner last night and a client recommended True Food in North Scottsdale.  The restaurant itself was trendy and had an awesome atmosphere.  It sits in a lifestyle shopping center, but feels like it is by itself.  The entire place opens up to the elements and you feel like you are sitting outside even if in the middle of the place.  The tables outside wrap around the restaurant like a horseshoe.  Cool menu with very fresh ingredients and refreshing beverages.  I had the Cool Spring Salad (over ate on this trip and needed something light).  The salad had a balsamic vinaigrette dressing with strawberries and blue cheese.  It was delicious!  The service was great, yet everyone had bronzed tans, which made my Wisconsin style like whiteness even more noticeable in the AZ sunset...Definitely a great place for a casual dinner or date...
4	i LOVE this place. I have taken so many people here and the response has been unanimous: cool atmosphere and AMAZING food. This place is great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Don't be surprised if you have to wait.I love the natural refreshments like "the natural," fresh ginger + agave + soda. I always get the harvest chopped salad because it is so yummy. i always try and push myself to order something other than the organic ricotta ravioli because i should try other dishes. But it's difficult!  The ravioli is scrumptious!  Like, lick the plate good. My only complaint is the dessert. I had the flourless chocolate cake.  It tasted like burnt cake, and the chocolate used is the unsweetened chocolate so it was kind of bitter-tasting. May be some people's thing, but I wasn't into it. I've heard other desserts like the Banana Chocolate Tart is quite delicious, so don't let this one thing deter you from coming here.  Take a walk through the garden they have out front. The plants are labeled and it's nice to see what sorts of herbs they grow and use in the kitchen. This place is truly about fresh, natural, good-for-you ingredients. Do yourself a favor and come here!
5	I have been here 5 times now.The service is solid and friendly, the food is wonderul (ask for the quinoa salad if not on the menu)...The cucumber margarita is my favorite drink.  It's about time restaurants have come around to offering Gluten free, vegan, and vegetarians option
3	Let me start out by saying I wanted to rate this restaurant 2.5 stars, but because that isn't an option, I am boosting it up to a 3 because my Husband said so (LOL). Here's the thing, the food is WAY overpriced for what you get and it isn't even extraordinary. Personally, I don't mind paying more if the food really blows me away, but after my second experience at True Food, I have come to the conclusion that the food isn't that special. The fact of the matter is, I didn't even pay for my meals the two times I came here, we were with family that paid. At the end of the meal I kinda felt bad for the price tag my family was paying. Honestly, I like the concept. I try to eat healthy, and when you have to go out to dinner it can be hard sometimes, but eating healthy doesn't mean eating NOTHING. Last night I had the pan seared halibut and left just as hungry as I arrived. Don't get me wrong it was ok, but not $24 good. The hummus appetizer was very delicious, but nothing more than most humus's I've had at other cheaper restaurants. My Husband had the shrimp and noodle bowl and loved the broth and shrimp, but hated pretty much everything else in the bowl. All in all, I don't think I will be back, even though the service was good, the food portions were way too small for the high price tag. Just my two cents (and I will save those two cents for another restaurant)!
5	Terrific semi-casual restaurant serving delicious, nutritious food and good drinks. Highly recommended.
4	I'd say this place is solid 4.5 stars. Really excellent, health conscious, inventive and flavorful food. The service (Matt) was also top notch, he offered suggestions and was very attentive and friendly. I had the bison short rib which was delicious and filling yet not heavy. I think the price point on the food is actually fairly reasonable considering quality and portions. However the beverages seemed rather over priced to me. Teas at 5 bucks a pop seems a bit much. That being said both alcoholic and non alcoholic beverage were creative and I did go for the $6 medicine man which to be fair was quite good. I will definitely come back again and keep my fingers crosses for one to open in SD.
3	You know, I have a bit of an issue with Fox restaurants in general.  They are all amazing to look at but the food is overpriced and frankly, mediocre.  True Kitchen lives up to the legacy.I'll certainly admit to being an avowed carnivore, I mean I'm the head cook on a competitive BBQ team-I love meat, but hey I will try anything.I went with a bunch of friends, it was one of their birthday dinners, and they are into the whole organic, vegetarian thing.  Perfect spot for them.The place is definitely cool with a great open atmosphere.  I tried their herb hummus for an appetizer which was okay, and the miso glazed black cod as an entree.  The cod was perfectly cooked, however the $22 price tag gets you a ~5 oz. portion with one baby bok choy and maybe two sliced mushrooms.  I didn't really get a big flavor impact either...
5	Just as great at the first time!We had the tofu lettuce wraps and the chicken terriyaki rice bowl.  Everything was super good and they even gave me a refill on my Arnold Palmer to go!
4	True Food gets high remarks from me mainly for the friendly service and casual, open atmosphere. I especially like that there is a lot of outdoor seating, and the indoor seating is somewhat greenhouse or gazebo-like.The food tastes pretty good, but my suggestion is not to arrive too hungry. The food is so damn healthy that it leaves you wanting to snack on something immediately after leaving the restaurant. It's a good thing that there are no cookie or cupcake shops around the corner.On my latest visit, I ordered the organic tomato and roasted vegetable pizza, which was quite tasty, but much to my surprise did not have any cheese on it. I dumped an entire bowl of parmesan cheese on it to make up for it. I wonder if they'll add some mozzarella cheese to it next time I order it. At least that way it'll stick to my bones and drown out my snacking cravings after eating there.
2	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about over FOX Restaurants to me they are just ok but my recent experience at True Foods was so bad by the end of the night I just had to laugh. First off the Hostess never even looked up to greet us. And when we told her how many in the party her reply was "well dammit" -really I though her job was to greet us not be a brat. It took 15min for us to be greeted at the table by the waiter. When our food came the bread was so hard that I could not even eat my sliders. Then I noticed a long black hair in my Sweet potato hash. I called over the waitress and showed it to her and explained that the bread was stale. Her response was "what would you like me to do--bring you a new bun?" I politely requested some Hash w/o hair and said I would just  eat the tuna  w/o bread. She took my plate and returned it with only ONE slider--I had only had a bit out of one! She jipped me! We paid left our food and got out of there.  If I'm going to pay this much for food I would rather go somewhere else. If you are looking for healthy food try Seasons 52. We went last week and it was GREAT!
4	I admit of a weakness and recurring craving for their Quinoa Tabbouleh (gluten-free and vegan) which only appears on their lunch menu, but they'll serve it to you for dinner as well.I have to recommend their beverages even though they are pricey. I'm always game for interesting flavors and combinations, and for the most part True Food gets it right.If you have dietary restrictions give this place a try.Most of the plates have subtle flavors so if you prefer robust and spicy True Food probably isn't for you. However, if you like to feel healthy after a meal; TF gets a thumbs up!
5	Had a great experience here. After a lack-luster time at a nearby restaurant, we came to True Food. Bartender was  knowledgeable, friendly and quick! SIDENOTE - bartenders should be speedy. Not rude in how quickly they can serve, but able to handle lots of customers, order all while continuing to do their job.  I'm married to one such bartender so maybe I'm biased!The prices are great! "It's happy hour all the time" cheapest beers I've ever seen in an above average Scottsdale restaurant. Food was very good and get this - healthy! Can't wait to come back!
1	While the menu looked promising, have no idea if the food is any good since the hostess failed to even acknowledge our presence when we walked in the door.   We patiently stood there for several minutes while she walked around us to greet and seat two other parties.   Since we were still unable to get her attention,  we left and went to Tommy Bahama across the street.
4	The food here was delicious, I am excited to go back and try more. My son really loved their pizza, and he never eats pizza. We enjoyed their selection of unique beverages, but the lemonade was too tart for my kids. Unfortunately, there was not anything on the dinner menu that interested my husband. The wait staff was so very friendly. All of them had smiles on their faces and looked like they really enjoyed their jobs.
4	Food was really good.  Based on the waiters recommendation I ordered the kale salad and the spaghetti squash casserole for dinner. I would highly recommend both.  The only negative is how loud it is inside...it made conversations a little challenging.
4	Some colleagues and I took clients here for dinner one night, and I think we found it to be an enjoyable evening.Everything tastes quite fresh. I had a very nice sushi appetizer, which was fashioned as more of a salad, and the ahi sliders. We had some cocktails before ordering wine, and the cucumber-clementine margarita is extremely refreshing in the warm, open-air atmosphere.Two little drawbacks -- first, I think the ahi sliders needed a little bit more flavor. A little bit more wasabi aioli probably would've done the trick. Also, I thought that the portions were a little small. There were only two sliders, and I'm sure I could've made room for a third. But, on the plus side, the sweet potato hash was a really great sidedish.Finished the evening with the almond olive oil cake with blackberries and yogurt, which was a great finale to a good, fresh-tasting dinner.
4	We eat here often.  I love the menu and portion sizes are, in my opinion, perfect.  The fish dishes are always good, and I dream about the hummus.  I'm also a huge fan of the spaghetti squash, which is hard to find anywhere else.  The skinny margarita makes the meal complete.
3	I just can't seem to like this place. The atmosphere is strange. I rarely get greeted when I walk in, which is awkward. Service is okay, although sometimes slow. The food is typically underwhelming, but the dishes I keep coming back to are the pita and hummus appetizer and the curry entree. I really don't mind the food when someone else is paying, but whenever I eat at a Fox restaurant, I always feel like someone just took 20 bucks out of my wallet, and I'm probably still hungry.
3	In the nice new Scottsdale Quarter rests True Food Kitchen, which is part of a larger chain of restaurants. The concept is pretty cool; fresh, natural ingredients, open layout and unique menu options. The food was good, the dessert was good, but the service was slow and overly "ooo...look at me, I'm cool". Doesn't make any sense? Take a seat and you'll see what I mean.Although the food is pretty delicious, True Food is on the border of being a bit pretentious with all the "natural" ingredients and what not. I've seen this type of food done much better at a lower price which much less snootiness. So, if you are OK with a bunch of snoot, then True Food is your place to go. Otherwise, stay with a non-chain restaurant.
2	We waited half an hour for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. While I did enjoy the patio seating, the food wasn't all that great. I'm all for the healthy eating concept. However, the portion size and flavor were lacking for the price you are paying. The shrimp dumplings were 11 bucks for 4 dumplings that were worst than frozen ones from the bag! Not impressed.
3	Good overall experience.  Buffalo burger was good, sweet potato has was good.  We did have about a 40 minute wait (expected on a weekend I guess), and it was loud inside.  The was good, but it wasn't as good as some of the reviews are raving about.  For the price, there are plenty of places that offer the same quality with either more quanity or a bigger selection.   This is a great place if you are vegan or on a diet.  But if you are a meat eater like me, you will have very limited options.
2	Wow, I have no clue what all they hype is about. The only reason I went to this place was because we hadnt been there and my parents wanted to check it out.  The concept of the restaurant was cool. I like all natural ingredients, fresh produce, nothing "from a can" concept and the open floor plan layout. All those are all great points.  The food was mediocre and the service was awful. The food was way over priced for it's quality. I ordered the ahi tuna which was a c grade tuna. No sushi grade or ahi for that matter. It was just standard raw tuna. The lettuce was not fresh at all, and everyone's portions where tiny.  Everyone walked out of there hungry. All the waiters suck really bad, and need some training.  I do not recommend this place to anyone. I will never go back to this place. :(
3	Nice restaurant but its definitely a BUT restaurant.   Good food BUT small servings. (don't order the steak tacos if your hungry. My son ate his tacos, half of my dinner, a portion of my husband's and a bite of his wife's)  Friendly BUT slow, REALLY slow service.  Nice open space BUT if the restaurant is packed then you can't make out what your friends are saying.  I'm not one to complain too much but Scottsdale is really hot this time of the year so I really needed a glass of water upon being seated.  It took waving down another waiter to even find our waiter to bring us three glasses of water. It took him another 10 minutes to bring us water so it took total of 15 minutes just for water.  He then ask if we would like anything else to drink so we order our beverages thinking okay let's give this guy another chance cuz he's gonna be on his toes now especially after complaining to the manager.   It took him ANOTHER 15  minutes to bring a single glass of lemonade. The rest of the food came, fresh and cooked to order so we didn't mind waiting the 20 minutes for fresh food BUT this is NOT the place to go during lunch hour if you need to get back to work.  Bottom line is it's a nice restaurant.  Wouldn't hesitate to go again when I have time but I woudn't go out of my way to do so.
4	Stopped in for dinner Sunday night.  This was my first visit to True Food Kitchen.  Wow!  I'm sold.  It took me forever to decide what to order because so many of the items on the menu were appealing.  The beverage menu (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) was impressive.  Lots of fancy and healthful options.  I ended up with the turkey burger, kale salad and sweet potato hash.   Everything was tasty.The restaurant draws the trendy, hip-cool crowd.  It was a little loud and had a long wait.  Fortunately, I by-passed that and took a seat at the bar.  I'm so glad I did.  I had the best service I've experienced in a long while.  The bartender who waited on me was AWESOME.  He could teach a class in how it should be done.  I'd return just to tip him again.  Thankfully, I loved my meal too.
4	That buffalo burger is tough to beat.  Their hummus was awesome too.  A little pricy but I keep going back.
4	I like that True Food is dependable. I've enjoyed everything I've tried here, and the service is great from the door. Stacey was our server last night, and was very helpful in suggesting things she liked and aided in our decisions for dinner. She was sincere and attentive, and not awkwardly crowding the table or trying to up sell us the whole night.I love this Scottsdale Quarter location, with H&M right across the way it makes any wait for a table go by a lot faster. :) I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome. Really great food ad they cater to customers like me with dietary restrictions. I will definitely be back :-)
5	I went here while I was in PHX OMG!  I fell in love with it!  What a great place.  Natural, and fresh ingredients.  The menu is more for a vegetarian/Vegan/Gluten free diet.  I truly feel that a Portland OR location would be a HUGE success!!
5	Had a great waitress, excellent food and first class wine and drinks at the Kitchen last night.The waitress, who is part Columbian and part Lebanese was extremely attentive and helpful.We had the Penang curry which was very tasteful and authentic, and the Farmers Market salad. The Truchard Pinot was pricey but worth it. The misters kept us cool despite the incredible heat of the evening. The AC was due to be replaced and inside it was muggy so sitting outside was a fair option.Would recommend this place and never saw or heard any examples of snootiness from anyone.
5	Sooooooo good!I have been to True Food twice now, once for breakfast and once for dinner and both meals were excellent. The dinner was the standout for sure. The boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night. It's a popular place so we expected to wait (and we did).  When we were seated we were immediately greeted by our server, I think his name was John, who was great from beginning to end. I ordered the teriyaki bowl with chicken and boyfriend ordered the bison burger. I loved my rice bowl. It was loaded with broccoli, snap peas, green beans and chicken. It also had avocado on top which was surprisingly a great addition to the dish. I enjoyed every bite of this dish.Boyfriend enjoyed his bison burger but it could have used a little more cheese. They serve sweet potato hash instead of fries which is very good as well.For desert we ordered the flourless chocolate cake. Small but rich. Very fudgy and yummy.I can't wait to try more dishes at True Food. Open a location in Tempe, please!!!
4	I had dinner here with friends last Friday.   Aside from being a bit hot outside, the experience was a pleasant one.  The staff and manager - Andrea - are extremely helpful and make you feel like a VIP. *I LOVE the kale salad* - amazing!  Starters we had the edamame dumplings and the smoked salmon - delish!  I had the halibut - it was a touch dry and not my favorite.  Surprising - because halibut is typically my "go to."   However, after tasting my boyfriend's Miso Glazed Black Cod - my palette was pleased!  I will definitely go back for that dish!  Actually - going there for lunch today to get my kale salad!
4	This was my first time and like most of the Fox restaurants, the food was delicious.  Had the quinona chicken salad, flourless chocolate cake (well a bite or two) and one of the non-alcoholic juice beverages.  Very pleased with the experience and great price point.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!  Plenty of healthy food and drink options and they are all organic.  If you are a heavy meat eater this is not the place for you.  They have delicious specialty drinks (both alcoholic and non alcoholic) and plenty of salads, entrees, appetizers, and deserts to choose from.  I would recommend either the spaghetti squash or the quinoa beat salad.  Both are delicious and very good for you.  Service is pretty good.  I have yet to have a poor experience here (knock on wood).  The servers are always very nice and personable and get you your food as soon as its ready.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is trying to lose weight, diet, or just start eating healthier.
1	2nd time I've been here...Definitely the last.  Lots of trouble finding anything "normal" or 'plain'.  1st time we went, they accidentally skipped our name on the waitlist, and we ended up waiting over an hour for a table--this was a weekday lunch and it was briefly busy, but certainly not busy enough for that much time--  We had to remind them twice.  That time we ordered three different items...they were All Beige!  2nd time we couldn't figure out What to order, I lost my appetite from the menu choices, and the waitress had a bad attitude.  Finally I asked for a side of brown rice.  that's what I got.  No spoon, no chopsticks, no soy sauce.  Nothing.  She never came back.  Our family has been in the restaurant business for over 30 years, and we have never found a place so highly touted, yet so terribly disappointing.  By the way, the place is Really Loud, too.
2	I can tell I'm getting old.  I go to restaurants for the food not because it is the thing to do.  I met some friends at the True Foods because they heard good things.  A lot of beautiful people were eating there.  Looked like a beautiful people convention Some of the beauty was natural but much of it was surgically enhanced. Everyone ordered a $4 juice soda mix that was OK but small and not (IMHO)  worth $4.  Everyone got there meal at a different time (10 minutes between the first and the last) and that was a bit awkward. My wife had the kale salad and I had the fish taco's.  Wife thought the salad was OK but expensive for what she got.   I got 3 fish tacos and each one consisted of a nugget sized piece of fish on a small and dry (it broke apart when you tried to bend it making it hard to eat) corn tortillas that with some fresh veggie garnish on it.   I tasted OK but I love fish taco's and I can say these are the worst I have ever had.   It appears the food is fresh, they use great ingredients, and it is a good place to see and be seen.  But after paying $52 for a couple of small drinks some chopped kale with a little bit of dressing and a couple of other things, 3 fish nuggets on dry tortillas, and a couple of cups of coffee, and marginal service I don't think I will be going back.
4	Bison Burger was great, I highly recommend it. Also got the hash side which was excellent. I was in a huge rush and they got me my food in 10 minutes. The ingredients clearly are a good combination, maybe it's just brilliant branding, but it tasted healthier... Cool building too!
5	I am usually not an organic food person, but this may change my mind.  Great food and service.  Nice simple menu, but food quality is great, never knew kale could taste so good.  Also sampled the pizza's, and black cod.  The only drawback is that it is loud inside, so if you a looking for a quiet place, this may not be the place for you.  But, it still deserves 5 stars in my mind...
5	Entering True Food Kitchen is to enter Dr. Weil's anti-inflammatory food pyramid, now made available through a restaurant setting.  Ample vegetables, whole grains, and just straightforward "good for you food", is at the heart of True Food Kitchen's philosophy. Their Scottsdale Quarter location is open and airy, with two entry-ways, along with indoor and outdoor seating.  Outside misters are available for hot days and for those colder nights in the Arizona winter, fire pits to keep warm.Their menu boasts everything that is good for your stomach and general well-being for your body.  Salads, sandwiches, and various entrees will keep your options open as you select the right true and good food for you.  There are also many options for vegetarian and gluten-free diets.Their Teriyaki Brown Rice Bowl ($12.00-$16.00) with your choice of tofu, chicken, or shrimp is a combination of ingredients made just for teriyaki sauce.  It is the perfect portion of Asian vegetables, brown rice cooked just right and for my serving - chicken slices glazed with teriyaki sauce. If you want to go a step further, you can share one of their various pizza offerings. Their Chicken Sausage Pizza ($12.00), complete with tomatoes, fennel and fontina.  Theirs is a thin crust, so it is easy to more than one originally planned.  True Food Kitchen dares to be different and succeeds.  This is all in the efforts of providing us a better alternative to feed our bodies.  Day to day we get caught up with "standards," it is good to step aside and give your body some good food, food that was truly made to sustain your body healthily.
4	I am by no means a vegetarian.  I like meat, cheese, and all around unhealthy stuff to eat.  With that in mind, I really enjoyed what I ate here, for breakfast. My husband and I were hungry on a Saturday morning, and desperate to get away from the house. Naturally, we went to the Quarter. Naturally. I take one look at the menu, and I almost run out the door screaming. Not my cup of tea.  But I decide to try something new for a change, and suck it up, choose a greek frittata. (A frittata is an open faced omelette)It had kalamata olives, feta, zucchini and tomatoes. It was awesome. Unfortunately, that was the ONLY thing on the menu that I would eat. So unless I get a craving for a healthy breakfast again, I probably won't go back.Perfect for health-conscience, hippie type people.  I'm from the mid-west. :)
5	I ate dinner at True Food Kitchen in Scottsdale for the first time last night.  We started off with skinny margaritas which was by far one of the best and creative margaritas I've ever had and perfect for a hot Arizona evening. The hummus appetizer was exceptional and when asked, the wait staff brought more pita.  I had the beef tacos which were OK but tended to be a little on the dry side.  The atmosphere was enjoyable and the decor charming.  I will definitely go back.  If I get a more tasty entree, I might just give True Food Kitchen 5 stars.5/14/13 I recently went back for dinner and am now giving True Food Kitchen five stars.  The meal was fantastic and the cucumber lemonaide drink was out of this world. I want that recipe!
4	Really cool, foodie restaurant in scottsdale. All the food was fresh and original. The service was quick and pleasant, and definitely a place to consider to eat. It's not the cheapest restaurant but worth the price. This place definitely belongs in Scottsdale as is more upscale and you could sense it from the decor and service.
5	My #1 favorite must restaurant in phx! Can't go wrong with the elixirs or the Tuscan kale. Dr. Weil knows how make u feel full in a good way!
4	Elif A. dragged me up to Scottsdale for lunch recently.  The atmosphere is great- very open and relaxed. We ordered a salad and the organic tomato and roasted vegetable vegan pizza (we un-veganized it with cheese) and split both. Very tasty and very filling.The service was friendly. Even though they were busy, they were really on top of it. I'll be back for more.
3	True Food Kitchen did not live up to the hype I was expecting after ready so many good Yelp reviews...  It was A-OK at best for this Fox Restaurant.   We arrived for lunch and the True Food Kitchen was very busy so we opted to sit on the patio in 109 degree weather.  We were shaded and they have misters, so we were relatively comfortable.  Restaurant ~ there has plenty said already about this place on Yelp and the pics are a slide show for you to enjoy.  It's a nice looking restaurant both inside and out.  The decor and color schemes are nicely done.  I did not care for the flow since there are really two main entrances, one on the north side and one of the south side.  We entered the north side and stood in front of the bar area for a while until one of the bartenders informed us we had to go to the other side of the bar to see a hostess for seating.Service ~ This was one of the more disappointments during our lunch. We were off to a bit of a rough start but that really didn't matter, it was the service we received throughout our dinning experience.  It started off great with placing our order and receiving our drinks but after we received our meal... our server must have checked out.  We tried to stop a few other passing by servers however they they too seemed disinterested in their customers as if they were all having a bad day.   We did not see our server again until we were ready for our bill.  Food ~ I ordered the grass fed Bison burger, which had shiitake mushrooms and onions, mayo, parmesan cheese on a flax bun. It was supposed to be an Unami burger but it was more of a Tsunami burger.  The parmesan cheese was too much for this well cooked and seasoned bison burger.  It over powered the taste so I had to remove it.  I ordered the sweet potato hash as my side, which was good for the first few bites but then it became somewhat blah...We also order the shaved turkey sandwich but they were out of shaved turkey.  It was 11:30am... So we opted for the turkey burger with a side of kale salad.  The turkey burger came with lettuce, tomato, avocado, provolone cheese, and mayo on a flax bun.  The burger was cooked very well but could have assembled better.  They placed the tomato's on top of the not so ripe avocados which were on top of the lettuce.  This made the burger like a pin ball machine, with every bite out shoots a chunk of avocado.  Bite  ~ ping, out shoots a chunk onto her blouse.  Another bite ~ pang, out shoots another chunk and it bounces onto the table.  They should consider making an avocado aioli spread for this burger.  The kale salad was also good for the first few bites then it tasted blah.Since this was our first visit to the True Food Kitchen I raised this review up to 3 stars.  I am hesitant but will consider going back for another try in hope the service and quality of food is better.  I will be sure to select something different on my next visit.
4	We were very happy to stumble into TFK. The food is fresh, tasty, and mostly really good for you. All attributes we, as Bay Area dwellers, value in our meals.The bison burger was absolutely delish. Juicy, perfectly topped. I am not sure why one reviewer thought there was too much cheese and another found it lacking in cheese. I must be like Goldilocks. I thought it was just right.Kale salad as a side was tasty, but a bit heavy handed with the garlic. Hefty portion which even with my boy friend's help was too much. Turkey bolognese was surprisingly good.Sashimi was over sauced and over topped.We both loved the natural juices/sodas. Maybe we are numb to high prices in and around San Francisco, but for $4, we thought we got our money's worth.Service was friendly, efficient and professional. We think this is the perfect pre-movie spot!I would definitely recommend TFK to anyone looking for a fresh healthy meal that doesn't leave you waddling out in a food coma. We are only in Scottsdale for a week, and intend to return to TFK to sample more of the menu. It is just that good!
5	I can't say enough about this place! The food is always delicious. Great atmosphere. Great service. Today my friend and I split the mushroom pizza and the kale salad. SOOOO good!!! I also had the antioxidant juice which was amazing. Love it.
4	The restaurant has an excellent atmosphere, service, and mission. I love that it uses local ingredients supporting farmers close by. The menu has a lot of different options and there are plenty of healthy drinks and non healthy ones to chose from. I love the feel of the place and the patio that goes around the restaurant. The wooden tables and the casual chairs give it a retro but laid back vibe. The prices are also very reasonable.
4	Fresh, tasty and consistent. We go there often.
4	If I ever get married I am going to make sure my wife and I eat at True Food at least 7 times a week. This will ensure that my wife maintains her incredible hotness while I get to eat flavorful food at least once a day. Win win.
4	We went here for a great sunday afternoon lunch with kids and grandparents. Our waiter was very attentive. Food was very well presented and tasted amazing. I have also been here for an employee's birthday celebrations for more of the drinks and app's and have always been impressed with their healthy, fresh and well prepared options. I would return here for any type of eating occasion ;)
4	I've never been disappointed by the food here. This is where I take my parents when they visit and where we go when we want to relax over a bottle of wine and consistently tasty food. Service can be a little.. silly... seems like they hire a lot of high school kids, but it's never been a problem, just a source of entertainment. Anyway, we don't go here too much because it's kind of pricey but for a quieter sort of special evening, sit on the patio in the comfy outdoor seating and be sure to order the chocolate cake dessert.
4	Food is always fresh and delicious.  The drink selection is interesting but expensive.  Hummus appetizer is very good.  Dumpling appetizer a little too "fishy" for me.  The bison burger is perfect.  Love eating on the terrace.
4	Pleasant surprise, I had to dragged to a "healthy" eating experience by my boss.  All I could picture was tofu and bean sprouts, was I mistaken.  There was such a wide selection of dishes and they have real taste.  I would recommend this place to those "meat & french fry" types.The staff can get a little carried awayed explaining the dishes but I is nice to know what you are eating.
5	I've been to both True Food Kitchens .. I love both of them. Although I think this one may be my favorite. You are greeted warmly. They have a rockin patio and this time of year it's perfect to hang out on with a glass of one of their organic wines. I like the fact that everything is fresh and it's organic. The staff is good at explaining portion sizes and the menu if you just don't get the concept. This particular day, I had spaghetti squash casserole . Loved it. We had a plate of hummus and pita and each of us had a wine. I don't find it anymore pricier than any other lunch place in Kierland Commons. If you do, well McDonalds is always around the corner somewhere, right?? I love a option like this, when you have a celiac or gluten allergic individual in your group:-)
3	If you like a theatrical presentations of restaurants you will love the phony baloney BS of this place. Hippie dippie small plates with huge price tags. I left hungry. The steak tacos are a joke. If you like this place I have a magic rock that I would like to sell you.  The setting is good, stick to the salads. You will be hungry when you leave so pack a sandwich. No reservations policy is an insult. Why no reservations?.  Are you too cool? Every other of your chain chain takes a reservation. Your marketing people are the most transparent idiots in the world. Salad glass of wine. Get ready to wait. Welcome to our concept.
2	So we went again, we love the patio. This time for drinks and appetizers.  The service was horrible. The drinks good. The hummus a little weird in flavor. Not really Persian and creamy. Lumpy and brownish with too little bread. The pizza was horrible, tiny no flavor, digiorno is better. The lettuce cups were so so, the restaurant seems committed to using something sweet and stcky in everything. I don't know the name of the spice but it smells like potpourri and tastes like room freshner
3	Food was great, as always (see Biltmore review).The only warning I would give is, don't go here if you aren't prepared to be there a while. We got in around 8, had plans to meet people at 9, and didnt get out until 945. Our order wasnt taken until 820 and we waited almost an hour for our food and it was NOT busy.
5	I went to True Food Kitchen this weekend expecting to eat healthy dishes with little taste... luckily I was disappointed! The food here is AMAZING!  We started with a sampling of appetizers: There's the chicken sausage pizza- one of the better chicken pizzas I've had in a long time. They have CPK beat! The tomato fennel sauce was tangy and the chicken was very flavorful. Next was the edamame dumpling appetizer. The edamame paste inside was good, but the sauce they were served in was so 'delish', it made this appetizer superb! Mealtime: My sister and I split two dishes, the Panang curry and the Red Chili Shrimp. Actually, the kitchen split it for us (score!) since neither of us could decide between the two dishes. As a Curry lover, I was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful the curry was. It had just the right amount of Zing in it, was creamy and overall delicious. I think I have a new favorite dish! While the red chili shrimp was tasty, it was less bold (and memorable) than the curry. For someone who dragged her feet thinking of eating at a 'healthy food restaurant'- I can't wait to eat there again!
4	Really very good. Delicious smoked salmon, and the kid's pizza was the best quality I have seen. The chili shrimp was great, and there were super healthy, non-alcoholic cocktails in addition to a really nice wine list and alcoholic cocktails as well, although I didn't try them. True Food Kitchen is not cheap, but the quality is terrific.
4	Again, another find based on reviews, and again, not disappointed!  Stopped for a late lunch one day, and shared an order of dumplings to get started.  Then, totally enjoyed the Panang Curry and the Steak Tacos.  Both were perfectly prepared.  Service was great, but then we were there at an off time.  Bevgasm'd the Ginger Margarita, but at $11, enjoyed just one!  The prices are pretty steep, which is the reason for one less star.  Lunch for two with a shared appetizer, two entrees,  one cocktail,  a club soda was pushing the mid $60 range!  But....the flavors and execution made it worth the investment!
3	Here on a business trip, and went to dinner with several colleagues.  Was expecting amazing (on the basis of Yelp reviews) but nearly went for a two-star rating.  The place is pretty noisy which made conversation a challenge, and the decor, while sort of hipster (stolen from a previous review) reminded me of a university cafeteria in Sweden.  Maybe the patio would have felt a bit more sophisticated, but it was too chilly on this November evening.  Hummus was fine.  Salad with pomegranate seeds was sort of yummy, (but certainly wouldn't have made Meg Ryan erupt is glorious exclamation) and the pizza was just a tiny bit north of bland.  ALWAYS excited about a truly gourmet pizza, but this one wasn't even close.  Timing has a lot to do with these things, but there are loads of interesting restaurants in the neighborhood.  Don't know that I would choose this one again, even under the guise of eating healthy.
4	Went here for din din when a friend was in town. I had dined at the Baltimore location  and enjoyed their food so I was eager to check out a different dish.When we arrived the hostess greeted us with a friendly smile and asked if we would like to sit out on the heated patio or inside. Being natives of Arizona, we of course opted for the heated patio because this time of year is the reason why snowbirds and transplants come to Arizona. She lead us out to a corner table that had two sides surrounded by a short wall topped with grass which was a nice touch. This location has the patio pretty much in the center of a courtyard so the mild privacy was a plus because I tend to spill things on myself when I eat, cause I'm that classy. Anyhoo, the temperature of the heaters was heavenly! Not too hot, but enough to keep us thin-blooded Arizonians warm.Service was okay. The waiter was nice but never offered to refill our beverages. I had the Cucumber Refresher to drink. This concoction is a combo of cucumber and honey lemonade, pretty refreshing so I probably would have ordered a second one if the waiter would have asked, which would have cause the bill to go up, increasing his tip, but whatevs. Also to note, there was quite  a selection of alcoholic drinks on the menu that are not so great for the liver, but healthy for ones social life. For my entree I ordered the Red chili shrimp which was amazingly delicious! It consisted of sesame noodles, gai lan (that's fancy talk for broccoli), red spinach, and shiitake mushrooms. It had the right amount of spice and I couldn't scarf it down fast enough, dropping only four noodles into my lap (you were warned earlier). Some items can be a little pricey but you are getting quality ingredients. I will definitively be back.
4	Great food and drinks!!
4	nice atmosphere, fresh healthy and organic food and bevs, even the cocktails and wine have organic options! Great for those that are watching their diets, want gluten free etc. but can leave the big guys hungry!
3	I used to be a huge fan of True Food, but the food has gone downhill.. safe to stick with the pizza. Although I will say, they have an egg white sandwich with turkey bacon on the weekends which is delicious. Drinks, on the other hand.. amazing. They will juice anything you ask for. And the Prana martini is definitely one to try.Overall...Totally overpriced. Service has never been that great. And it's too open and loud. Plus bathrooms are outside, which is just annoying if it's cold out.
5	One of the best places to find high quality organic foods for reasonable pricing.  We were able to sit outside at a table with a fire pit which just made the experience even better.  The drink list is extensive and all that we had were super good.  Will be going back to try something new on their menu.
4	Gluten free pizza, loved it. Very healthy fresh drinks
5	Love this place!I'm vegetarian, but my friends and family aren't. It's great that True Food has plenty of options for both, plus those who are gluten free. I highly recommend the TLT sandwich (tempeh, lettuce, tomato) with sweet potato hash or the hummus plate. The hummus plate is enough for your main meal or to be shared with 2-4 people.The pricing is decent--it's what you're going to pay anywhere else in Scottsdale. The only time I had an issue with the service was when they first opened and had snobby hostesses, but I haven't had that problem again. The weekend wait at night can get annoying, but at least they offer free wifi to pass the time.
4	My aunt is trying this new organic, wholistic living thing, so I wasn't all too surprised when she suggested that my family meet her and my uncle at True Food. There were some highs and some lows...Let's start with the drinks. I looked at their fresh drink menu and had an impossibly difficult time deciding. I ended up with the Medicine Man, because an antioxidant blast sounded like the perfect remedy for several days of imbibing over the holidays. Other people at the table ordered the Apple Carrot Ginger Tonic and the Red Moon, and everyone raved about them - definitiely a high. I would go back just for the drinks. The meal (lunch) was good, but different. Not different in a bad way, just in a way that means "I am willing to try new things but sometimes I have ideas about how things should be." So I just surprised with the texture of my Mediterranean Chopped salad, mostly because of the quinoa. It was tasty, just took some getting used to - another high.Unfortunately, the low was that all six of us were pretty uncomfortable throughout the whole meal because we were seated close to one of the sides, right by the door where the waiters and waitresses would enter and exit to take care of the customers outside. Sometimes they would stop and close the door, but most of the time it stayed propped open just long enough to let a chilly blast of air wash over our table. The design of the restaurant isn't particularly easy to understand, specifically because you have to go outside to go to the bathroom and also because it isn't easy to tell where the hostess station is, especially if you come in from the opposite side (by LuLuLemon).Despite the negatives, I'd go back...I'd probably just make sure it was on a sunny, warm day!
5	Love, love this place! My family & I go all the time & have never had a bad meal! Service is good, drinks are wonderful, even the non-alcoholic ones! Edamame dumplings are a must! My only complaint would be the Kale Salad dressing is too lemony & strong. It's delicious healthy food!
5	First time at this place and I can't wait to come back!It was New Years day and the idea of a cocktail made my head spin so we stuck with their juice drinks...just awesome. The cucumber/honey lemonade was fantastic, as was the apple/carrot/ginger juice. I was trying to be extra healthy after a weekend of over-indulgence so I went with the Farmer's Market salad. It was far from any bland scraps of lettuce you may find many others places. The vegetables they used, the textures, and the taste combination made it a great and light meal. Of course we all shared our dishes, which included pot stickers, sea bass with purple potatoes and cabbage, mushroom pizza, and tuna sliders with a kale salad. Everything tasted great and fresh. Maybe the building wasn't intended to be designed to resemble a greenhouse but it reminded me of being inside of one because the walls are all windows and the materials are all natural-looking. The kitchen is open and visible and there is a large bar that faces it. It's a great place to go if you're looking for something healthy but not bland with a trendy but nice and casual environment.
4	This place was awesome! I kept dancing whenever I took a bite of food, it was like VICTORY, I am being healthy and this is still delicious! The menu has a lot of gluten free and vegetarian options, so, just for fun, I tried to make my meal both! I started with the Harvest Chopped salad, which was very good, even though the extras definitely outnumbered the actual number of salad leaves. Then I got the spaghetti squash dish. It was not over-the-top awesome, but it came out hot, the portion was just right, and it was very comforting. The drink options (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are also very fun! The dessert menu even comes with a tea menu! I was charmed.I like this location better than the original one, the space feels more open because it's a free standing building with a patio all around it. It was also fun because while we were waiting for a table we could go check out the other fun Scottsdale Quarter shops! The only downside is that this, like most Fox restaurants, is very loud because of the open floor plan. So be ready to yell at your date from across the table ("HOW IS IT?" "WHAT?" "HOW IS IT?" "I DIDN'T ORDER FISH?"... you get the idea).
5	When one of our spa guests asked me yesterday where she could get a gluten-free pizza that tasted good, I couldn't wait to tell her about True Foods! My girlfriends and I had eaten there last week and we couldnt believe our luck. We had the mediteranean salad which was a revelation, and the kale pesto pizza with sun dried tomatoes. Who knew good food could taste this good?! As the owner of Arizona's largest freestanding resort-style spa, guests expect me to eat healthy. Now I actually want to! Heidi Lamar, Spa Lamar
5	Delicious food, thoughtfully conceived and prepared, nicely presented. Delicious nonalcoholic cocktails. I'll be back!
5	I love True Foods!  Whether we are having an appetizer with drinks or enjoying a meal, the experience is always wonderful.  The organic tomato and kale pizza is SO yummy!  I love to sit on the patio next to the fountains on a nice night.
3	The food was great.  We ordered dinner (3 courses).  The food tasted great. Wow it was good.  The next time I go I will eat before I go- The portions were to too small.  That is my only complaint.
4	Really like how the food is fresher and healthier! It's also very light, and you do not leave feeling too full or sick! The mushroom pizza is delicious, and the lettuce wraps are pretty good. Also, the desserts are tasty.It is a bit pricey for what you get however - I am not a big eater, and I ate the lettuce wraps and pizza on my own without feeling that full. It's nice to feel good after the meal, but I wish the prices were slightly cheaper. Maybe it's to cover the costs of the better ingredients?
4	YUMMM! We go to True Food for lunch as often as we possibly can! Love it! Natural, whole foods prepared to perfection. My fave: Kale Salad with Grilled Salmon. Simple and delicious. Hubby's fave: grilled turkey burger with a side of kale salad and the sweet potato hash. Their fresh squeezed juices are wonderful.  Somewhat slow service can be overlooked considering the delicous eats! If service was improved, would have a solid 5 stars.
3	I've always hoped for a restaurant that serves the more obscure veggies, you know...the ones least picked over in your grocers produce section.Well wait no more, that time has come.True Foods.A unique concept, featuring items like quinoa, kale, and brussel sprouts, even the lowly 'nips'....parsnips and turnips.The flavors are noteworthy. The preparation and presentation, also honorable mention. One little problem.The portions are small and, for the luxury of not having to buy a dozen different veggies, taking them home, peeling and roasting them, they charge a small fortune. The other problem is how I'm never satiated here, often finding myself hungry afterward.True Foods is like a Chinese hooker.I'm always horny an hour later.
4	Dine there for lunch and dinner  frequently and am never disappointed.  Recommend! If healthy eating is your thing, this is one place you can stick to your plan.  Vegan and Gluten-Free Options are available and in a variety of items.  Enjoy!
4	Wow! Great place for healthy, fresh food! Lots of Vegetarian/Vegan options as well as gluten free. The menu seems to be slightly inspired by Japanese cuisine as many Japanese ingredients are featured (like yuzu and umami). In fact, I had pan seared sea bass with a umami sauce with shitake mushrooms, purple potatoes, grilled brussel sprouts....it was so good! The umami (a paste made out of a Japanese plum, which, correct me if I'm wrong, is fermented) added a nice layer of flavor...very savory, almost like salt with extra flavor.We also ordered some appetizers, the raw fish of the day was albacore and was SO FRESH!! WOW, that stuff was good! We also ordered the edamame dumplings, which had mixed reviews at our table........My husband ordered the curry, which he LOVED, though it was a bit too spicy for him, but he said it was so good, he still couldn't stop eating it (they brought him extra rice to absorb the heat, lol)Desserts were so exciting! Thank you for the dairy-free options! I had apple-crisp with vanilla mapple ice cream, which was completely vegan and very rich (I couldn't finish!)Our waitress was super friendly and very helpful. A+ service!!! The restaurant itself is very sleek looking with a kind of a 'green' vibe....check out their herb garden in the back of the restaurantThere were many things that looked good on the menu, I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more!
5	We have been here twice and have enjoyed both the food and the service. Both times we sat at the bar and we treated like a regulars. When we returned for our second visit we we welcomed back, that was a nice feeling. You have to try the skinny margarita, THEY ARE THE BEST! So far everything we have tried is very good and it is worth the drive since we live in Glendale, it is a bit of a trek but well worth it.
5	Tonight I had the Apple, Carrot Ginger Tonic, Andy's Favorite TLT (tempeh, lettuce and tomato) and the Banana Chocolate Tart. Everything was great but oh wow that Banana Chocolate Tart from True Food Kitchen is pure bliss the flavor profile is simply divine.
3	The food is good and healthy, but I just wish they were a bit nicer when seating people. They totally discriminate against people who what to go there by themselves for lunch and make you wait until the restaurant is virtually half empty before giving you a table.No classy restaurant does this, if there is a table for two available, they will seat a party of one or two in order, but with these guys, I guess its all about maximizing profits. They'll seat you immediately if there is two of you but tell you there is a 30 to 45 minute wait if you're just one person. For a place that typically costs $20 to $30 for a simple sandwich and a healthy drink, you would think they wouldn't act so cheap.
4	Thought I should give a update for True Food since I've been back numerous times since my last visit, and it's definitely going to be one of the 'frequent' places! The food has been consistently great, i'm not going to complain anything about the portion cuz they are just good for me :p I love how they pair sweet potatoes and kale salad for most of sandwiches, they are not only tasty, but also so good for you! The only drawback is that they don't take reservations for a party that's less than 8 people...you gotta wait for at least 40mins for a dinner on a busy Friday or Saturday, so if you are on a tight schedule, I wouldn't recommend it...
4	Part of the Fox restaurant group (foxrc.com). Although it has the feel of a chain, it is surprisingly unique. The food is excellent, organic and uses local ingredients when possible. Service was outstanding. So was the menu which changes regularly. Wine list is also excellent - all organic and sustainable. And they have a superb selection of "natural refreshments". I ordered the Panang curry and will order it again the next time. I'll certainly return.
4	Great place to eat well and eat healthy.  the food options are great and light but satisfying at the same time.  The Red Chili Shrimp is so good.  but the restaurant favorite seems to be the Spaghetti Squash Casserole. The drinks are good and have nice refreshing options like the acai pomegranate mojito.
4	I love the decor of this place.  It is bright, airy and colorful...a warm welcoming environment.  And the decor matched the staff.  What wonderful customer service!  I was greeted very warmly.  I couldn't decide on a salad due to one of the ingredients it had that I typically don't like.  A second server went to get me a sample of said veggie and it turned out to be really good and fresh tasting!  My bartender explained to me that their produce is shipped fresh locally everyday.  I ordered the Farmer's Market Salad and the Kale-Aid.  The Salad was a little unexpected as the veggies are served tender, but it was tasty.  The Kale Aid was SO good!!!  I'm definitely coming back to dine in and luxuriate!
5	Amazing selection of food. Vegetarian and vegan friendly. Great service. High quality food and great selection of wines. Reasonably priced. Wonderful atmosphere and great outdoor seating. What else do you want?? :)
4	When guilt meets pleasure, and you find yourself squarely in the intersection of "Time to break-up with this crazy bitch' and "But she really is the best blowjob in 48 contiguous states" , something has got to give.What do you do?Take her to True Foods, the perfect place for a break-up.It's ultra-modern decor means your table setting is minimalist, with it's little tiny salt and pepper shakers, and one tiny little flower in a tiny little vase.And, the eating utensils aren't brought out until your lunch arrives.Major bonus.Why? Because just after the hostess seats you both, and upon breaking the news you're finished, whatever she decides to pickup off the table to throw at you won't even raise a small welt. She's sure to storm out after that, making your trip here a double bonus.You've finally gotten rid of this nut job (no pun) and can now afford to eat here more often.Try the Blood Orange refresher, the turkey burger and the kale salad for lunch.Eat slowly my friend, and savor the flavors. Of True Foods.Of your newly found freedom.And of that pride of cougars at the next table who are now staring at you, as your one-man pity-party lures them into a web of deceit.I love True Foods.
4	This is one of my favorite places. I love the all-natural, healthy menu, and all the wonderful beverages - not the usual sodas. The atmosphere is very contemporary and trendy with a garden feel. It's a fun place to go for lunch with the girl friends!
5	The hummus is to die for. Best turkey burger I have ever had and their sweet potato hash makes an amazing side. Mix all of that with some loose leaf tea, great service and one of of the best patio areas and it makes for a great meal!
4	Great food and atmosphere!You will feel so healthy after you have eaten here. Lots of vegan and gluten-free items on the menu, if you're into that sort of thing. My family isn't vegetarian, but they have organic meats too... win, win for all!Awesome fresh squeezed juices.  GREAT sweet potato hash and kale salad. Yum. Loved the vinegar dressing on that salad.  We all tried some new things and liked it. Waitress was very upbeat and friendly, putting up with my 9-year old daughter's incessant questions and conversation. :)  She gave us info about travel to Sedona or the Grand Canyon and welcomed us spring breakers to her town warmly.We would definitely recommend this restaurant and go back next time we are in town. Had about a 30 minute wait, so we ventured into the Nike store across from it, and the Buckle for some good shopping. Great shopping area too and good people watching. Sat outside in the open air... lovely!
4	Good food. Great drinks.  Large menu with lots of healthy choices.  Odd they won't reveal their nutritional information though.  This place is too popular for its own good...I tried going on a Friday afternoon, and there was an hour wait.  Ridiculous!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  The food is extra amazing and consistent and the added benefit of knowing you are eating healthy is a home run!The summary states its not good for kids, and I am confused by this.  We bring our 4 kids and they LOVE it.  I see kids in here all the time without any problem...we should be setting a good, healthy example of eating for our kids.My only vice with True Food is that they are VERY expensive.  When you are buying organig in massive bulk like they do, it just shouldn't cost $18 for a lunch portion of steak tacos.  I can't get my family of 6 out of there without dropping $100 MINIMUM!  That hurts, as we would LOVE to eat here all the time, but we would be broke!Dont ever leave this place without having the flourless chocolate cake with real vanilla bean ice cream!  OMG!!!!!!  Heaven!!!
5	Fantastic find for delicious, healthy food and good service!! A local friend said that they'd heard good things but hadn't been yet. They asked us to check it out., so we went for a late lunch mid-week and it was still jam packed (30 minute wait) at 1:30 p.m.. We sat at the bar and received terrific service. The fish tacos, steak tacos, bison burger and desserts were all delicious.It is an open-air style restaurant where you can see into the kitchen. All ingredients are super fresh and the culinary quality is extremely high given that they can make even the healthiest things taste wonderful. I strongly recommend this to anyone looking for a healthy food alternative.
4	Very good food. The kale salad is amazing! I don't think I have had something I didn't like here!
4	Had a great lunch there today and I have to say that we absolutely loved it! Great location and love the outdoor covered seating! Excellent food. The Thai Shrimp dumplings were a hit as were the Spicy Miso Edamame! The beautiful wife had a tasty sashimi tuna salad -- a bit plain but still good. I had the Spicy Red Chili Shrimp noodles! It was very tasty! So many wonderful things on the menu; all pretty healthy too! Can't wait to go back!
5	Went here again yesterday and was blown away again by the service and the food. The managers that work here are very professional, friendly, and know how to run a restaurant. Friendly bartenders and waiters/waitresses also. Even though the place is packed and everyone is so busy, they look like they're having fun and still take time to make customers feel special. :)
5	We had dinner there, the place is always packed. Once you eat there you will know why. The food was amazing. We ordered this "The natural" drink, ohh the flavors I loved them. Then came the Mediterranean salad, very good, then the Kale something pizza, which was totally completely unique... We ordered cheese ravioli from the kids menu for my son. My son just loved it, i mean i know my son, he is so picky and fussy about his food and it was just 6 o clock and he ate his meal very nicely, that means it was sure was delicious.We are vegans so great for us. The food was so healthy and fresh, we just loved it
5	Always fresh, always good....love this place!  It's probably not the right choice if you're expecting the typical restaurant menu with food that's heavy on the salt and/or sugar.
4	This is a place that you want to go to if you're looking for fresh clean food- not if you want a large meal.  I left satisfied but not full.  The prices are a bit steeper for the amount of food that you get- but you are paying for quality, not quantity.  I opted for a salad which hit the spot- but could have been a tad bigger.... as a result we definitely had room for dessert.  I recommend the apple crisp :)
5	Truly an original experience. All the food was fresh and wonderful. The presentation was marvelous, the service was great. A little pricey at almost $25/per person with tip. I don't mind paying though...the rent in this cool place must be sky high! Definitely a place to experience!PS...the Sweet Potato Hash is a must!UPDATE: I didn't add my bill/tip right but they did (when I got the CC statement) it was $10 bucks lower! Honesty earned them the 5th star! Thanks, guys!
2	Meh. True Foods fails to deliver on the facade it presents. It's easy to buy what they're selling, but what they're selling isn't food--it's the belief that you're suddenly a healthy person by eating their food. I've tried quite a few different things, and nothing is as flavorful or special as they want you to think it is. If you want people to think you're a health- and environmentally-focused Scottsdale-ite, you'd be in good company. If you want good food that is good for you, the environment and your wallet, look elsewhere--you have plenty of better options.
5	Yes. Yes, yes, yes. So fresh and flavorful and delicious and modern and healthy (mostly) and varied and spicy, sweet, crunchy... Seriously. So good. We sat at the bar. Always sit at the bar. It's not on the menu, but one of the bartenders (I wish I remembered his name!) makes a damn good spicy Bloody Mary. And it's not Sunday Brunch without a Bloody Mary. I had the Spicy Shrimp noodle something or other. It was awesome. The broth was spicy, there were a lot of shrimp and vegetables and the noodles were the perfect texture. I had the hardest time picking what I wanted because everything on the menu sounds and looks awesome. I can't wait to go back!
2	OVERHYPED! Food is bland and tasteless but great atmosphere.We went here and ordered a variety of food (an appetizer, a soup, a salad, 4 entrees, and a dessert).  This place is great for a happy hour and to kick it as the environment is spacious and hip and full of good looking people, but other than that, the food is very overpriced and every dish besides the bison burger was bland and tasteless.  They infuse a lot of culture into their menu but everything is so generic and americanized with absolutely no WOW factor.
4	Had lunch today for the sixth time, fast service, great fish tacos, my guest had the curryExpensive but good
3	True Food rates as a 3.5 for me.  It's a good choice for those that are wanting to eat some healthier, lighter fare.  It's also a good choice for vegetarians, as there are many items on the menu that, while lacking meat, are so flavorful that you don't really need the meat in it.  I've had the hummus and the edamame dumplings, and both have been quite good.  I've also tried the banh-mi wrap and the TLT, and although both are very tasty, I liked the TLT a little more (perhaps due to the smoky bacon-like taste of the tempeh).  Drinks, while expensive, are freshly made, and the Red moon I tried was delicious.  The sides I had with the sandwich were just OK.  The sweet potato hash was overcooked so there were a lot of burnt bits on my plate, and the kale salad tasted too sour to me.In general, prices are a bit high, but that's probably to be expected for this area.
4	KALE. KALE. KALE. who knew it could be so delicious? Had it in my salad and on my pizza. I love wood-fired pizza!The spicy edamame was a nice way to start our meal. My girlfriend and I were STARVING after waiting 30 minutes for a table. We scarfed it down in minutes. Then we decided to just eat at the bar. The martinis are SO fresh & creative. (but expensive!) The kitchen is open so you can see your food being prepared.No complaints about service.
4	This place always has friendly service but the wait time is always awful. I really like their chicken chopped salad. Last time I ventured here, I tried the hangover RX juice drink and liked it. No sugar, just good ol' juice! Things I like about this place besides the salad, is the friendly service I have always received. People working here seem to be happy which makes the dining experience even better! I also like the fact while I am waiting to be seated, (which averages about 30 minutes each time I come here) I am able to go to shops close by and do a little retail therapy.Note for people who like things salty and super sweet, you wont like it here. Their food is actually healthy and lacks all the nasty sodium!
3	Ate an early dinner here on Sunday before our scheduled movie at iPic.  The interior reminds me of Jamba Juice - same color scheme.  Our server was Caitlin and she's very knowledgeable about the menu items.  She recommended the grilled shrimp spring rolls as a starter, but apparently that item is very popular and they were out.  We opted to start with the Thai shrimp dumplings ($11), which consisted of diced shrimp, basil, mint, and jalapeno.  The dumplings were served in a sweet and sour sauce, which I believe was made out of fish sauce (think Vietnamese nuoc cham).  The dumplings were light, refreshing and very good.I ordered the red chilli shrimp for my entree ($18), which consisted of gai lan (Chinese kale), spinach, Shiitake mushrooms, and sesame noodles stir-fried in a spicy sauce.  This was DELICIOUS!  Just the right amount of sweet, salty and heat. The shrimps were huge and cooked perfectly.   To be honest, I was surprised at how "Asian tasting" this entree was.  My friend ordered the spaghetti squash casserole ($13), which consisted of shredded squash, tomato, zucchini, and loads of mozzarella - baked to gooey goodness.  I'm not much of a cheese gal, but the couple of bites I had of this was pretty tasty.  I liked the consistency of the "squash spaghetti".  I enjoyed the dinner experience here and left feeling like I did my body good.  ;P
2	True, it is food.What kind and how it taste?  Well let's break it.  We ordered the Shrimp Spring Rolls to start.  It was bland, but with the sauce it had some kick. Next up, the Kale salad...mmmm kale with a splash of lemon - the fairest of them all!  I'll pass on the poison apples - it's not good for my health. Finally, we ordered the Turkey Bolognese. It was undercooked pasta with ground turkey....huh. Overall, I thought I could have made all this at home and probably taste the same, and I'm no Chef.Service was good, everyone seemed relaxed and I wasn't sure if I should have busted out my Yoga mat with this crowd (Namaste) - Ambience was loud and very green. Almost too pretentious - "We're green and healthy, eat this food, it's like hugging a polar bear." Don't get me wrong I'm all for the environment, but I like Pandas better haha - Enjoy!
2	I think I'll have to go again to try what others rave about...  I experienced friendly, attentive service, refreshing cucumber, citrus margarita but the Tuscan Kale salad- blah! The Kale was well-prepared and very good, but the dish needed something more than a dry slab of salmon. Boring!  Also, we had to wait for a table, but nearly every table of two was sitting at a table for 4 that was designed to be split for more seating- why wouldn't they use their available seating to it's potential?!?! Annoying.
5	I love True Foods Kitchen, the only thing that would make it better would be a location on the beach in Hawaii. The food was wonderful and fresh, and the hand-made refreshments were to-die-for. True Foods Kitchen is my new favorite restaurant.
1	Absolute worst service for average but overpriced food. Server Kailen/jamien at the bar was extremely rude took him 10 minutes to get just a drink never mind the 30 min wait for the food. Also goes by AM bar on the receipt. Boo.
5	True Foods is one of my favorite places to eat and drink!  Great food and fantastic service.  The bar is the best place to sit, always crowded and fun to chat with the bar tenders and the patrons sitting around me.
3	Been to True Food on several  occasions. The service is very good and people are friendly.   I appreciate healthy meals and their menu has a lot of good choices.  For a normal guy, the portions are pretty small.  So I always leave hungry.  I wouldn't mind ordering additional appetizers or entrees, but the prices are high for the portion sizes served. It can be a little pretentious, but in general I enjoy the atmosphere.  Probably not go back.
1	I really wanted to like this restaurant.  Every time I have walked by it, there are tons of people eating there.  Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is very trendy and so are the patrons.  The food is just NOT GOOD and the entrees are OVERPRICED!I went for brunch this past Saturday. The market scramble was highly recommended by the waitress as being "out of this world."  I took her recommendation, and what I was ultimately served was an egg with a couple pieces of zucchini and onion over undercooked chopped sweet potato "Hash".  There was no symphony of tastes, in fact "bland" and/or "flavorless" are quite  appropriate adjectives.  No one at the table finished all of their meals, and not because the portion size was too big.  Everyone had the same opinion of the food. It was a complete disappointment for the party of 3, and worse yet, the check with tip was over $50 (and no, we did not  order any alcoholic beverages--just 2 coffees and a diet Pepsi).The food was not good.  I don't know what the allure of this place is.  Its my guess that some people want to see and be seen when they have lunch; I prefer to have a good meal that tastes good and  not  to feel like I am being robbed when it comes time  to pay the bill.  Next time I'm at the Scottsdale Quarter/Kierland, I'm going to P.F. Chang's for lunch.
5	I stopped at True Food Kitchen with a girlfriend a few weeks ago in the Scottsdale Quarter.  We both started with a glass of wine and a generous portioned hummus appetizer. I then had a chicken salad and my girlfriend the tacos.  Everything was so deliciously organic and reasonably priced. I would definitely stop back for round two!
4	Good food.  I'd like there to be more vegan options and please give nutritional information!
1	Walked in last nite around 630, sat at bar. Dining room was busy but bar quiet. Horrible service, dirty glassware. Rude bartender. Mushy albacore sashimi, coulda used a straw to eat itDidn't order a entree , left
5	I love that there are restaurants pushing healthy food. I love that this restaurant has an endless menu of vegetarian options, which is an odd (in a good way) feeling while trying to decide what to order when eating out. I'll admit that the food could use more flavor in the way of more herbs and spices, but overall I really like this place and will come back. The atmosphere is great and service is attentive. I had:- Herb hummus: Regular hummus dressed up with greek crudites (olives, cucumber, tomato, feta, etc) served with yummy soft pita bread. This is a great app to share.- Meditterean Salad: Like two meals in one. It was mostly quinoa and my only complaint is that it should come with with more lettuce/arugula or be relabeled as a Quinoa Salad. There were tons of yummy feta and marcona almonds which with the quinoa made a very filling meal.- Strawberry seasonal soda: Yum - fruity and spritzer and so refreshing! Kind of pricey at $4 with no refill, but so perfect for a warm summer day.
5	I hit the True Food Kitchen on 4th of July, because I received an email for a 25% off discount at a Fox restaurant. True Food is one of my favorites, so I called up my best friend and we headed over. I highly recommend the tomato and watermelon salad. It's so light and refreshing. We also ordered the lemon tart. It was delicious as well. Every time I hit this restaurant, I receive excellent service! The food and drinks are always beyond delicious as well.
4	Superb combo of tasty food, comfortable setting, and good for you.We started with the shrimp dumplings (pretty good) and the chicken tortilla soup (yummy though I usually hate beans).  We weren't sure about the kids' menu items.  They sound like synonyms for "twigs" and "gravel", but the apple, banana; strawberry sandwich was a hit.  Grass Fed Bison Burger and the Fish Tacos were uber yum.  My wife isn't a fan of mushrooms, but the shiitake add flavor and texture with the parmesan flakes. I chose the kale salad as my side and found myself scarfing it down.  The fish tacos were very flavorful.  Chose the Almond Cake for dessert-- small but fresh and tasty.  Left thinking, "Yes, I scarfed kale.  Who knew it could be good?"We'll definitely hit this place again.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants!!  I love all the delicious healthy options.  I feel that this location at Scottsdale Quarter is much better than the Biltmore location.  The atmosphere and food are both better here.  Everything I have tried here is great, including their drinks, so you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  The only person who might not like this restaurant is someone who prefers "unhealthy" or greasy foods ;)
3	I was in town visiting a friend, and he suggested we check out True Food Kitchen. At first glance, I was in love. It was an awesome setting - the lights were just dim enough, the kitchen was out in the open, the hostess was friendly. Without one glance at the menu, it had everything I needed to call it a great place.We ended up sitting at the bar because the wait was long and we were hungry; I'm glad we did. The bartenders were all friendly, but not in a you're-in-my-restaurant-I-have-to-be-nice kind of way. They were genuinely kind, and before we knew it, we were all engaged in a conversation about the name of the Oxy-Clean guy. It's Billy Mays, in case you forgot. The drinks were great (the acai mojito made my life), which was the icing on the cake.The food was alright. Being from a small town in the Midwest where Applebees is considered fine dining, I was excited to see their menu with just the right amount of options. I wish I would have branched out a little farther than the steak tacos, because I'm sure I was missing out on something better. We split the heirloom tomato & watermelon salad and it was a hit, but aside from that, everything was just alright. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth writing home about. With that being said, it was definitely better than Applebees.Bottom line? If you value good service and a relaxed atmosphere, it's worth checking out.
2	Be sure to read the menu BEFORE sitting down. Not everyone can find food they will like here. I ended up here with some friends on search for brunch. Not really a breakfast place unless you want lunch items. Food was perhaps too healthy for our tastes - kale with a burger? I asked to see the kid's menu hoping that they may have something more traditional on that, but alas, more items concocted from a health food store. Food was a bit bland and tasted like what I make at home.This restaurant is great for people who love 'super healthy' food, but not folks looking for healthy/normal food.
4	Great selection of natural, local (when possible) food.  Menu changes with the season.  I had the Steak Tacos which were great.  A bit small, but they were very good.  I tried an off menu watermelon soda (that they make there) and it was really good.  Not a huge watermelon fan, but the drink turned me into one!
5	Excellent food and better than excellent service.  Melonie at the bar was outstanding!  The sea bass was good not great, turkey burger and pudding were outstanding.
4	We have been to True Food at the Quarter about 4 times - it is definitely our favorite Fox restaurant geared after Dr. Andrew Weil's Diet.  The food is good some are better then others.  The mushroom pizza was good the first time but not so good the 2nd time.  The appetizer with all the fresh organic veggies is good but the price of $11.00 is kind of high for veggies with two sauces. All portions are very small so if you are very hungry you might go elsewhere or get 2 entrees.  The appetizers some are bigger than others so ask how many you get before ordering.  Lots of the entrees have soy in them and they do not have Non-GMO soy so this is a downer and not all of the ingredients is Organic so make sure you ask before you order.  The dairy free pudding and the lemon cake were a hit.  the flourless cake was way too little for the price tag.  Expect to pay a lot for little portions and some good food and you will be okay.  the atmosphere in the quarters with the mist outside is great and the wait staff rocks, they will answer all your questions and bring you samples of all the food before you order. Great customer service
4	The fact that it is right across from the Apple store means they have instant cool-factor and credibility.   : )  But seriously, the food was good.  I had a strawberry salad with grilled chicken that was outstanding and really enjoyed it.  The portion size of the chicken was amazing.  Service was prompt, efficient, friendly and not intrusive for our really nice lunch.
3	We stopped in for a light, quick lunch and clink of glasses to celebrate closing on our new home. We clearly made it after any lunch rush - if they had one. Very sparsely occupied with patrons. It took longer than acceptable to get water and then even longer to get our celebratory glass of white wine. Was wondering if it would be time for dinner before we got our lunch. The food we ordered was very good and our server was delightful - just too much waiting.
4	I finally stopped in True Food Kitchen for a quick bite to eat with 2 kids. I ordered the spaghetti squash casserole (I love spaghetti squash) and the kids ordered teriyaki chicken bowl and ravioli. I really liked my spaghetti squash - just right portion size and very tasty. The kids teriyaki bowl with quinoa was excellent!! The ravioli was a bit small portion-wise, and wasn't as appealing as the teriyaki, but still good.The service was fast and friendly and the food came out very quickly - which we appreciated since we were on a tight schedule. We were here at 4pm though, so there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. Nice atmosphere, and the patio was lovely (although we didn't sit out there because it was August). The bill was $30, which seems a bit steep considering I didn't have anything but water. I guess that's what you pay in Scottsdale Quarter for fresh, organic food though. Still, it just seems a bit overpriced.
3	All my veggie friends love this place.  Offers gluten free meals too.  Enjoy their summer squash casserole.  Tried their corn and hatch chili pizza w/kale pesto which I enjoyed.  Somewhat noisy and always crowded.  They comp'd us a flourless chocolate cake for a birthday we celebrated.  Nice touch.  Lunch & diner menu is the same.  Get here early or you'll find yourself waiting.
4	We really enjoyed our visit to True Food Kitchen. The service was excellent and the food was...FRESH! I had the watermelon and heirloom tomato salad. It was scrumptious. The place was open, airy, and fun! I would definitely go back the next time I'm in the Scottsdale Quarter and bring friends too!
5	Tried this restaurant out tonight... not having the highest hopes. I mean, come on, it is a "healthy" restaurant". I was pleasantly surprised. The food is pretty amazing. I had a pizza and my friend had a rice bowl. They were both tasty and decent sizes. Not too big and not too small. We didnt have any drinks, appetizers, or desserts... but what we did eat was tasty. I will be going back in the near future.
4	I came here for a dinner with family, it was about 15 of us. It was a great atmosphere ( we sat outside) food was delicious, and the service was fast! We had a great time here.
5	This is one of my favorite Fox restaurants.  The food is fresh and quality is high.  It satisfies both my vegetarian and meat eating friends.  We always sit at the bar (although sometimes it's packed) because the bartenders are probably the best in town.I recommend the steak tacos and kale salad.
3	This is a healthier restaurant concept based on the anti-inflammatory diet.  Not all of the dishes are healthy in a traditional sense of the word, but they all include ingredients  that are supposed to reduce inflammation (cause of disease) in the body.  The spaghetti squash casserole was really very good.  Two thumbs up by all at the table.The kale pizza was good as well. The crust was especially tasty.The kale -aid was also tasty at first.Here are the issues that need to be resolved for me to want to return (or to try the one in Santa Monica):Service was terrible!  Our server had time to give us a two minute spiel about the concept behind the restaurant, but he took over 10 minutes to bring us water back and then we waited another 5 or so for a different waiter to bring us the kale aid.  Fresh juice has enzymes (which was part of his spiel) but using the juicer they use, will die off in less than 6 minutes if not consumed.  Bummer.  It also was filled to the brim with ice.  First off, fresh juice does not need to be that cold.  Second, when it's 105 degrees outside, the ice is going to melt in just a few short minutes, causing the juice to be extremely watered down and rather tasteless.  Give me a smaller cup and less or no ice please!  (and the price! it's much cheaper per ounce to get juice at the whole foods juice bar!)We specifically asked our server if the kale pizza had anything other than goat cheese on it and he said no.  It showed up with some other kind of melted cheese.  I asked what kind of cheese it was.  He told me it wasn't cheese.  I asked what it was if it wasn't cheese.  He said ricotta.  (oh god.)  I told him that ricotta was cheese and I asked if someone could walk me through the ingredients of the pizza so i could figure out if i could eat it.  5 or so minutes later a manager can by and told me that the pizza had ricotta, fontina, parmesan, and mozzarella (don't quote me on that).  Hey, I am just lactose sensitive, but imagine if it was a nut allergy or worse!  Bummer again.They fired another pizza for us, but by the time it came out, we needed to leave and my son and hubs had pulled off a lot of the cheese from the first pizza and eaten it.  I wanted to really LOVE this place.  We are loyal customers, but the blend of bad service and under-trained staff make this not a safe bet for me.  I need to feel confident that when I ask a server a question that they will answer truthfully or have the initiative and pride in their job to find out the answer. Too bad.  I love me some whole food nutrition!!
4	Yummy hummus and pitas! Healthy food for all!
2	Here is what really gets me - THEY DON'T POST NUTRITIONAL CONTENT OF THEIR FOOD!!!  The claim is that "we change our menu so often it would be impracticable" but they DO NOT CHANGE THE MENU!  I have been going to this restaurant since it opened, the menu is virtually identical.  And my guess is that when they create new items, they probably figure out the nutritional content. So we have a supposed "healthy" restaurant that won't post nutritional information, what does that tell you?????  Shame shame shame on your true foods.
4	Sweet Potato Hash - Not a sweet potato fan, but thought I would give it a try.  It is very good.  Order it extra crispy and its like little nuggets of goodness.Kale Salad - Who knew I would like kale?  It was very good.Bison burger - Excellent.  The sauteed onions are great.Grilled Shrimp Fresh Roll - Very good, great peanut sauce on the side.Honey Lemonade - Awesome!Someone else in the party had the Spaghetti squash casserole and said it was very good.I've been twice now.  Got there at 11:00 both times and sat right away.  By the time I've left, its standing room only.  So go early.
5	This place is amazing, talk about great atmosphere, incredible customer service, great attitudes, and... of course incredible... healthy food. I don't get to come down here much, but when I do, the steak taco's are incredible. Anytime I have a visitor in from out of town, I make a point to come to True Food. The only drawback?.. its popular, its good, so you have to be patient and wait for a table on a busy day. All-in-All, one of my favorite restaurants in the valley!
4	Quite a variety on menu, choices for vegetarians and everyone else.  Had spaghetti casserole because of favorable mentions on Yelp.  It was good but not as good as I'd expected.  My husband had a buffalo burger with sweet potato hash which was cooked just right.  Waiter was helpful quick and friendly.
3	Great service, menu limited for carnivore types, ginger soda was excellent, the chicken curry was excellent as well. The teriyaki shrimp was not authentic teriyaki and some of the shrimp were undercooked. Mixed results overall. My Filipina wife rated it 2 stars, I rated it 4, hence the 3.
5	Love love love their Mediterranean salad, with or without a side of salmon - absolutely delicious!   Service is always prompt and attentive.   One of my favorite places for lunch or dinner.
5	TF always delivers excellent, healthy food that is simply delicious.  Yes, you may wait a few minutes to get a table, but it is worth the time.  Check out their herb garden.
5	I LOVE True Foods Kitchen! The staff is always so friendly and helpful!! Brandon and Megan Helped me yesterday and our whole table loved them. I personally love the shaved turkey with sweet potato hash on the side but everything Ive had there is exceptional!!
2	Warning:If you are not a veggie/vegan or expect a good quantity of food per $. RUN don't walk from this place.$16 for a burger with a crappy bun? Gimme a break.Hummus was good, maybe because i don't know the price.Apple crisp with a scoop of ice cream was overly sweet and small.(wishing it was a pizza cookie the whole time....)Yeah i know i'm not the healthiest eater, but i'm in good shape and like large portions and tasty food. This place had neither.Walk a couple hundred feet to Brio and make a custom pasta dish. You will be glad you did and so will your wallet.
3	Ok.  I had lunch at the Scottsdale quarter location on my birthday and I guess I was just underwhelmed.  Service was so-so, food wasn't special and they forgot to bring out the cake my mom called ahead for.  The outside patio is beautiful though especially by the bathrooms
5	Same as my review of their Biltmore location (yum). Last weekend I went for brunch after yoga on the fountains. I ordered the egg & sweet potato hash which was a ton of food. I also ordered the kale smoothie which wasn't fabulous, but healthy, which was what I was going for.
4	I've been to this TFK more times than I can count, so I can't believe I haven't reviewed it until now.  (I have reviewed the Biltmore location).I've been here alone, in small groups of 2-4, in larger groups of 5+, with and without my toddler.  I've never had a bad experience.  That says a lot.  The food is consistent, healthy, and delicious.  The service is attentive.  The atmosphere is lively.  The bathrooms are clean.This has become a go-to place for us to meet friends that live in North Scottsdale as it's kind of half-way...Standout items on the brunch menu in my opinion are the johnnycakes and the open faced egg white omelette.  I enjoy the "bright eyes" drink as well.  For lunch/dinner, you really can't go wrong but some of my faves are the vegetable crudite appetizer, the kale salad with salmon, the pan seared sea bass, teriyaki brown rice bowl.  You can't go wrong with their turkey burger either, and their pizzas are great for kids!On the FRC website, they say that "At True Food Kitchen, we want you to feel better, live longer, and make your mouth happy in the process."  I'd say they are making good on their mission - one meal at a time!****It's worth noting that the parking situation at Scottsdale Quarter is either in the big lot or valet unless you have really good parkma and score a spot on the street nearby.
5	Kale. Turkey Burger. Sweet Potatoes. Need I say more? I'm in love with this place. Awesome location, awesome food... the staff is extremely friendly and so is the management. I'm already planning my next trip back!
4	Great Fox restaurant with more veggie-friendly plates. The squash casserole is so good!  I also ALWAYS order a honey lemonade.  If its nice weather an you want something light, check it out.
3	I visit Scottsdale 2-3X a year, so when my girlfriend suggested we meet a TrueFood she was shocked I hadn't been there. When I saw the crowds at this place, I was shocked too. I wanted to LOVE True Food Kitchen. Its a fantastic concept. And I was really excited to be eating whole, healthy foods at a restaurant. My first visit, we had the crudite. It was gorgeous. And tasty. And there was so much of it. I let myself indulge though because, well, it was VEGGIES. But my body was revolting, so I had to go with the hamburger for lunch. NOT the Turkey Burger - the Bison Burger. It was very good. My next visit (yes, twice in a week. Crazy, huh?!)  was somewhat unforgettable. I don't remember what I had. Both times, the service was "good." Once it was great. I the atmosphere is very nice. The thing is, something was missing. I wasn't in love. I don't know, maybe I need a little fried food in my life. Or bacon. Everything was spot-on and yet...I'm just not crazy about it. I feel like there are so many other restaurants in the neighborhood that I love that I doubt I'll be back. But don't let that stop you from going. Lots of people seemed to love it.
5	I have been here 10+ times and have been satisfied each time.  I love, love the alcohol free drinks and am anxiously waiting for the blood red oranges to come back into season!  I especially like the salads, particularly the Mediterranean with grilled chicken.
3	Great food small portions big price
5	My dream restaurant!  I wish we had one here in MI.  I'm fortunate to get to visit my mom in Scottsdale many times a year and always forget to review the places we dine when I'm there. So, here is one VERY deserving review.  The menu makes you want to try everything.  On my many visits I've had fish tacos, spaghetti squash, kale salad, veg crudites, shiitake lettuce cups.  ALL so clean, fresh and delicious. From what I understand most of the food is local and bought from sustainable sources and it reflects in the finished product.  They offer such a fun variety of drinks and many different healthy concoctions for those that don't want to imbibe.  The service is top-notch and I have never had even one remotely bad experience with the staff!  My mom is lucky enough to live near The Quarter and gets to go here often.  She even carrys-out at least once a wk.  JEALOUS!
5	I AM GOING TO EXCLAIM THIS IN CAPITAL LETTERS BECAUSE IT IS SIMPLY A TRUTH THAT ALL OF HUMANKIND SHOULD BE AWARE OF!! Fox Restaurant Concepts are PERFECT. Now, you should know, I don't say this about many places... Or people, or things.. But when it comes to Fox, one cannot go wrong. True Food is just one of the many Fox Valley restaurants I completely adore. Craving Italian? Head to North Fattoria Italiana in Arcadia. Need your pizza fix at work? Sauce is definitely the place to be. Truffle fries and fine dining with a modern twist? Olive and Ivy. Super cool comfort food that will fill you up and make you want to frequent Downtown Phoenix.. every night? Arrogant Butcher. Gosh darn it, even the names of these hotspots are uber cool!Sam Fox is simply a genius. His concepts are flawless, food is impeccable and staff? CONSISTENTLY the best service I ever receive at any establishment. Shout out to Brock and the accommodating/super-friendly staff who took care of me tonight at True Food @ the Quarter! I will be back... A lot.What can I say Fox? You have stolen my heart.... And all the doggy-bag space in my refrigerator.  Thank you for the excellence. I refer you to everyone I know, and the keen attention-to-detail NEVER goes unappreciated...FOX ON!
5	I love all Fox Concepts restaurants and True Foods was all I hoped for and more.  Fresh delicious foods and great service. Love the concept and atmosphere.
4	I always enjoy eating here.  Kale salad is great.  However I would like the carrots chopped in the crudite.  I felt a little like a baby rabbit.
4	Fantastic food, but the portions are kind of small. I had the ricotta ravioli and it was great. Really, tastefully fresh ingredients. I thought there was slightly excessive use of oil in the dish, but I am not a big fan of oil so I can't fault them for it. Overall a great experience! Sitting outside is lovely in October!
3	People who routinely make healthy lifestyle choices eat here.I don't make healthy lifestyle choices, but I figure if I hang out in places where there are people that do, their shit might rub off on me.I call this health by association.TFK has a good beer offering with an organic porter that tastes heavenly. I washed it down with a bowl of seafood caldo. The soup was also delicious, with nice chunks of shrimp and sea bass swimming around in it.Five stars for the soup, beer and my attentive server.Minus two stars for the cute little hostess, who upon seeing me was quick to conclude I wouldn't even qualify as butt-acne on Jennifer Grey's ass and promptly whisked me into a corner booth.Yes, they put baby's butt-acne double in the corner. What a little biatch.
5	Great food.  Great ambiance.  Excellent service.  If you're looking for a vibrant atmosphere, with delicious (and healthy) fare, do yourself a favor and try True Food Kitchen.  The food is good, but the service is impeccable.  EVERY single time my wife and I have dined here, we have been welcomed warmly and have been treated like regulars.  The staff is efficient, and is never in a hurry to just take your order and leave the table. The management is to be commended for hiring/training such a great staff.  The Scottsdale Quarter vibe means there is much to take in and some excellent people watching as a side note.  If you want to feel like your business is appreciated, and you want to support local business - make a point to eat here soon.
2	Had a great waitress, excellent food and first class wine and drinks at the Kitchen last night.The waitress, who is part Columbian and part Lebanese was extremely attentive and helpful.We had the Penang curry which was very tasteful and authentic, and the Farmers Market salad. The Truchard Pinot was pricey but worth it.  misters kept us cool despite the incredible heat of the evening. The AC was due to be replaced and inside it was muggy so sitting outside was a fair option.Would recommend this place and never saw or heard any examples of snootiness from anyone.1/6/13 - have to update on this place as last night we were not happy with our meal. I had my staple ( yes I have it every time I go there) the Penang Curry, usually it is very good but have noticed over the last two visits that it is getting very watered down, and last night it was way too fluidic and had very little Tofu or rice in it. Not impressed, and Diane had the the roast chicken which was not very good, lots of chicken but very little else and she was I'll when we got home. Going downhill or just a bad night, who knows?
5	I love all of the Vegan and Vegetarian Options at True Foods. I also love that I feel good about eating the food there. It is fresh, clean and organic.The decor of the restaurant is simple, and they have an awesome patio that wraps around the outside of the restaurant. There is a little herb garden on the patio as well. I love that you know where a good amount of the herbs are grown. Scottsdale Quarter is beautiful as well, and I enjoy sitting outside and seeing people enjoy the public space. The patio also has good misters.The Natural Refreshers are a great option. Organic and interesting tonics. I enjoy the Natural (ginger, agave, soda).I love the Miso Soup. I've heard people complain that it is too salty, but I like salty so it works for me. It's also a Vegan Miso soup which is great because I won't eat a Miso with Fish.The Hummus Appetizer is delicious. I love the Greek Chop Chop served on top and often ask for extra which the wait staff is happy to bring. The hummus can lean towards a little too much garlic depending on the day.The Local Vegetable Crudite, is literally HUGE fresh vegetables. It is a little awkward to eat, but the dips that were served with it are pretty good.I like the Mediterranean Chopped Salad, It should be noted that the salad it very quinoa heavy, which to me is a good thing.I've been wanting to try the Roasted Corn and Kale Pesto Pizza, but unfortunately, I think it's a Summer Menu option, so I'll have to wait. Hopefully they bring it back!My husband has gotten the Steak Tacos, and was not impressed by the portion, it was relatively small for what you can expect at True Foods. He now goes with the Teriyaki Brown Rice Bowl with Chicken. He really enjoys it.The best part of the whole meal is DESSERT. They usual have a VEGAN Ice Cream which I enjoy, not because I'm Vegan but because I"m lactose intolerant. I love LOVE love LOVE love (get it?) the Warm Strawberry Rhubarb Crumble with Vegan Vanilla Ice Cream. Sweet, Tart, it's just incredible!  For the Winter it switches to a Warm Apple Crisp with a Pecan Ice Cream (Vegan). It's really wonderful. It's very oat and fruit heavy and just delightful. For $7 you really can't beat this dessert.We have also tried a Lemon dessert in the summer, and Olive Oil Cake in the Winter, both were good, but the Crumbles are really where it's at.For the quality of food, the prices are very fair.
3	I really wanted to enjoy True Food more than I ended up actually enjoying it.The food seemed pretty ok but I don't really find myself craving it or even wanting to go back afterwords. We tend to eat quite healthy so we knew what to expect but it just didn't really seem to catch my attention eating there. Additionally, it seemed over priced with fairly average service. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing but I doubt I will go back and give it another chance as no one in my party seemed really all that eager to go back.
4	Long wait for lunch on a Saturday, place clearly very popular.  Best to eat here on a weekday and early, preferably start your lunch at 11:30.; However, we think it is always in high demand.  The interior decor has a cold industrial feel.  Acoustics are terrible so uninviting for conversation, a feel somewhat like Horn and Hardart in New York City way back when.  House water delicious and much appreciated.  $6 Haras Chardonnay a good price for the quality.   Had kale with salmon.  Both absolutely delicious, but salmon had bones in it.  No charge.  Turkey lasagna arrived too cold which they happily replaced.  Dr. Weil seems to have less concern for fat, even good fat than we do considering ample oil and grated cheese in kale and plentiful cheese in lasagna etc.; however, popular opinion on heart disease risk seems to be changing on this issue.  Lets take the salt off the table.   Service cheerful and prompt.  General  Manager Shane an absolute delight.Normally we eat better at home than most restaurants, but this restaurant competes with high quality healthy home fare.  We live in Tucson, belong to a CSA and get supplemental produce from the Farmer's Market.  So wish we had TFK in Tucson.
5	Excellent place to grab lunch. A broad and healthy menu with great service. One of my favorite in the Quarter
5	A must eat! Visited this restaurant for a late lunch after a recommendation from a friend...so glad we stopped by! The atmosphere was adorable; tables weren't too close together and chairs were very comfy. A very open view into the kitchen, which is always comforting.Service was very friendly and helpful in answering questions and choosing a dish. I started with the green tea and lemonade drink, but the star is the food. I enjoyed the butternut squash pizza and was really hungry, so I ate the entire pizza, but still didn't feel TOO full. My friend had the tacos, which she also really enjoyed.I can't wait to visit this restaurant in Denver!
5	Love this place. Been here 3 times now - will make the drive on my next trip in. If you're into eating quality healthy foods, I'm putting this up there in my fav 5 for places to go in the country. Only thing holding me back from claiming more love is the drink prices (they will get you) on their bar drinks..  Not too far off what you'll pay at many other places in Scottsdale but it's not the wallets best friend from that perspective.Get their Bison burger, Kail-aid drink and soak up the delisc!
5	FRESH.  This place is so FRESH.  And GOOD and FRESH.  Yeah, I really liked it.The structure with a huge open wrap-around porch is fantastic and freeing.  Yes freeing.  It made me feel free and happy.  The amazing cilantro-cucumber-orange zesty margaritas didn't hurt.And then, the kale salad with parmesan, lemon and bread crumbs is manna from heaven.   So good...you would never dream it is kale filled with everything good for you.   We asked for three vegetarian tacos and they were also amazingly perky and fresh and delicious.Nice looking, stylish crowd.  And bright and friendly and well-trained staff.It makes me happy just to think about True Food Kitchen.
5	I WANT TO EAT HERE EVERYDAY.  Please come to Minneapolis?  Otherwise, I guess I'm fine taking frequent vacations to Arizona too.True Foods uses tons of delicious and healthy veggies, meats, and spices.  Where else can one go to get a humongous bowl of fresh veggies (this was a hilarious amount of veggies!), a spaghetti squash entree, or a kale house salad?My companions said their bloody mary's were to die for (hello freshly squeezed tomato juice!).  I opted for a local brew, and they also had a variety of fun non-alcoholic drinks with fresh fruit juices.We split a variety of different plates, which was a fun way to explore their delicious menu. I cannot wait to come back here, and see what they have in store for the next season!
4	I really really enjoy this place.  The people and service are always nice and the food is really good.  I was a bit standoffish as I had been told it was a bit more raw than it actually turned out to be but it was the best, with the freshest tasting ingredients I have ever had at a restaurant.  A bit pricey, yes. Always crowded yes. Good food yes.
5	I love the open area concept of the interior of the restaurant. There are no obtrusive walls, a lot of natural light, and you can even see the kitchen. Both the east and west sides open up, which was great when I walked in one Sunday afternoon in January while the sun was shining and the air was cool and crisp. On either side of the restaurant are patios where you can either lounge or enjoy your meal. It was a enjoyable spot for me as I waited to be seated.Our waiter Rodney (very friendly guy) inquired if we were familiar with True Food Kitchen and asked if we would like to know the story behind it; not necessary, but certainly a great, welcoming intro. Before coming in, I eyed the menu available on their website and already knew what I wanted. I had the Grass-fed Bison Burger. I never had bison before, but had always wanted to try it. It was everything I had hoped it would be. The burger was light, but had that wonderful grill flavor. The burger was a little smaller than what I'm use to, but I believe this leaves up to the concept of healthy, but flavorful theme of the restaurant. My sides were diced-sweet potatoes and a salad. First off,  you can rarely go wrong with sweet potatoes. Second, the salad was wonderful; again, it lived up to the theme of the restaurant. I don't completely recall what type of dressing was used, but I'm sure it was some sort of vinaigrette. For desert, I shared a flour-less chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream. The flour-less cake was another first for me and I was intrigued by the idea and it did not disappoint. It wasn't a good idea to share this though as it was gone too soon. Next time, I'm getting one for myself only.True Food Kitchen is one my new favorites and I'm excited to visit again!
5	The concept of this place is perfect- eating healthy food designed by Dr Weil, a foremost physician dealing in true Hippocratic medicine (food). The dishes are indeed healthy and very delicious most of the time. This particular location had some inconsistencies with their food preparation that left me unimpressed. The server was strange and intense which didn't help. My five star review is for how the manager handled our gripes. Ryan, the manager, took care of us very well and was able to assure us of fantastic future visits. My husband and I love this restaurant and hope the next time we're out in Arizona, they live up to their usual reputation of great healthy food. Thanks Ryan!!
5	TFK please come to Tucson......pleeease! This is the healthiest of all Fox Concepts and it happens to by my favorite followed closely by Wild Flower. I've dined at the Biltmore TFK a number of times and always had an excellent experience. Today was my first time at this particular location and I was pleasantly surprised that it was a bit smaller but still maintains that airy, earthy organic vibe we all now associate with True Food Kitchen. Our group arrived a little early and they weren't quiet open for lunch, but they graciously sat us and took our drink order. That's the first sign of top notch service. The rest of our lunch went just as nicely and quick too! This time I ordered the Chopped Mediterranean salad which is loaded with the sweetest tomatoes, cucumber, olives, feta, greens, almonds and quinoa with a tangy vinaigrette. I added grilled chicken for some extra protein and savored every bite! When you come to TFK make sure not to pass up their fresh drinks. I ordered The Natural which is fresh ginger, agave and soda. Pretty much like a ginger ale, but oh so refreshing. All of their refreshments in my opinion are worth a try! Since the menu here is the same as their other locations, I think it's also worth pointing out some of my other favorites: the kale salad with salmon or just by itself, so lemony and zesty! The teriyaki brown rice bowl, lettuce cups and street tacos. Seriously, what's not to like? It's healthy, delicious and portions are generous. Attentive service and and refreshing atmosphere make this a solid five-star spot in my book.
5	Love this place!  Been there twice, ate outside both times and both days were very chilly.  However, the outside heaters worked like a charm.  I preferred outside seating actually as the restaurant is pretty loud during a lunch rush.I had the butternut squash pizza both times as well as the ginger agave drink.  Tried a few other dishes that my friends had and everything was wonderful.Love the concept, loved the food, wish it were closer to me.
5	Still giving them a five star rating despite them keeping the snobby hostesses employed and getting rid of the TLT at this location.
2	Bottom Line Up Front: if you have more money than nutrition, this will balance you out. Pricey and pretentious, meh food and great service.Background: I was in Phoenix to run the Ragnar 202 mile relay race and we met the team here the night before we ran. We're a fairly healthy and athletic bunch, so the concept seemed like a great match. Here is how the stars breakdown:My first (obligatory) star is for the concept of fresh healthy food in a gorgeous atmosphere. The open dining area is beautiful, though maybe not the most practical. The kitchen opens fully into the dining/bar area with nary a sneeze guard between you and the chefs.My second star is for the extremely efficient and polite service. With a table of ten people all asking for separate checks, our server was fast, polite and willing to do more than we should have expected.What would it take to get my third star? Basic comforts. The night we were there, it was cold outside and the patio has lots of doors which made for a chilly dining experience every time the servers passed by. The restrooms are outside and around the building (like a gas station?) and the seating arrangement was oddly grouped around the table which crowded some and left others eating on the corner of the table.Once we've made it comfortable, the fourth star could be had by increasing the value for my dollar. I had the bison burger, which was more bun than burger and with water my bill was $17 before tip. It's ridiculous to propose that you must spend a fortune to get basic, healthy food. Perhaps it was the mysterious "umami" sauce, which is mostly nutritional yeast, kind of a vegan cheese substitute, that jacked up the price. Why you would need vegan cheese on a bison burger is beyond me.The elusive fifth star, I'm afraid, may be out of reach for a couple of reasons. Even if the comfort and value were addressed, the food was nothing noteworthy. After speaking to other runners, few of us found the flavor to be memorable. Additionally, the restaurant places more value in the aesthetics of health than the practice of eating well. Health is not something you buy, it's something you live. Healthy food is not expensive unless it's over processed, or over marketed.If you are truly looking for healthy food, try a Farmer's Market. If your looking for the latest food trends regardless of health or cost, this may appeal to you.
5	Food was fabulous as usual & " Blue eyed handsome silver fox " made my day with an undeniable connection! Asked me if  " I would miss him when he left "   Here's a yelp to re-connect, as you'll know who you are ;^)   vlwaloha@cs.com
2	Very "trendy" but overpriced place with just mediocre food with not-so-good service. Definitely overrated.  I was very disappointed.
1	Pretentious Snottsdale  restaurant.  Service good, therefore a star is given.  No happy hours just regular prices.It was very difficult for me to find anything that I felt I may like.  I finally decided on the chicken salad.  I have eaten chicken salad at MANY restaurants and they are all normal chicken salad.  This was more of a tossed greens salad with a small amount of cubed chicken pieces.  Not what I classify chicken salad.  And to top it off $12 is what they charge for this plate of salad greens.  I was so disappointed that I sent it back and decided not to eat anything there.Sandwich prices start at $10 (for a tomato and lettuce sandwich) to $16 for a bison burger.I do not plan to go back there again or any of their other True Food locations.  It is a good restaurant for rabbits.
5	My husband and I love True Foods. Their Turkey Burger is incredible and I love the sweet potato hash and kale salad. I have yet to try anything I did not love. It is a great way to go out and still eat healthy!
3	The food was OK, but not for the amount we paid.  Their drinks are spectacular, however the entire menu is very overpriced.  I had a mixed cauliflower and veggie plate which cost $ 13.00. (Winter Ingredient Salad)  $ 13 dollars for veggies?  Come on.  I was starviing when I left.  If you want a pricy meal over at The Quarter, skip this place and visit Tanzy up by the i pic theater.  More bang for your buck.
5	If you're a healthy food eater, then this is the place for you!! I Love it!!
4	A really fun experience with really good, forward-thinking food and menu. It didn't quite deliver on value, but I would definitely return to make sure.
4	Love this place. Amazing food and atmosphere. The curry with tofu is great.
4	My fiance, best friend, and myself decided to go give this place a try due to my best friend being a vegetarian.  The service from the second we walked in the door was great. Our server was very informative with a ton of recommendations catering to our own particular interests. We started with the miso soup and edamame dumplings. They were both delicious. For entree's I had the street tacos with grass fed steak, my fiance had the teriyaki brown rice bowl, and my best friend had the panang curry. We all shared our entree's and I wasn't disappointed with anything. The curry could have been spicier was my only complaint. The drinks were creative, and my alcoholic beverage was strong. We will definitely be going back to try some other menu items.
4	I've heard the name before, but my manager was in town last week and she decided to take us here for dinner. It was surprisingly busy for a Thursday night, but we hung out on the patio until our table was ready. I really like the layout of the restaurant, open kitchen, open layout, lots of green and natural materials. Our server was nice and took great care of us. I had their green tea which was good, and had the miso soup and tuscan kale salad with chicken, both of which were really good. Being very "green", I didn't feel guilty after eating, especially since the portions were just the right size. I will definitely be back.
3	Truly over rated. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't particularly good either. I made a pledge I would from now on seek out local restaurants with fewer ratings for a more wide range of experiences. The lure of organic, fresh, cosmopolitan drew us in to True Food Kitchen. We had to see what all the hype was. A walk by the chefs taking charge of vegetables got us excited about the menu. Simply cool place. We waited quite awhile to be served on the swell outdoor patio. The make shift grilled cheese was disappointing for the ten-year old. My sea bass tacos were sadly bland but my husband raved about the turkey burger. His entire plate swallowed ours. After waiting for quite a period for our check and to pay, I reminded myself why I wanted to get off the beaten path.
4	I enjoyed True Food's organic and healthy menu, and with a daiy-free diet it was easy to substitute goat cheese into my meal. It is easy for your bill to add up quickly, but if you & your date just order an entree, salad & water, it's not bad at all.
5	Wish they had one of these in Dallas! We love the food so much and dined there at least 3 times while visiting. The shiritaki noodles are amazeballs! Acorn Squash pizza was nice as well! I highly recommend coming to this place and trying everything out even the cocktails and elixirs!
4	On vacation with my wife in Scottdale and saw this while walking in the mall... half hour wiat for table (not bad), and had nice drinks while waiting.  Really neat open resturant, and excellent server.... Thai dumplings for app were excellent.  Wife had the grilled tuna sliders.. well prepared and very tasty, I had the pan seared sea bass which was very good.... dessert was wonderful (flourless choc. cake) and although pricy, good food ad good service are always worth the extra bucks... did not know that they have a location in Newport Beach, so I am sure we will make a trip there in the future to eat this food again.
4	True Food Kitchen provides proof that food-loving people can have a delicious meal that is also healthy. I've been to the Scottdsale Quarter and Biltmore locations. I prefer the restaurant at the Quarter because it has a much better design for "bringing the outside in". It's an open plan with plenty of patio seating.As far as the food? I have several recommendations. The crudite appetizer is stunning. Raw veggies never looked so appealing. You get a huge bowl of beautiful vegetables along with two tasty dips. This appetizer is on my "get every time you come here" list.Main courses provide a pretty good range, although folks that avoid most/all carbs are more limited. I like the bison burger, although I've only had it served on large leaf lettuce, not the bun. The spaghetti squash casserole is directly from Dr. Weil's healthy cook book. It's delicious, but it's also very easy to do at home. They do a reasonably good job with their fish dishes, although this isn't the first place I'd come if I was craving fish.I've never had issues with service at either location. Even during the most crowded times, the staff and management have always worked hard to ensure a pleasant meal. Here's the upshot: if you are eating healthily and want to try something different, this is a great place to visit. It's not cheap, but it certainly provides inspiration for creating healthy lifestyle choices at home.
5	Best dinner, from start to finish, that we have had in a very, very long time.  We started with the edamame dumplings and loved them so much we wanted to order a second round!  The dumpling stuffing was creamy and loaded with flavor and the truffle sauce was absolutely the perfect match for the dumpling.  YUM!My husband had the sweet onion, arugula, and squash pizza--Wow, it was totally RIDICULOUS!  We are pizza snots and this was one of the best we have ever had!  I ordered the squash casserole, which was good.  I didn't love it, but it was a very nicely flavored dish and the squash had a nice texture.  We finished with dessert--the flourless chocolate cake melts in your mouth and is super rich!  The almond, olive oil cake was sweet, moist, and totally unique!  Both were amazing!  We weren't shy with the drinks--we each had two of the juice/tea drinks!  My favorite was the Kaleade, but we really enjoyed all 4!!  So we ordered an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and 4 juice drinks--all for $72!  Yes, in Scottsdale where mediocre sandwiches cost around $15.  Sadly our vacation is over and we leave tomorrow or we would definitely be going back!  We have been here all week and have eaten at many of the very nice restaurants in Scottsdale (Kierland) and True Food Kitchen was by far the best meal that we had!  Take my advice--VISIT SOON!
2	To begin, this place sets the stage as another one of those nondescript trendy, organic restaurants that charges extra for "grass fed" cows and all natural vegetables. I don't know if this is supposed to make me feel better about having eaten pricey and tasteless mush; as if I'll walk away thinking, "well, at least it was healthy."Anyhow, I'll describe the scene that was our experience. To begin, my friend ordered a beer that was promptly delivered to the table and majestically poured into a tall glass--from a can. I've never seen so much drama for a can of beer. Next out comes some shrimp dumplings with a fancy name; $11 for five small pieces that easily fit in the palm of your hand. There were four of us; we each had one with an extra remaining. We literally fought not to eat the last piece. That dumpling stayed on the table until right before we left. My wife salvaged the shrimp by scooping it out and leaving the dough. I suppose doing that may have made it slightly more palatable. Next, I ate the chicken sausage pizza. Perhaps it was all natural, but it tasted worse than digiorno's pizza. My friend had the bison burger. Honestly, the bison burger was good enough not to warrant a complaint. My friend's wife had the mushroom pizza. Again, see previous comment on the pizza. The grand finale was my wife's shirataki noodles. This was the coup de grace that prompted my review. It was atrocious. From the presentation to the texture and taste; it was beyond disappointing. Let me describe how bad it was: my wife is Korean and constantly yearns for Asian cuisine. She will often turn down fine gourmet western cooking for a bowl of instant ramen. Well, in the case of these noodles, not only did she decline to finish them, but she whispered in my ear, "Honey, next time let's just go to In and Out."To be fair, I have no complaints about the service or staff.In conclusion, True Food Kitchen serves as an example of why I have really cut back on eating out. We were eager to get home and have a salad and bbq pork.After tax and tip, the above experience was close to $100. Yes hon, next time, let's just go to In and Out.
2	Have gone here many times, and quality SEEMS OK. Expensive for what you get, and the "grass fed beef" one night I was there was not beef at all. I know as a fact that it had moose meat in it. I will not go into how I know, other than to say it was tested by a third party using specialized test equipment.  I don't know if their supplier did this to them or what, but they need to be a bit more on top of things esp. since many food-conscious people, some extremely so, go here.
2	A friend was picking up lunch today. I ordered the Asian Vegetable Salad and was very disappointed. Seriously $11 for five bites. Come on True Foods -- you can do better than that.
5	Amazing organic (when possible) local food! Curry is a must!
3	We went here for book club.  This portion sizes are extremely small, especially for what you pay but, the food is good.  It is not a place I would seek out to go back to again but I also wouldn't avoid it.  Not the best place for a discussion group as it does get quite loud so it was hard for our group of women to hear people who were at the other end of the table.
3	Good food, but not much of it for the price.  Trendy Scottsdale restaurant.  Service was good.
5	Great ambiance, severs, food, location. Enough said.  Must try their edaname dumplings and their banana pudding.
4	Very healthy food
4	Trendy atmosphere with a great, knowledgeable staff who take the time to explain their philosophy and food to you. Vegan food selection is limited but I had their tofu scramble wrap and it was amazing. Their juices are really great too.You leave this restaurant satisfied with a delicious, healthy meal.
2	We went to this restaurant because our friend wanted to meet here.  We originally planned to have dinner around 5:30pm, so that we could preserve our daughters bedtime.  When we put our name down for a table of 5, we were told it would be a 1.5 hour wait.  YIKES!  We still put our name down and crossed our fingers that our little one would not have the ultimate meltdown.  In the meantime we enjoyed the sunshine and letting our daughter run through the fountain, where all the kids were playing.  She loved the fountain!We finally got the buzz that our table was ready and rushed over to get our dinner started.  As we entered the restaurant we got many eye rolls at the site of our young daughter.  Even our waitress was rolling her eyes, which was pretty insulting.The Hummus and veggie starter was ok.  It literally looked like veggies pulled straight out of the ground and plopped on the plate, dirt and all.  I got the Seafood Caldo for dinner.  It was good.  Nothing special or overly delicious.  Tasted like a flavorless cioppino.  I took a few bites and then went back to tending to our daughter as the eye rolls were at an all time high due to the fact that she was over tired and fussy.My husband got the Red Chili Shrimp.  The noodles were overcooked and sticky.  The flavor was pretty boring also.  He did ask for extra shrimp and they gave him a LOT extra!I think the best part of my meal was the glass of wine, that I ordered when we first sat down but finally arrived after the apps and dinner.  It was essentially my meal because I was chasing my daughter around the restaurant so she would not make a huge scene.For a restaurant to be located so close to a fountain, kid's store and an sitting within an outdoor mall, you would assume the restaurant would be somewhat tolerable of children.  They absolutely do not want kids there and make little to no effort to make you feel welcome as a parent.  I don't think we would go back.  I was really excited because I had heard such great things.  I am not impressed.
3	Stop changing the menu!This used to be my favorite restaurant.  As a vegan, they had multiple options that I was willing to pay more for and wait on weekend nights for.  Since I started eating there, I think they have changed the menu 4-5 times.  Seasonal food doesn't excite me.  Consistency does.  I loved the BBQ tofu wrap.  It was my favorite meal...gone.  Kale cheeseless pizza...gone.  Apple crisp with maple ice cream....gone.  All that is really left for me is an uninspired teriyaki bowl that I can duplicate elsewhere.The service is great.  The staff is friendly.  The pricing is a little high, but I was willing to pay it for many vegan choices.  I have a couple of gift cards left and I will likely be done after that.5 star food (before the changes).  5 star service- GREAT servers!  3 star pricing. Zero stars for inconsistency with menu items.  I'm between a 2 and 3 on this one, but since I was served a lemon tart that I was told was vegan and found out later it isn't, I'm leaving a 2.  If you keep the menu consistent, we likely wouldn't have had this problem.  What if I had a dairy allergy?
5	Awesome bison.  Kale.  Juice.  Herbs back.  Very nice bathrooms.  Clean.
4	The food tastes very fresh, excellent appetizers and seasonal menu.  Great outdoor seating atmosphere and healthy menu options.
5	amazing! wish we had one here in sac!!
4	If you are visiting form out of town, this is a must. If you live in Scottsdale, you have already been here. I have not had a bad item on the menu. The food is always top notch. Only issue has ever been the service. This can be attributed to high turnover and always being very busy, but the food always seems to bring us back.
3	Right in the middle of Scottsdale Quarter next to the movie theater and the kiddy splash pool. Place looks really cool with fresh herbs growing outside as you walk in and a big open kitchen you see once inside. The aroma of the food they are cooking is fantastic. I like the simplicity of the interior design as well as the cozy eating areas outside.Ordered off the brunch menu today. Started with the Thai Shrimp Dumpling with Basil, Mint & Red Chili Sauce. The wife got the Breakfast Burrito with Egg, Turkey Sausage, Provolone, Anasazi Bean & Salsa. The daughter picked the Market Vegetable Scramble which was Sweet Potato Hash, Onion, Parmesan & Two Eggs. I ordered the Panang Curry with Chicken, Brown Rice, Potato, Broccoli, Ginger, Carrot, Mushroom & Coconut Shellfish Broth. Even tried out an Andy's Elixir drink with Sea Buckthorn, Agave Nectar & Soda.We all generally agreed that the food lacked a level of flavor that could have been easily achieved with so many fresh items and the proper seasonings. With all the herbs growing around we expected more of them in the dishes. Would liked to have seen some Thai Basil in the Curry and maybe a little sprig of Mint in the drink, etc. The Eggs in the Burrito seemed a bit dry or overcooked and tasted chewy.The service is very friendly and relatively quick. Our server looked like and sounded just like the guy in the movie Office Space but without the 37 pieces of flare. I told him that he was his twin double and he humorously giggled.Very kid friendly. Bought the granddaughter in her stroller and they were most accommodating. They even hooked us up with some hot water to warm up her meal. Just wish it was a cup or a glass and not a bowl. Hmmm?Lots of Gluten free Healthy items to pick from and several Vegan items if you wish.A little too Tready and way too much Spendy for this bad boy.3.5 STARS
4	Visiting family in Scottsdale, Iooked around for some new options to try out and True came out as a place that I had to try.  I got to throw out some props to Adrian, who was our server.  She was friendly, attentive, knowledgable about the menu and even where the food was sourced.  One individual in the party has a gluten allergy and got their gluten free pizza and it was phenomenal.  We asked jokingly if they sold the recipe, because anyone who loves gluten free pizza knows, a good recipe is hard to come by.  She stated it was one of the very limited items that they don't make onsite and told us where they get it from.  We were very impressed.  She was supported by a very attentive team that knew exactly who ordered what.  The desert we tried was, a Chia Seed Pudding, was unbelievable.  When we commented on how awesome it was, Adrian knew how many calories it was.  This place was definitely worth the the wait.  That is the one "negative", if you want to call it that, if you try to come here during normal dining times, get ready to wait.  When we tried to lunch there on a Saturday at 2pm there was nearly a 75 minute wait.
5	Sam Fox is a genius.  Period.  I have been to several Fox restaurants (Blanco, Culinary Dropout, Sauce, North, The Greene House, Zinburger) and not a single one has left me disappointed.  My boyfriend and I have eaten at True Food Kitchen at least a dozen times, and every time the food and service is outstanding.I love the seasonal change of menu items, including the beverages. During the fall, they had a cinnamon grapefruit soda which was surprisingly delicious (I had never had cinnamon in a cold, bubbly beverage before), and most recently I had the strawberry rhubarb soda. The cucumber refresher is the best drink on the menu. It is exactly as it's name states: refreshing and so, so delicious.We always get the herb hummus and the edamame dumplings for starters.  The hummus has a great flavor and is served with warm pita bread and a small blend of onion, cucumber, feta and black olives. The dumplings are nice and light, they make a perfect appetizer.The pizzas are great, the chicken chopped salad and autumn ingredient salad are both delicious and have just the right amount of dressing.  My boyfriend has had the bison burger and thought it was alright.  I didn't try it, but the sweet potato hash that it came with was really good.  He has also had the rainbow trout and loved it.  More often than not, he orders the street tacos with steak and clears his plate within five minutes. The roasted chicken, turkey lasagna or spaghetti squash casserole are perfect if you're looking for some comfort food.  If you love this restaurant, I highly recommend picking up the True Food cookbook.  The hummus, chicken chopped salad and spaghetti squash casserole are just a few of the many recipes you can find in the book.  This is by far our favorite restaurant in the valley.  I only wish they would open one in Salt Lake City so we can get our fix once we move in a few months!
5	Really really cool place!  I got the shrimp over noodles dish, and my friend got beef over cattle.  Everything is so fresh and the atmosphere is awesome!  I'll definitely be back very soon!
5	True Food is a true find in the heart of Scottsdale Quarter.  Great atmosphere, good service and delicious food.  A delight for all your senses.The draw for me was the organic, healthy menu options.  Trying to eat veggies, protein and low carb can be a challenge in any restaurant.  True Food made it easy.We enjoyed fresh juice at the center bar area while we waited a short fifteen minutes for our table.  I loved the Kale Aid juice.  A delight lay refreshing blend of kale, apple and celery. We were then escorted to a table where we ordered the crudite. An amazing assortment of romaine leaves, green beans, mini bell peppers, radishes, carrots, cauliflower and purple broccoli (a first for me, my new favorite veggie!) all served in a bowl of ice for fresh crispness.  The accompanying dips of kalamata olive and cucumber yogurt were perfect.Don't get me wrong, meat eaters and carb lovers will be as happy with the menu options as I was for the healthy selections.  My brother in law devoured the grass fed bison burger with a side of kale salad.  My sister and Dad loved the margherita pizza with fresh basil.   Mom ordered the seafood Caldo and raved about it.  Our waitress was happy to accommodate my request for substituting the sesame noodles made of pasta with the low carb shiritaki noodles in the red chile shrimp entree.  It was the best shrimp dish I've ever eaten.  With all the fresh veggies, I didn't miss the carbs at all.Foodies will not be disappointed in True Food.
5	True food kitchen is one of my favourite places to eat in Scottsdale.  The menu varies by season and its amazing how such healthy food can be so tasty and so reasonably priced. The outdoor patio is a great spot for people watching and having a few cocktails in the warm evenings.  I could sit there for hours. Love it!
5	Organic. Farm to Table. Fresh. Creative. AWESOME.
4	I had brunch here on a Sunday morning; it was fairly crowded and loud, which was fine by me.We opted to sit indoors since there was a 20 minute wait for the patio seating.Plenty of high chairs available, and we were asked to park our stroller in the front of the restaurant. We were seated in what felt like the kids corner-which suited us..our daughter was having a ball smiling at another kid in front of us.The menu was interesting-lots of drinks available. I loved that they had almond milk available for my coffee. hooray!I had the blueberry muffin with almonds-it was amazingly good, and I had the tofu scramble with chorizo. Waaaayyyyy tooo spicy for me, so unfortunately, I can't give that a good review.It gave me horrible indigestion for hours and hours.I'd definitely go back and try something else.The menu was inventive and choices colorful-though not a lot of variety.NO idea if there was a changing table in the rest room. It was completely occupied when I went in, so I opted for the public restroom across the way (right next to the escalator).
4	My fatty Koala friend loved this place.  Koalas like vegetables and salads with fish.  The ingredients here are very fresh.  This place made me feel like I was in Berkeley.  Gross.  The mushroom pizza was delicious paired with my strawberry salad.  After dinner I felt too healthy so I ate a block of butter for dessert.  Fatties rule!
5	Been 3 times in the past week and a half. Fresh ingredients, fresh taste, delicious flavors. I had the Mediterranean Chopped Salad - so, so yummy! The quinoa fills you up without being heavy. The Marcona almonds are such a unique addition. The salad dressing is so flavorful. Best salad I've had pretty much anywhere.  My husband had the Bison Burger with the Sweet Potato Hash and Kale sides. He said it may have been the best burger he's had. The sweet potato and kale sides were scrumptious. Love this place.
5	Open kitchen, organic and local food, amazing drinks (I recommend "spontaneous happiness") & friendly staff. Sold!
5	If you're looking for "clean" & fresh food, you should check this place out. This visit was my first time at True Food Kitchen. TFK is on a whole different playing field when it comes to dining out.I had the sesame noodle dish, don't expect it to be like panda express' chow mein. The noodle dish was not greasy and I didn't feel guilty/ heavy after eating it. The BF ordered the turkey sandwich with 1/2 & 1/2 of the offered sides, sweet potato & kale salad. I had a taste of each of the three items and they were all delicious. Next time, I'm ordering something from the sandwich column.We also got their flour-less chocolate cake togo & ate it for breakfast the next morning w/our coffee. Yum.I wish they had more options for fresh squeezed juices, but you'll see us back again at True Food's!Hopefully they open one in San Francisco-CA or better yet, San Jose-CA.
5	Great menu for wide variety of tastes.  Right portion sizes.  Food is very tasty and fresh.  Waits can be long on weekends, so plan ahead.
5	Attention Buffalo Burger Fans! True Food is in it to win it! Ridiculously juicy, plump, fresh and full of flavor. This was the last place in the world I would expect to get a high quality bison burger. Great drinks, great sides, good atmosphere and full of energy. Don't plan on getting in right away around lunch time. Little pricey but well worth it.
2	Noisy, small portions, not great.
4	Took mom here for a late birthday lunch, but was a little skeptical since a few people have told me the food was not very good. When we got to the restaurant, we entered across from the hostess booth, so we walked across the inside of the restaurant. Very nice layout, bright colors, and you could see everything that was going on in the kitchen. Very impressive. The only thing that was a little off was the hostess station. There was no real order, and a lot of people were just standing around. I flagged down the hostess, who didn't know if she was supposed to be seating people or if someone else was. We opted for the patio since we could be seated right away.Our server was amazing, and he reminded me a lot of our friend in Portland. He knew the menu in and out, and also new the portion size of the street tacos probably wouldn't fill up my boyfriend. Just an over all great server.The food was amazing also. We started off with the hummus, worth it. Very flavorful and the texture was not watery or smooth. Loved it. We also got the specialty drinks, a little pricey, but also very good. When our food came out, it was again, all very delicious. All in all, we most likely would come again. The prices are a little high, ($90 for 4 people, no alcohol) but since the food is made healthy and also packs a flavor punch, I guess it's worth it.
5	Outstanding food, great atmosphere, simply a great place
5	Obsessed.  Ambiance is great, service also great.  The menu freakin' rules my life.  The beverages are always fun, and delicious.  I had something with lemon and kale and it was so good.  Bison Burger is good, Salmon is good, Ahi appetizer is good... although I am guessing every option would be delicious.  Lot's of stuff for dietary weirdo's such as myself.  My normal boyfriend also loves it.  I haven't had dessert, but it looks divine.  I will re-visit often.
5	Love this place! Went here for the first time at around 12:30 with my mom for lunch and I had an amazing time here! We could either wait 5-010 minutes for a table or get seated right away outside and we chose the outside tables, misters outside are awesome and the area is completely shaded so I was not hot at all. The staff is so nice and everyone there is helpful and there's always someone walking around which is good if you need something. I tried the Pomegranate Limeade and it was so good! Definitely will be getting that again! I got the Mediterranean salad and added Chicken and it was to die for! Best salad ever so I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a salad here! The food and drinks came out super fast which makes this place so much better! Definitly will be coming back here again!
5	Chicken chop salad is a must try. With so many dinner options in Scottsdale it's surprising that I've chosen True Food about 50x. This is our go-to place for quality whole foods with perfect portions. We always leave feeling good. The service is great too which can be hard to come by around here. It's children's menu is great! My 2-year old loves their pizza. She won't eat delivery now because she knows what GOOD pizza tastes like. Way to make a lifetime customer True Food!I love taking out-of-towners here. Especially those who normally like a gut-bomb at dinner. Their relieved satisfaction at the end of the meal always makes me feel good. That, combined with the tasty food in my tummy :)
5	The teriyaki bowl with tofu is absolutely delicious!!I seriously love love love this restaurant. They have something for everyone here and it's all healthy food. I'm a vegan and they have vegan items on the menu...and they'll also customize things for your dietary needs. The vegetable crudites are awesome as well. I get it with a side of hummus for dipping. It's the perfect appetizer.
3	there with out of town visitors a few weeks ago. specialty drinks are good. The menu has gone through several changes...not always good changes. Appetizers always good. fair value for the price.
4	I really like the concept of this restaurant, which isn't surprising since I am obsessed with Sam Fox. He is a culinary genius! I had a wonderful spaghetti squash casserole which I have recreated at home, not as good as True Food's version, though. The family sampled a variety of entrees and everyone liked their food. Way to go FRC!!!
5	Oh, only but the good stuff! And that's a True, True!
4	I have eaten at both and love the one in the Quarter's atmosphere. Surprised to see overweight wait staff in light of the healthy food served--Now they can get an education on nutrition and chase tables to become fit!Most of the food served on the menu is stuff that I can purchase at Whole Foods and make on my own at home, however, the lasagna was awesome and a few other dishes that take time to create are worth indulging in. I think Dr. Weil is Overrated and a hefty no-exercise pontificate, but it's a Fox Concept restaurant and I think they all about big business with lots of money. What are they doing about creating a greener environment? I prefer to spread my earnings to independent small businesses. Too bad someone cannot succeed or create what you see in the organic and clean ingredient restaurants that are commonplace in California. Hmmm, I may just have a business plan after I finish paying the student loans...
5	It's a tad pricey but it was the best meal and service I've had at a restaurant all summer!If health is important to you but you want to have a great meal out, this place is perfect.
3	The KALE SALAD is worth the wait and the price. How they combine those simple ingredients and make me have passion for kale is miraculous. Got crazy after devouring the salad and ordered the thin crust margherita pizza - figured they'd do well with fresh herbs & simple ingredients. NOPE. It was truly mediocre. BORING. NOT amazing crust, NOT amazing sauce, cheese was meh, and a shockingly weenie amount of fresh basil (I'd at least expect True Foods to prominently scatter their organic herbs!). Adding red peppers just made it spicy-boring.But their lowest-tier $6 glass red wine was darn good, no reason to pony up to anything more expensive.I know, I know - pizza should be left to a good PIZZA place. TF just fell off it's pedestal. I'm concerned other items at those prices are as "good-not-great." I'm sticking with Kale Salad & wine.
5	I stopped in here for Breakfast on a Sunday while waiting for training at the Apple store close by. I sat at the bar and was very impressed with the staff and how helpful and friendly they were. I ordered the Breakfast scramble and added kale it was delicious!! Its great to know that healthy dosent have to mean bad taste. They let me sample a juice drink Kaleaid and will be getting that next time!!
1	Terrible does not fully capture the atrocious service and food this place dishes out. It's perfect for the snobs who pride themselves in how big the food bill and have rated this place so highly. Anyone with a shred of taste and pulse will never want to eat this bs dished out with bs ATTITUDE.
3	I didn't realize how close this place was after hearing about it.  I was staying at the Westin and thought walking over in 90 degree heat would be a fabulous idea.  It was packed on a Wednesday.  I figured I would pass the time and talk with coworkers while having a drink.  I liked the concept a lot and the bar scene.  I ended up having a chicken entree, and shared a salad appetizer and hummus with colleagues.  I wasn't so blown away by the place but I enjoyed the vibe.  The food was okay and the hummus was great. 3 Stars.
5	This place is amazing!!Great concept, very healthy food, vibe is very cool, and service was outstanding.There are few places where I want to try everything on the menu and this place is one of them. I can't wait to go back. PS Open a location in Miami
5	One of my favorite places in town. Healthy, fresh, organic ingredients served in normal portions that leave you satisfied but not stuffed. I have tried almost the entire menu and there is really nothing i don't like. And try the "Natural" drink. I like it so much I have 2 each time I go.
3	We have been waiting to try this place.  The concept is great, the decor is modern, and the eco-friendliness is right up our alley.  When we arrived the wait was about an hour, but they took down our cell number and said that they would call us when the table was ready - so we were able to wonder around Scottsdale Quarter (which is easy to do when killing time).  Once our table was ready we were sat outside on the patio, which was very nicely decorated.  Our waitress was nice and helped to make recommendations when asked for them both with drinks and the food.  I ordered the spaghetti squash casserole and my fiancee had the turkey lasagna.  Mine was good, but his was much better - wish I had ordered that instead!  My berry smash cocktail was good and the chocolate cake dessert was decent also.  Overall: B+  Perhaps a touch overhyped and always seems to have a long wait, but with a rotating menu and always having healthy options this place will definitely get a re-visit.
4	I came for a business lunch and was impressed by their menu! This was my first time at the restaurant and I ordered the Summer Market Salad. At first glance I was a little hesitant but after giving it a shot it was great! I usually don't like blueberries with goat cheese but it blended really well and was not a sweet salad (I try to stay away from sweet salads). My coworkers and I had the lemon tart with coconut for dessert -YUM!! Both are a must!
4	You have to give it FRC.  You're going to get a good meal at any of his restaurants, but True Food is one of the best.  I have dreams about the edamame dumplings, and have been known to have 3 orders as an entree-don't miss out on these.  Although I usually go salad, today I had the Tuna sliders with a small kale salad and of course, the dumplings.  The dumplings were great as usual.  The Tuna sliders didn't blow me away, but they were solid.  I'd like for them to have a little more of a spicy kick, but that's just me- they were still very good.  Also, don't forget their drinks-you'll love the selection.  Chow away!
4	True foods kitchen's bison burger was amazing! I could tell the bison wasn't frozen or artificial *cough (McDonald's). The salad I got on the other hand was actually kinda bitter. But I managed to stuff it down. I really don't like healthy food but the food here was actually pretty good. Everyone was nice and friendly I wouldn't mind coming back.
4	I've been hearing a lot about True Foods and so we decided to try it since we live so close by. The restaurant is modern deco type of place with wood floors and wood tables with lots of green booths inside. Seems like the place is warm and welcoming. The only thing about the inside is that the air conditions is on low and was blowing right at our table. So it was a little cold for our liking but we survived. I had the bison burger with sweet potato hash. The burger was cooked just right and very juicy. On top of the burger was mushrooms, unmelted provolone cheese, and greens. It was really good. The sweet potato hash was different. Potatoes cut in tiny chunks. I thought that was pretty good as a side with the burger. My wife had the Brown Rice bowl with chicken. It had a lot of green vegetables and was very tasty. My wife said the greens weren't overpowering and just right. Not too much salt. She really enjoyed the bowl. The one thing is they don't give out too big of portions. I would say on the medium side. We all left still a little hungry but to food was very good. The service was pretty good. The waitress greeted us once we got to our table and she really knew the menu. She was able to tell us what was the most popular and what she liked. She always made sure we were okay and filled our cups but she really didn't have a personality. Can't blame her cause she was very busy with other table. Overall, the meal was good and we enjoyed it. We'll probably be back but when who knows.
5	This is my second time to True Food Kitchen (first time to this location).  It was great!   Nice atmosphere, great service and the food is wonderful!  If you can't appreciate local, organic, fresh good- stay away, this place is not for you.
3	I've been to True Food a bunch of times but I still can't make up my mind as to how much I like it.  The food is consistently good, kale salad is awesome, tacos, pizza, soup are all good and I love that they have interesting drink choices - I tried the sparkling iced tea the last time and it was great.  Service can be spotty, I even had one waiter sell me on a vegan sweet potato soup only to take a bite and find it had chicken - not good, not good at all, that's a big mistake - they were completely unapologetic about it and blamed the kitchen staff for the mix up.  My main gripe with this place is flies, yes flies.  Every time I've been here there are flies in the restaurant.  The last time I was here my husband looked at me and said, "oh right that's why we don't come here more often, I forgot about the flies".  All things considered, it's just OK.
5	Food is excellent - all fresh ingredients  and lots of gluten free options.  Portion sizes are perfect but may be too small for big eaters. I eat here once a week and have never had a bad meal. Personal favorites are the farmers market salad with grilled chicken, rice bowl and turkey burger.
3	I am a regular at True Food and the food is wonderfully fresh and delicious. The service is always wonderful and the servers are very accommodating. The reason I did not give them 5 stars is that the last 2 times I went there, I ordered gluten free appetizers and was very clear that I have Celiac. I have had these dishes before, but these last 2 times I became violently ill and couldn't even eat my entree. I am not normally a complainer and I know that I take a risk when I eat out. My complaint is that I e-mailed the corporate to request that they work with their staff to help them understand the importance of taking care when preparing gluten free dishes. My friend also called the restaurant and was told the general manager would call her back. That was 3 weeks ago and neither of us has heard back from them. I am very disappointed that our concerns were not even acknowledged.
3	I'm visiting here from Las Vegas and first I would say, go get your buzzer and then shop nearby because it's a medium wait for a table, they usually tell you 45 min. I'm iffy about this place I'll tell you my thoughts: the place is really clean, they have indoor, outdoor, and bar seating (first come, first serve) there is a juice bar on the side where you can take-out juices.I'll commend them on the juices and the freshness of the food! i had the lettuce wraps and harvest salad, which were good but had too much sauce that made the lettuce soggy. That was the problem with most of my food, too much sauce or dressing and it made my greens too soggy! I tried my dad's breakfast burrito but it just wasn't good. Sorry, I've had better and fresher from another similar restaurant :/
3	Teriyaki Chicken Brown Rice Bowl and Spicy Chile Shrimp Dish are phenomenal! Nice atmosphere. Creepy Manager who always hits on my friends and I. He should back off a little so we can enjoy our meal rather than intruding so much. He talks and talks and talks when all we want to do is visit amongst each other and not with him. He's very awkward. He used to Manage the Biltmore location in AZ but they moved him to SQ. Wish they hadn't to be honest. Other than him, the service and food is excellent. Wish I could give a 5 star rating but maybe the 3 star will make him improve his manners at his own restaurant. It's one thing to ask a customer if their food is fine but to basically pull up your own chair and flirt for half an hour or more is ridiculous. Oh well. Tasty food, wine and cocktails. Just took our order to-go today. There's a new juice bar that opened next to this location. Can't wait to try it out!
4	If you are looking for some tasty and healthy food look no further. TFK offers excellent fare for the vegetarian or pescetarian alike.  My wife and I have been to TFK on many occasions including birthday parties for friends, group outings and entertaining out of town visitors.  The service and food quality is always very good.  We especially love the Ahi Tuna Sliders and highly recommend the Sweet Potato Hash and Kale Salad side.  We have tried every seafood dish on the menu and they have never failed to satisfy.The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star experience is the price to portion size ratio.  The food is flavorful and healthy, but each entree will probably just fill you up and are not good for sharing unless you're not very hungry.  However for special occasions this place is high on my list!
5	Good for the health nut. Have Vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options. I love love love the cucumber martini!  Red Chili Shrimp but I swap the shrimp out for chicken... delicious choice if you like spicy noodles.  Sausage pizza is yummy and the shaved turkey is to die for!  My husband is in love with the kale salad side too!  Kale-aid is delicious if you are looking for healthy and non alcoholic.
3	Nice atmosphere. I love the place. It's gets really busy during lunch. Longer waits. Make sure you have more than an hour when you're going to eat at this place. It gets crowded. Good was great though! Def coming back for more.
5	I didn't expect to find such a great natural/organic food place in Scottsdale Arizona.    My wife and I were really happy with it - If you go and are vegetarian, especially try the Tofu wrap and the quinoa pancakes.
2	This is a location specific review.I've attempted to come to this location a couple occasions.  I live closer to the Biltmore location and love it.  The atmosphere and food is great.  So, I was happy that there is a location near my in laws (it's always exciting to be able to eat healthy and enjoy their company).  We went for father's day, it wasn't all that impressive and the service was pretty lackluster, but my meal was good.I went again with my MIL a few weeks ago for a late lunch.  The place was swarming and our electronic notifier never went off.  We waited for about half an hour before I went in and asked if we were ever going to be seated.  And then I got attitude.  And the service was SO SLOW.  It wasn't particularly happy, friendly, or polite.  There is a vibe at this location and I don't like it.I'll keep my Biltmore location thank you very much.  And will not be going back to this TFK again.  It's a waste of time and money.
5	This seems to be my wife's favorite place lately. The food is always fresh and good! I just wished it wasn't in the middle of the shopping center.
4	My husband and I were visiting the area and some friends recommend True Foods knowing my hubby was GF. I wanted to give this place 5 stars but my meal was just okay. John got a spinach lasagna(GF) that was delicious! My red chili shrimp was more like a mediocre pad Thai - similar to what I get at Noodles and Co. Our waiter was awesome and helpful. They have lots of other delicious looking options, as well as some awesome natural beverages. My "medicine man" sparkling tea was pretty tasty. The outdoor seating was heated and comfortable. If you want a beautiful atmosphere and healthy food - this is the place to be.
4	Salads are great. Just had an autumn salad and cannot stop thinking about it! Of course, their kale salad is famous, and for good reason. I sampled friend's quinoa pancakes and they were incredible. Tuna sliders: awesome. I'll say mimosas were meh. Switched to champagne & cranberry and it was better. Service was incredible, as usual!
4	Had a yummy tuna slider here with wasabi aioli and sides of sweet potato hash and a kale salad. So good!!!  Restaurant had a cool vibe. Very west coast given the airy feeling you get from the big windows to the high vaulted (at least that's what I remember) ceilings. Great place for lunch in the scottsdale quarter.
3	It's okay. To me it seems a tad over-hyped but that's just me. Our hipster server forgot my glass of wine and brought us the wrong order, but in all fairness I think he was having a bad hair day and we've all been there at one time or another.
5	I have always loved this place. The atmosphere is awesome, service is always great, and the food always tastes wonderful! I am a big fan of the Pita and Hummus. They also have a wonderful selection of drinks, however I always resort back to their delicious Black tea. Prices are reasonable, given it's a healthy menu. You pay for what you get!
5	Glad I tried it!I had an extremely negative experience at the Biltmore location that I was hesitant to try this location but so glAd that I did!Delicious food and good service!
5	Awesome organic food with an upscale, modern vibe. Great list of non alcoholic beverages. Even better service. I wish there was a restaurant like this in Vancouver BC :(
4	I'll be blunt:  True Food is my go-to place when I feel like I'm getting doughy, because the food feels healthy.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure that with proper ordering you could make this place just as unhealthy as the average restaurant, but it's nice to have options that are not bad for you and also delicious.  Also the service I've had here has ranged from outstanding to average, never below that, and most of the time they're on the high side of that scale.
3	I have a love/non love relationship with True Food. As a former vegan, I loved it. As an omnivore looking for really superior animal and plant based ingredients, it's OK. My desires are gluten free, grain free usually, grass fed / wild caught, and organic. They match up somewhat on these but they're not perfect, in my opinion, but then again, I'm very picky. The bison and beef steak are supposedly grass fed, yay, but I'm unclear on their cooking oils and salad dressing oils because I get mixed answers when I inquire. They have wonderful salads for the most part, but then again, their oils in the dressings are suspect. Their salmon is not technically farmed but not really wild caught either. It's like a hybrid which I find frustrating. They pride themselves on using dairy that is hormone and antibiotic free but when I asked about the cream for the organic coffee which the coffee is wonderful, it's just conventional cream. I expect it to be organic from a place like this. That all being said, the foods are usually very yummy. The desserts are great although I don't usually order them anymore. The service is almost always great. If they would source true wild caught fish and stick to organic olive oil for dressings, I'd be a much bigger fan and they'd get more of my business.
5	I love True Food Kitchen - There is nothing better or should I say more reassuring than walking into a restaurant and seeing a kitchen that is full of beautiful and fresh produce! Such an amazing concept to have an open kitchen that allows patrons to see their food being prepared fresh! It has such a great vibe and a big reason alone I love this place! I know that when I dine at True Food Kitchen that I will be not only getting really fantastic food, but I know that it's fresh! Their menu is full of fresh and seemingly healthy options - and It's all great tasting too! The several times I have been here I usually opt for a Kale Aid juice, which is freshly juiced and might I add delicious concoction of  Kale, Apple, Cucumber, Celery,Lemon & Ginger. It reminds me of a drink that I used to get at Pressed Juicery in Malibu CA! The Edamame Dumplings are fresh and tasty - the only criticism I would give is that the truffle oil really over powers the beautiful flavor of the edamame, I think in the future I would opt for the dumplings minus the Truffle Oil.  But the absolute best thing on the menu would be the Panang Curry! It rivals some of my favorite and might I add authentic Thai joints in Los Angeles....  it's full of Brown Rice, Potato, Broccoli, Ginger, Carrot, Mushroom & a beautiful and flavorful Coconut Shellfish Broth. It's a great addition to the Arizona food scene and if your in the area and looking for a healthy and casual but still trendy option, True Food is for you!
4	Can't believe I haven't written this yet. Had a great meal here with my family when they were visiting from the east coast. There was a bit of a wait but we occupied our time at the nearby shops. Very unique and delicious menu. We each had different things and all enjoyed our meals. The staff were wonderful. The outside seating was great. My family can't wait to come back to town to come here again.
4	I eat at True Food pretty frequently. I've had their chicken chopped salad more times that I can count! They also have great seasonal pizzas - right now it's butternut squash, yum! They have some interesting and tasty breakfast dishes too. The service is usually good, and they are happy to accommodate most special requests. The reason for the 4 stars is because there is often a long wait to get in!
4	Healthy fresh food. Great for vegans, they even have fresh juice!!
5	As a mom of a kid with food allergies, I always have a hard time finding delicious food traveling. A few local friends recommend True Food and it was delicious! We went on a Saturday morning and I really loved how they open at 10am. My daughter had a yummy GF muffin. I mean yummy because it did not taste like cardboard. A lot of GF stuff taste like cardboard to me. And I was so happy that brunch had more choices than just egg related because my daughter is also allergic to eggs. I really enjoyed my farmed chopped chicken salad. Service was excellent. When I am in Scottsdale next time, I will definitely be back!
5	My favorite restaurant... Kale salad, chicken sausage pizza (gluten free crust is amazing), curry, shiratake mushroom dish- yum yum yum! The natural cold to drink... Half order of most apps- amazing!!
5	YUM!!  Jess, our server, was uber-knowledgeable of the menu, and was ON it throughout the meal--we never had to wait, or want for anything.  Hummus for an appetizer, best Hummus EVER!  Winter Ingredient Salad was to-die-for, very unique and crave-able.  Hurry!  It goes away in February!  and Squash Pie (yes!  Squash!) for dessert!  Samantha Davis, manager-on-duty, came by to check on our experience.  The joint was jumpin,' and she was in control.  Mark Miller, GM, deserves kudos for the training of his team.  This is a dialed-in restaurant, go there!
1	Love the food, but the service is so bad that I will not be back. It felt they were graciously "letting" my dine there, ignoring me for a while before I got the first recognition and menu (maybe they were hoping I would go away on my own?) Throughout the meal not a comment, not a question whether I would like another juice when I finished the first one and then it took at least 10 minutes for them to figure out that I was actually done - I had to place my credit card on the receipt for them to get it. No question on how it was or whether I wanted a dessert menu.No thanks, there are plenty of restaurants with great food and great service. Do not need this condescending atmosphere. FYI, sat at the bar.
5	Ordered the Panang Shrimp Bowl... wow!  Such beautiful flavors and texture.  Mildly spicy.  You will need a spoon for this one and I promise... you will Not be disappointed!
4	Truly, as good as it gets! The food is so fresh and so delish! I'm a gal who likes to eat but eventually I decided to try True Food Kitchen and boy am I glad I did. I ordered the quinoa burger (though there is no meat in it) and it was to DIE FOR!!!!!! I left feeling happy and not that "OH MY GOD, why did I eat that meal" kind of feeling.It gets busy so get there early or go on an off time, especially if you don't like to wait. The restaurant in itself is JUST SO BEAUTIFUL!Ask for the server Brandon if you go!!!!
4	Really delicious!  Tried the location in Santa Monica first and came back to the Scottsdale location based on that experience.  The Edamame Dumplings are excellent- so good!  Definitely recommend those as a starter.  At our table we had the spaghetti squash casserole, black cod, salmon and red chile shrimp.  Everything was delicious despite the fact that they were slammed on this particular evening.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a date night- but if you want good, healthy, fresh food relatively quickly then this is a great choice.  Beware- on a Saturday night the wait was almost 2 hours- luckily there is a lot of shopping nearby to kill time if you didn't have the forethought to make a reservation.
4	This place is fantastic!  The outdoor seating is great. The food is clean and very healthy. They have so many options!  I had the ginger agave soda water drink that was great to start off the night. The hostess recommended the hummus plate that came out very quickly. The pita was warm and the hummus was loaded with fresh herbs and veggies. The waitress was very helpful but having gone solo for this outing I was pretty full from the hummus and opted for their chicken chopped salad. It was GREAT!!!!!  It was a very large salad for just one having just had the hummus. The service was fast and very friendly. They are all very knowledgable of the menu and nutritional details.  It's the kind of place that makes you want to eat clean!
1	We have tried this place three different times, and have ordered different items each time, only to be completely disappointed.  I love Dr. Weil, and WISH I could give this place a good review, but the food is flavorless, boring, unseasoned, and DULL.  I am about worthless in the kitchen myself, and the dishes are about as imaginative as my own awful cooking, but with less flavor.  We give up.
4	Went for dinner last night, food was awesome, especially the onion tart we got for starters.  Drinks were good too, but I got a cranberry lemonade with vodka and it was kind of weak.   For my entree I had the Mediterranean salad and split a mushroom pizza, both of which were very good.The only negative was the length of time to get our food.  We had a 7 year old boy with us and he was very hungry
5	My first time here.  Really enjoying the experience.  Not only is the food delicious. It is healthy too
5	True Food Kitchen has me hooked!! The food here was delicious. I wish I had a True Food Kitchen back home in Chicago. The decor is modern, with a beautiful juice bar lined up with the most eye pleasing fruits and vegetables.  I had the mushroom miso soup with tofu, this was probably my favorite miso soup I ever had. The tofu teriyaki brown rice bowl tasted great. Tofu was made just right. The inside out quinoa burger is amazing, will be back just for that! The service was wonderful, our server Brandon was awesome he did a fabulous job, very knowledgeable & informative about the menu & restaurant.Love the patio seating too.
5	Excellent food and always fresh. We have been there several times and I have been pleased. The menu is not too overwhelming and the food is consistant. I will be coming here often.
4	Always good food and great salads.. Just feel refreshed and healthy after eating here.  You have to love the Chicken Chop Salad
5	Oh my goodness...delicious and good food!!!!  Great environment inside and outside.  Awesome servers.  The FOOD WAS SO FRESH and if possible organic and we had the Kale Salad; Quinoa Burger, Chocolate CAke and Chia Seed pudding for dessert with Grapefruit Martinis.   ALL YUMMY and would so go again and again.   WE ARE HOOKED....oh the sweet potatoe hash browns...beyond GOOD
4	I came here last spring while visiting my sister and her husband. I started off with a cucumber refresher. The name does it justice because it's very refreshing but a bit pricey so I only got one. For starters we had a bit of hummus that was actually very good and for entree we had spaghetti squash casserole and the teriyaki brown rice bowl with chicken. Both were very good. The service is pretty good too, it was a really big party and they were very accomodating.The atmosphere is cool. The prices are a bit steep. The cucumber refresher was like $5 for a thin glass and the casserole was like $15 for a portion a bit bigger then a french onion crock bowl.
5	Five stars for the ginger margarita!!
1	Anytime a new trend develops, you can count on the hipster trendoids loving everything about said trend, paying ridiculously overpriced tabs, and bragging how they got there first.One of the latest trends is, in a need to pretend to be eating healthy, eating some really weird stuff, that is marketed and wrapped in words like ORGANIC, WHOLE and TRUE."YUMMERS! The Clarified Tibetin Yak Feces on Mandarin Chiffonade Soil Wafers with Escargot Infused Pablano Aioli is the best thing I've ever had."Yeah, Ok. For the trendsetters, trendoid wanna-bes, and lemming followers, this sounds great. There are a few of us, however, who understand that you're just eating YAK SHIT, ON A DIRT CRACKER, WITH SNAILS AND MAYONNAISE.Cut to True Food Kitchen in Scottsdale. With delights on the menu such as TUSCAN KALE SALAD, BUTTERNUT SQUASH PIZZA, "INSIDE OUT" QUINOA BURGER,  and SHITAKE & TOFU LETTUCE CUPS, made from quality ingredients like SULTANA, FARRO, COCONUT SHELLFISH BROTH, & TELEGGIO, Yak Shit lovers must be cartwheeling.I made the mistake of ordering a Turkey Burger from True Food Kitchen at the behest of a Yak Shit eating co-worker who "just had to have" a Bison Burger.For $12 you get the following; Turkey Burger, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Mayo & Flax Seed Bun. Seems harmless enough, even almost tasty.Nope.It's hard to imagine screwing up a turkey burger this badly. Soggy, greasy, slimy....JUST PLAIN BAD. REALLY BAD!!The patty was dry. The bun was a soaky soggy. The worst, from a place that boasts "Honest food that tastes really good," is the terrible condition of the produce on this burger; slimy to the point of being gelatinous. Just plain gross. I took one bite and threw the rest away.Sorry, True Food Kitchen. I won't be back.Enjoy the KALE-ADE, THE SPAGHETTI SQUASH CASSEROLE & THE GRASS-FED BISON. To me, It's all just Yak Shit.
5	This is our favorite place for lunch in Scottsdale. We eat here every time we are in town. We always start with the yummy hummus. They have a great fresh environment with plenty of outdoor seating. The menu changes seasonally but it is always fresh, local ingredients. They also have a great variety of fresh juice drinks with optional alcohol, so tasty!!!
3	I love the fact that everything is healthy, and their food usually tastes great but I feel they're way over priced. Also if you come at peak hours, expect to wait at least 30 minutes at minimum.
4	So grateful for this organic oasis! Some seating more interesting ambiance- avoid outdoor corners which are not your best choice. Despite any wait or funny service this food is remarkable and delicious and you feel gratefully absent of GMOs when u go. Try the grapefruit
1	All I can say: A lot of hype for nothing. Well I guess I can say a bit more...Saturday night, went there around 6pm, I have been so excited to try out this restaurant that my boyfriend hungrily tolerated the 65 minute wait! Waiter staff, completely inattentive and rude, never paying attention to water, food coming out at two different times (rather silly for a dinner among two people). Atmosphere was crowed, leaving one to think that there is a reason this place was a hot spot, but listen to the conversations at the table and all you get is chatter about how nothing tastes good and how they should have checked out the restaurants around the corner instead.  Appetizer: Edamame DumplingsHUGE DISAPPOINTMENT, no flavor, very small portion, poorly executed, horribly plated.Boyfriends Dinner: Fish tacos.Small portion, lacked flavor, not filling, pathetic (in a word), once again poorly plated and beans on the side were not well integrated to create a collective dish.My Dinner: Shrimp Pasta with Shirataki NoodlesMore like shrimp swimming in a sea of soy sauce, no flavor, very rubbery shrimp, pathetic once again.Overall Impression: I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this restaurant. Would not recommend, much better sub-par restaurants around the corner.
5	I've eaten at True Foods a few times and each time I've walked away very satisfied.  Their menu is unique as is their food and drinks. Speaking of drinks, I ordered a Skinny Margarita and they put cucumber in it.  Can you believe it!  I hate Cucumbers!  But the drink was actually good.  I've had other unique drinks there as well. Now to turn to food.  Each dish I've had has been great.  Last Sunday I had the Buffalo burger, and it was great!  My date had some dish with shrimp that had a thai twist to it. And again a home run! The atmosphere is great, the service is too. It is a bit noisy inside, but the food is worth is.  The food is organic, favorable and colorful. The presentation is fine as well. Good job True Foods...even though you're now part of a national chain!
5	Truly delicious, lightweight but high flavor, and well-priced food!  Try to go every day that I'm in town. Absolutely delicious!
4	Great food and great staff! Expect line ups on the weekend but it is worth it. Try any of the chopped salads and the curry!
3	Loved the healthy fare but CUM-BUY-AH!  This place is uber-spendy for what you get.  We fed three people lunch for about $90.  Food and service is great and you should expect to pay when you eat in the Scottsdale Quarter, but for that kind of $$$ I'd rather eat elsewhere.
4	Delicious, delightfully healthy menu items.  Food: 5 stars.  Value: 3 stars (smallish portions for highish prices, great ingredients).  If you're super hungry, you might not get entirely full.Try the Spaghetti Squash, which has wonderful tomatoey flavor and very nice, firm consistency.  The Ahi Tuna Sliders are just excellent - beautiful fish, a touch of wasabi mayo (or something similar), sprouts - not always on the menu, but often still available.  For sides, I love both the Sweet Potato Hash and the Kale Salad.  They'll give you half of each so you don't have to choose, (yummy when mixed together, too).  The Red Chili Shrimp is a really well-made dish - lots of flavor, great ingredients/ texture and bit of spicy kick.Their fresh drinks (eg cucumber refresher) are super well made and very refreshing, but overly spendy, in my opinion.  Overall, a favorite for us!  The atmosphere is beautiful - very open, modern but warm, with a beautiful patio.  The service has been consistently pretty good (from large parties to dinner for two or three).
3	I used to LOVE this place so much. Unfortunately the last few times I have been here the food quality and service has gone downhill. I most recently ordered the bison burger which was my favorite of all time. I ordered it medium rare and came out well done with and stale bun, same for my wife. I hope they improve but I worry they are too busy to worry about quality. Too bad, puts a bad taste in my mouth for Fox restaurants and their care for quality customer experience, especially when your spending a premium. I hope they take a good look at what they are doing and get back to their roots. I rated 3 stats because the intention is good with natural, local and organic. I will be back but not in a hurry.
3	Not a good night for these guys overall. I would avoid this place on the weekend. Although it's busy, service severely lacks and it just isn't worth it. Normally I come here during the week and have heard the horror stories about weekends, but have it a shot anyway. My mistake. Waited a long time while tables sat empty because bussers weren't organized. Hostesses were giving out unrealistic wait times, I think they just gave up. Food was not up to par, three of us ordered the same salads and they all looked different. Server was either there a lot or not at all, which was confusing. It was a mess. To be fair, I'll give it another shot during the week.
5	Amazing food and healthy ingredients. Truly top notch. I got the Steelhead Salmon and Beet Salad over Quinoa. I would highly recommend it.
5	Unbelievably amazing. The food was phenomenal. Had a nice table outside which set the ambiance. We ordered the edamame dumplings as an appetizer - fabulous, we should have ordered two for the three of us.  The curry dish was amazing. I can't stress how tasty it was! We asked for it spicy and it def had a kick. There was a lot too so that I was able to really indulge.  The quinoa burger was ok.  We also ordered a butternut squash pizza. This had a unique flavor but we really liked it. I found the spiced apple drink to be too spiced for me but many yelpers really love it. I can't wait to eat here again.
5	For business travelers maintaining a healthy diet is SO difficult. This is the PERFECT solution to maintain a healthy diet while being forced to eat out while traveling. Excellent & healthy options. The ingredients are always fresh and quality. Great choice! I come to True Foods Kitchen any city I find it in when on business.
3	I've been here a few times with my friends and personally I feel it's only okay, not wow.  Yes, I know it has a lot of positive reviews but for me I felt the food was kind of bland each time I went.  There weren't enough flavors popping in my mouth.  I felt I needed spices or something to give it a kick.  It was like eating with dulled tastebuds each time I went.  Although for others they may like that, but for me I love spices, I love flavor and fire, food with passion and heat, not boring.Their drinks I wish my taste buds were dulled, because they were just icky for their alcoholic beverages.  Their non-alcoholic beverages were fine but a mixed drink I wouldn't recommend.  But I'm not one to complain at the restaurant so I decided to keep my beverage and drink it anyway when a friend called the waiter over herself and let them know I wasn't happy with my drink, they quickly removed it from the bill which was nice.But then the bill arrived, over $100 for two people.  Each time I've been there I haven't seen that bill be below $50 and it's not like two people can eat that much.  For $100 I'd expect a mouth watering meal that blows my mind, not something so boring and bland I feel like I purchased it from a QT gas station.Like I said it's not the same for everyone. I still have coworkers that go here often and just rave about the place.  Unfortunately I'm not one of them.  It's okay, but not for me.
5	Open air seating here is great. Awesome selection of mixed drinks and wine. Dr Andrew Weil's inspired menu of organic and local fare is excellent. Kids menu is in top 3 I've even seen. This will be a constant stop every time I visit the area!
1	This is the most poorly managed location.  We waited for 75 min only to have a group of 3 walk in and be seated immediately before us, without any wait.  The manager had no explanation.  Grimaldi's was happy to take the business.  Keep up the poor service.  I will take my business outside Fox restaurants!
5	I
5	Great food & service!  Clean & relaxing atmosphere!  Food was fresh & amazing!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!! SOOO wish they would put one closer out to where I lived...if so, we'd go there every week. Please come to Queen Creek, Gilbert...
4	Beautifully located in Scottsdale Quarters. Great for a mom lunch right by the splash pad or date nights. Food and drinks were amazing. Relaxing outside dining and service always very personable. Have ordered sandwiches, pizza, and spaghetti squash. All entrees were delicious and the best part HEALTHY! Kids menu had a good selection but portions are limited. Highly recommend True Food especially for gluten free eaters.
4	Really great place for healthier (but probably not all that healthy) fare. The environment is airy, comfortable and pleasant. The crowd is a mixture of first dates, tourists and "beautiful people".  The food is very well presented and obviously made with fresh ingredients by caring hands.
3	The strawberry salad is delicious.  Always nice but it's very loud at times and if you are going for lunch plan to wait in line.
1	Arrived 9:30 on a Sat. nite no wait plenty of tables but was seated far from the kitchen and staff. Took a bit for server to make initial contact. Placed order....appetizer, salad, entree.   Appetizer arrived quick and was tasty. Entree came out next before salad.  What amazed us was how super hot the plate and entree was radiating quite amount of heat.   Could not touch entree till salad came out 10 mins later.  The entree...spaghetti squash....simply awful.  It lacked any flavor or nutritional vibe. The sauce was watery with zero taste.  We consumed it due to hunger.We ordered their market salad but what arrived was an overly green leafy very lemony mayo type tasting dressing smothered on top. There were no blueberries, avocado, goat cheese, etc. but still told by staff and by the primary server it was the market salad.  They offered a Mediterranean salad as replacement and we consumed it. Due to the lack of a satisfied stomach we shared a very tasty lemon tart.Service lacked any genuine hospitality.   Atmosphere could be pretty amazing if a change in personality took place. Did play cool music.  Did not get out till 11pm.  The bill was $48 bucks we left three 20's didn't wait for change and ran!
5	Love this place.  The staff could not be nicer, extremely accommodating for special diets which is very helpful!!
4	There is much to like about True Food: the ambiance with both inside and outside seating, a very eclectic, healthy and creative menu. Unfortunately their service is lacking and they don't seem to care much about their customers because they have plenty of them coming in - if you come in hungry you will probably leave the same way!  I had a main course of shitake noodles, about $13, and it seemed more like an appetizer - just not much there for the price. What was there was very tasty, but with the absence of much protein it's not long before one is hungry again.
4	I love True Food mainly because they are non-gmo and organic! This place has a very natural classy ambience. The service is usually good even though they are soooooooo busy all the time!I love the TLT and Teriyaki brown rice bowl.. wish they had more vegan options! Awesome drinks.. Natural refreshments and the cocktails!
4	At first the menu descriptions seemed strange but the flavors were awesome. Pesto pizza and fresh pasta were fantastic.
3	Come during off-peak hours! Great for vegetarians!I've had mixed experiences at True Foods, which is why it was downgraded from a 4 to a 3.  We came for Sunday brunch a couple of times - the food was great and the environment was nice.  We had dinner one Saturday night around 8 or 9 - the service was horrible and the food wasn't cooked well.  As in, the fish was completely dry and we were very disappointed in the experience.We just went back yesterday for a late lunch/early dinner (4pm).  We were immediately seated.  We requested outdoor seating, which I immediately regretted when I realized it was still HOT in the shade even.  As an appetizer, we had the vegetable crudites - I highly recommend this appetizer.  You can get the small or large.  The small feeds two pretty perfectly.  It comes with a house-made ranch and a house-made kalamata olive dip.  Both are great!As main courses, my boyfriend had the brown rice/tofu bowl and I had the TLT (tempeh, lettuce, and tomato).  His was okay - had a bit too much orange flavor for our liking.  The tofu was very chewy and seemed fried, even though our waitress assured us before ordering that it wasn't.  The TLT was good - lots of tempeh.  It appeared to be store bought (like fakin bacon), but may have been house made.  The sandwich had lots of avocado, tempeh and tomato.  It also came with a side order - half kale salad and half sweet potato hash.  Both sides were okay.  The sweet potatoes were under seasoned.  The kale salad tasted a lot like coconut oil, which they must use as their rub.  I mixed the two together.Overall, the food was good.  If I was feeling less lazy (which I obviously wasn't when I was going out to eat), I could make it all at home, but the meal was quick and easy and so I give my kudos to True Foods for redeeming themselves.  Maybe we'll be back.
2	True Food was very disappointing for lunch today.  I ordered the Mediterranean salad with salmon- fish was almost rancid and the salad was missing at least two of the listed ingredients.m Staff was nice about it, but obviously something (or someone) was wrong in the kitchen. I have eaten here many times but will probably not return ( at least for a while).
5	This restaurant is truly fresh, tasty,  has a very nice atmosphere. Service is friendly and informative.Great stuff! Fresh fish is incredible....and the fresh veggies are just that...FRESH!
5	Oh my goodness, I'm in heaven! Feeling sluggish and dragging our weary, bloated feet (sorry for the visual!), we flopped around a corner at the mall and bumped into this heavenly place. Anywhere that starts you off with fresh, cold-pressed vegetable juice AND gracefully and yummily accommodates a gluten- and dairy-allergy AND a vegan gets my enthusiastic vote. We started with kale-aids, honey lemonades and carrot lemonades all round, and moved on to the most heavenly healthy fare this side of Grandma Flo's farm - red chilli shrimp, farmers market salad, gluten free pizza and more. Only problem: I can't seem to stop eating. That can't be healthy. Or can it?
5	Amazing! The restaurant is beautiful. Service is great. The server was very helpful with allergies. The food and drinks were superb. The food was healthful and flavorful. The only drawback is a bit of a parking hassle due to the location.
5	Great place with nice patio. Friendly staff. Offers many healthy choices, and everything I have ordered has been delicous. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	I usually go to the True Food in the Biltmore for lunch, but came here for date night on Friday. We were offered the patio seating which was low/patio furniture type seating because the wait was long.  We were sat in comfortable chairs next to a fire pit (too hot to turn on), with a view of the courtyard with trees and lighting. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the weather was perfect. My boyfriend ordered green tea, and we both tried something new- the curry. The waitress let us know that we could do half order of shrimp/half chicken. It was delicious!! Warning: it comes out extremely hot! I usually order either the tacos or the chicken teryaki bowl, which are both also very good. You really can't go wrong with anything you order, including the different lemonades and other pressed juices! Highly recommend this place!
5	I'm a long time veggie/vegan food snob, and a dining-service snob, frequenting veggie restaurants in Manhattan, Chicago, and Phoenix/Scottsdale.  The veggie/vegan fare isn't world class--nothing is in the Phoenix--but it's the best for the (Phoenix) area.  It's the service that puts it over the top and garners my five stars.Dan S. writes "Service lacked any genuine hospitality."  Dan... are we talking about the same restaurant?  I've never seen anyone at True Food Scottsdale be anything other than great, if not fantastic.  Maybe I haven't been here for enough rush hours?  Not sure.Located in the Scottsdale Quarter mall also makes for appealing environment.  The outdoor area makes for wonderful al fresco experience, especially on the east side, next to the courtyard next to the fountains.
4	Love the food!! If it wasn't for the lunch wait time, this place would have 5 stars from me, however every time I go for lunch the place is half empty and 2 hostesses are always looking  frazzled. Go for dinner! :)
2	Healthy food, cooked and prepared well.  Rude bartending staff and less than jovial atmosphere.  Definitely catering to the pretentious crowd.  If that is your gig this will be a five star for you.  If you want super healthy food and can tolerate that crap it will be a 3 or 4.  If you just don't have time for it.. well you get this review. :)
5	While walking in the Scottsdale Quarter area and looking for a place to eat a quick lunch, I stumbled upon this place and was intrigued by the concept and menu items. I ended up ordering the turkey lasagna which contained spinach, ricotta and organic tomatoes and baked and plated in a casserole dish which was nice surprise from the traditional presentation of how lasagna is done. The portion was just right and I did not feel that I had overeaten after leaving. Simple syrup was provided for my black ice tea which was a nice twist as they were out of sweeteners. I definitely would return should I ever be back in the Scottsdale area!
4	The food really is true food!!!  The bison burger rocks along with the sweet potato hash!  Excellent drinks and desert.
5	The food is so delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant to everybody! The other day my family was in town and it was a "must" to take them to True Food Kitchen. We ordered drinks (I got the Pomegranate Acai Mojito), appetizers (Shiitake & Tofu Lettuce Cups), and entrees. I ordered the "INSIDE OUT" Quinoa Burger. SO GOOD. It includes hummus, veggies, tzatziki, avocado - all the good stuff. One of my favorite meals i've had in a long time. Everything was so fresh and yummy.
3	We are usually big fans of the foodie flavors that come out of Fox Concepts, but felt this one fell a little short for us.True Food Kitchen is the brain-child of Dr. Andrew Weil and Sam Fox. Their two-fold mission is that every dish served must not only be delicious but must also promote the diner's well-being. Our palates were somewhat uninspired by the offeringsTrue Foods is also showcasing proper proportions and the benefits of an anti-inflammatory food pyramid diet of Dr Weil. The only problem is the menu prices need to go on a diet too.  Everything is tasty, but a tad priceyOur introduction might have also been tempered by the amateurish hostess station, which seemed more interested in having a conversation with a girlfriend friend who stopped by, rather then sitting the customers.  We watched in amusement until our turn came. LOL  Our server was a bit spacey too.  She was MIA for long stretches of time during our meal and was only bailed out by the other servers.We tried the Spaghetti Squash (photo) with a "protein" of Chicken Sausage and the Teriyaki (photo) with a "protein" of chicken with brown rice. BTW, "protein" is True Kitchen's favorite add on noun.  As for our meal, we found the squash was overwhelmed by it's spaghetti sauce, which was mildly spicy which we liked.  Though we really enjoyed the chicken sausage "protein".  As for the the Teriyaki it was somewhat bland and overwhelmed by the brown rice.  Hard to believe.  We did enjoy the Pomegranate Limeaide (photo) and the Honey Ice Teas.Expect to pay around $30 per person, including one non alcoholic drink.  Our return factor is less than twenty percent.  Sorry.SITEREP:If you've been following along in the newspapers, Fox Restaurant Concepts made national headlines in February 2012, when PF Chang's acquired a 51 percent stake in True Foods after providing a initial $10 million in start up costs back in 2009.  http://www.bizjournals.com/phoenix/stories/2009/08/10/daily51.htmlhttp://www.bizjournals.com/phoenix/morning_call/2012/02/pf-changs-buying-majority-stake-in.htmlThey are showcasing a cookbook from Dr. Weil and chef Michael Stebner which includes more than 125 original recipes.  On the menu you will find Spring Salad with Aged Provolone, Curried Cauliflower Soup, Corn-Ricotta Ravioli, Spicy Shrimp and Asian Noodles, Bison Umami Burgers, Chocolate Icebox Tart, and Pomegranate Martini and much more. They are hoping for a 50-restaurant rollout of the concept, over the next several years. The average 5,000 square feet True Foods space highlights the use of reclaimed wood and environmentally friendly materials, costing about $2.5 million and $3 million in each location.http://www.bizjournals.com/washington/print-edition/2012/03/09/pf-changs-backed-true-food-kitchen.html?page=all
2	Food was good and the ambiance was nice. They were able to accommodate our large group of almost 12 pregnant/new mom plus babies group. Only thing I had a big issue with was the price for the quantity. I ordered a bowl of the soup of the day and it look more like a cup in most other restaurants. I would have been okay with it if I didn't have to pay $9 for it. I also paid $5 for the kale juice and it was almost all ice and no juice in the cup. I felt a little cheated as I could have just made a batch of both the soup and kale juice at home :( I don't know what the other ladies paid for their portions and everyone got something very different. So I left feeling hungry and kinda bummed... Oh well. Hanging out with my other hot mamas made up for it. However, I don't know if I will be returning too soon. Nice spot to go shopping after!
5	We dined here for fathers day 2013. There were 5 of us and had a nice table outside under misters. We enjoyed a few of the Natural Refreshers, I recall the carrot lemonade was the most interesting, in a good way. I started with the shitake & tofu lettuce cups. They were excellent- messy but great. My mother law really enjoyed her spagetti squash casserole, and had a few meals of leftovers! My husband ordered the curry which was so good, I helped him finish it!
4	Food was really flavorful and not overly greasy.  We did takeout.  It was fast and easy.  The only issue was finding the place.  They need more signage on the major roads to show how to get there.  My wife and I are pretty choosy about eating out because of some health challenges.  My wife is gluten intolerant, has allergies to cooking oils and a bunch of other things.  True Food was very accommodating AND the food tasted great.  Great place to go if you want something tasty and healthy.
4	I've been going to True Food since it first opened in the Biltmore years ago. I love all the food and have never been disappointed. It's atmosphere is not especially trendy or modern, but open and fresh which is accurately reflects their menu.This was the first time it had their brunch and I was not disappointed. I had a soy cappuccino and the chicken sausage scramble. The three of us all split an order of the quinoa pancakes which was probably my favorite part of the meal! They put Greek yogurt on top and it changed the way I view pancakes for life. The scramble was good too but I would have liked a sauce or something on top to put it all together, regardless I still enjoyed it. Hope to be back again soon!
4	Delicious and healthy food! I am all about eating healthy and cutting out pesticides and this place fits the bill. Their food is fresh and delicious and they have a wide range of foods to fit many different diet choices. I will definitely come back. The only drawback is the vegetarian options are a little more expensive then most other places.
3	I feel like this is a trendy "it" type place. If you like to be seen, pay a lot for so so food, and be crowded in the place; you'll love it. The kale salad I had was good but nothing you couldn't make at home. My fiance had a chicken dish that was extremely bland. The portion size was good and the juices were excellent. We say at the bar and were cramped on top of each other. I don't know that I'd go back for the food but would for the juice.
5	Outstanding service and food. Everything was so good . I would recommend to anyone looking for good food.
5	This place has been on my 'must eat list' for a while. I finally stopped by after a walking around Kierland Commons and Scottsdale Quarter. I plopped myself by the bar and after debating between a salad (my coworker raves about their kale salad), decided on the quinoa burger. I was so excited to find out that a kale salad came with it! I forgot to order dressing on the side, but to my surprise, they did not drench the salad with dressing and it was delicious! The quinoa burger was just as amazing.Being a hummus snob, I had to order one to go for dinner. Wow. It's a little Americanized but was still really good. FYI you can mix and match your salad! If you see a salad that you like, you can ask them to switch the greens base (ie kale instead of lettuce). They make their food on the spot, with organic ingredients, and no preservatives. Definitely worth the price!
4	This was impulse stop for lunch on a Friday afternoon. We were seated pretty quickly which was nice for a busy time.None of us had been here before and the waitress gave us a nice rundown on the food and philosophy. We all got a different dish and everyone seemed happy with their choices. The one comment was that the shrimp and noodles were supposed to be pretty spicy according to the waitress but the person who ordered it said it wasn't that spicy.We didn't do any of the juices though I was more tempted by some of the unique cocktails. It was pretty pricey considering the portion sizes but you pay for fresh and you pay for the address too. We'll go back is my guess!
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch before a movie at the iPic this weekend.  They were pretty busy, but we were able to get a table outside immediately.  I had peeked at the menu ahead of time and was glad to see a number of vegan options in addition to gluten free and vegetarian.  The restaurant boasts an open kitchen where you see a dozen prep cooks working hard on a ton a fresh produce.  The brunch menu (wknds 10am - 4pm) has an awesome variety of breakfast, salads, sandwiches, entrees, pizzas, sides and starters.  They have fresh juice and lemonade concoctions in addition to a healthy cocktail and wine list. (I took a few pics of the menu for drink ideas at home!)  I ordered the Mediterranean chopped salad, sans cheese to make it vegan. My taste buds were delighted with my selection!  I forgot to ask the server what the greens were in my salad... they were the tops/greens of something, but I couldn't figure it out by taste. Whatever it was, it perfectly complimented the almonds, quinoa, cucumbers, grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, green beans and tomato-herb vinaigrette.  I do lots of quinoa salads and this was a great one.  My boyfriend was a big fan of the chicken sausage pizza with fennel and fontina. Neither of us had room (or time) for dessert... Next time I go, I'm aiming to have their Kale-Aid juice as a dessert: Juiced kale, apple, cucumber, celery, lemon and ginger. Sounds so refreshing!!
5	I love this restaurant!! The only bad thing is everyone else loves this restaurant so there is always a wait! But it is soo worth the wait! I have never had anything here that I didn't like. I recommend the spaghetti squash! Its amazing as well as the ginger margarita!
5	The whole family + grandparents loved it!You immediately know this is going to be healthy. The grassy shades of green and wood tables complement their organic, vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free menu. Some wonderfully minimalist grasses are in the middle of the indoors and the outside has some larger plants. Inside, the kitchen is not separated so you can see everything that goes on and it is really nice. They even have a misting system outdoors to save you from the Arizona heat. I especially love the cute little succulents at the tables.The food was the best I've ever had. I wish more restaurants were like this. I normally hate going out to eat but True Food Kitchen is where I can be happy. Everything is freshly made in the kitchen. Unlike a lot of healthy restaurants, their food tastes great and is very filling. It still hurts to move two hours later.I ordered the Honey Lemonade as my beverage and the Herb Hummus as a starter. The lemonade is a perfect balance of honey and lemonade. I need to try to make it at home. The hummus is perfectly herby, not overwhelming, and comes with delicious pita bread.My Grass Fed Bison Burger arrived hot but immediately ready to eat. I don't like burning myself. It was my second favorite bison meal I've ever had. Their flax seed buns don't taste any different and don't become soggy like normal buns. I think the patty was garnished in mushrooms, onions, and umami sauce, but the flavors blended together perfectly so I don't remember.As a side, I had a choice between kale salad and sweet potato. I chose both and was pleased. The potatoes weren't too salty and the kale had Parmesan. I previously disliked kale but they exposed me to a new method of preparation.Even though I was stuffed by this point, I ordered the Pomegranate Sorbet. I never knew something natural could be so sweet. You would think it's soaked in high fructose corn syrup. I was going to ask what they used but forgot. The sorbet also had a hint of pine, which I enjoyed, that brought back memories.The service was awesome. Our waiter was very positive and explained everything about the restaurant and answered all questions. I recommend this restaurant to everyone!
2	says they are open at 9am on Sunday well we just got here and they aren't opening until 10 soooooo .... um weird
5	Hands down my favorite place to eat! Amazing healthy food and great drinks! MyFavorite part was the fact that they have organic liquor! It was awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone! Family friendly but also fun to go out with friends!
5	Very very good. Sat outside for lunch with some friends on one hot summer day in AZ and started off with their clementine & cucumber margarita. Sound good and was not disappointment. My one friend got their blackberry smash cockatiel, also quite refreshing. For lunch I decided with the turkey lasagna which was perfect. Couldn't have been happier. Wish I had gotten a chance to try more on the menu.
5	Great decor. Great service.  Worth the wait.  Versatile menu that changes with season appropriate ingredients. Keep getting stuck on the pizza and salads,...yet they will definitely push me to come back for a 3rd visit.
4	Are you one of the following?: dirty hippie, hipster, organic gardener, whole foods frequenter, vegan, gluten-free, lactose-free, summertime winter hat wearer? Then this place is for you. My friend who was with me also said that the attractiveness of the clientele was above average, but he is from Tucson.They are awesome with any allergy or strange dietary request. The food is all locally sourced blah blah blah. Very smelly hippie atmosphere, girls with dreadlocks and socks with sandals. I had the pizza with the eggplant and bri. I loved it. I also had some kind of carrot tasting smoothie, it was alright but nothing to write home about. Apparently my organs will now function better due to that one drink...My friends had the lasagna, gluten free of course and they loved it. My mom had the fish tacos and she eats them everywhere she goes. She raved about the flavor.Overall this restaurant is good food-wise but a little too "I drive a Prius why don't you, environment destroyer??!!" For my tastes.
5	All I can say is WOW!!!  While visiting in AZ stopped in for a late lunch, shared a stir fry veggie bowl with tofu, it was delicious!!!  The cocktails are even more amazing, had the skinny margarita with slices of fruit (cucumbers & oranges)  so refreshing.  My daughter had the cucumber martini which was even better then my drink.  I could have stayed and just drank cocktails all afternoon.  Uber cool hip healthy food restaurant. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.  Kudo's to AZ for it's great healthy restaurants.
5	The "TLT" is so delicious!!! Although it wasn't my first choice, I couldn't have been happier with the sandwich! OMGoodness!!! I've never had Tempeh before (and quite frankly I didn't even know what it was, lol) but I decided to try something else and new... 'cause... why not?! But let me just tell you... it was like eating bacon!!! Wow! Something vegan that tastes like bacon?! Sign me up!!! I couldn't even tell it wasn't a BLT sandwich it was so yummy. Now the sides -- the Kale salad was absolutely phenomenal! The lemony dressing gave it just the right amount of citrus-y umph to make it mouth-watering. And the sweet potato hash... sweet and yummy! (I would almost eat their sweet potato hash for dessert, lol). The pairings of the salad and sweet potato hash with the sandwich was perfection! On to dessert... We ordered the lemon tart with strawberries and coconut cream whipped topping... WOW!!! The tart lemon flavor with the fresh strawberries and sweet coconut cream whipped topping gave it just the perfect balance of flavors. And I've never had coconut cream whipped topping -- I thought I was in heaven! :) True Food Kitchen never disappoints and I suggest and recommend to try anything on the menu... It's all super healthy and absolutely delicious. This was my second visit to True Foods THIS WEEK and will definitely be back again... Sooner rather than later.
5	I've never had a bad meal here, and the service is always exceptional.  Today was no different.Usually I have the TLT, but my daughter and I recently found that we are sensitive to wheat and soy, so this time we had the turkey burger on Gluten Free bun. It needed a little extra mayo since turkey tends to be a little dry anyway, but it was otherwise AWESOME. Our server was so sweet about my crazy 2 year old and brought a pen and paper for her to color (thanks Meg!). I definitely recommend True Food. It's probably my favorite of all the FRC establishments. Every time we come back to az to visit we make sure to stop in and this will continue as long as the quality stays consistent like this.
3	Healthy! Great juices too.
4	A Fox concepts restaurant group restaurant, I've eaten at this restaurant many times n enjoy the seasonal changes. Some things are better than others but overall this is a nice spot. It also has the best location in the Scottsdale quarters in my opinion, I love the patio in the back by the green grass mole hills and palm trees. Very Scottsdale! Great place to eat before or after a movie at Ipic.  My favorites on the menu are, the salads!! especially Tuscan kale and the hummus...
5	We visited this restaurant on our family vacation to Scottsdale and were pleasantly surprised with the food, service, ambiance and selection. Our picky 6 and 9 year old munched on fresh vegetables including snap peas, watermelon radishes and broccoli rap-ini. Then the devoured a delicious margarita pizza followed by a lemon tart and cloudless chocolate cake for dessert. Eating real food can taste good and the prices were not too outrageous. They also have a pretty great selection of fresh juices. I had the kale aid and found it to be ok. The kids had a juice as well but didn't enjoy it  - they prefer water anyway. We will definitely return before our vacation is over.
5	Ended up here on a whim. We needed a dog friendly patio. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. I had the street tacos with sea bass. Amazing! My husband had the bison burger with the kale salad. He loved it. The cocktails were fantastic. I wish Fox would open one here in Tucson.
1	Okay, this place really got on my nerves, and this is why: I went there for dinner at the hotel receptionist's suggestion for a local vegetarian restaurant. I walk in around 7 pm and sit at what looks like a juice bar. I pick from the menu something called "medicine man" which purportly contains pomegranate juice. I ask the 20-something server, "This is real fresh juice you make yourself, correct?" "Everything you see here is made here," he says - a brilliantly vague answer considering the sham he is about the serve me. "So you actually have the pomegranates and then you juice them yourself?" and he nods affirmatively. I see a commercial juicer so I believe the little punk.Guess what I got? For $6 + tax, I get this pinkish watery thing in an 8-ounce plastic cup, at least half of it filled with ice. No, this gotta be a mistake. Maybe it tastes like heavily watered down Kool-Aide because the ice has melted. So I send it back and ask for juice without ice. I am informed that without ice I would get half as much, which was fine with me, thinking now I'm going to get something that actually tastes like fruit. I watch him return almost instantly with a smaller glass cup. Wow, he's gotta be the fastest juice-man on the planet, I joke, but inside I am cringing because freshness and instantaneous don't go together and the realization that I've been had is beginning to settle in.  Yes, it tastes the same. It's the same pinkish watery crap with all of four blueberries floating on top. "I thought you said you have fresh juice.""It is fresh," he insists matter-of-factly. "We just sell so much of it that we have to make it in the morning." "And why does it taste so watery?""Oh, we top it off with soda water."I ask to see how it is done. He shows me a large dented metal coffee urn, labeled "medicine man." He pours the now day-old "fresh juice" and then tops it off with a soda gun. There is nothing fresh about the pomegranate either. It's right out of a POM bottle. I paid, even left a tip, and strolled out, hungry but polite. Even thanked my server. The kid wouldn't know fresh if it crashed into his forehead. But I was more anguished for not having the guts to do what needed to be done: refuse to pay, throw the "fresh juice" into the little pissant's face and hollered curses at the corporate jackasses that pull this off on the unsuspecting public.Why am I such a chicken? Oh, I'm in some fancy shopping mall with all these model suburbanite's cluelessly huffing down soda and old juice and congratulating themselves for being healthy. Doing what needed to be done would've precipitated the painful jamming of my head between the floor and the flabby but insistent ass cheeks of the nearest security guard.By the way, there is absolutely nothing vegetarian about this fake of a place. My quick scan of the menu didn't spot a single meatless entree. And to add insult to injury, these shameless lovers of the planet serve sea bass!True Food, my ass. Or maybe they're just being ironic.Stung by audaciously corrupt capitalism, I took refuge at a true vegetarian place, here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/organic-shores-phoenix?hrid=6Unfw6K79UO3B6q1edEjzA
3	Vegan and Vegetarian friendly, just be warned you will wait for a table during business lunch hour.  We learned to eat early to get a table, once we did that, service is awesome and the food is great.  Lots of different items for the diner to enjoy.  I've had the fish tacos a couple of times and they are great!
4	Very clean and healthy menu with lots of wonderful looking drinks. Great outdoor area and fantastic service. I had a delicious Bison Burger with Kale and Sweet Potatoes. My wife had a Salmon Garden Salad. Definitely a place to check out if you're around Scottsdale!
5	What a great concept! Delicious food and great service. Although the place was busy,  we were served rather quickly.  Crudite was beautifully arranged! My quinoa burger went down really fast. I *need* to learn how they make the sweet potato hash. I'm jealous of the states that have a True Food Kitchen....I'm ready to petition to get one up here in the northeast
4	The food was great but the service was sub par. Took forever to get our drinks & I think they had to go pick the veggies before we got our app. Clean atmosphere and great location. I will go back and give them another shot.
5	Love the True Foods in the Scottsdale Quarter and the Biltmore location as well. The food always tastes great! I love how they update their menu seasonally. One of my favorite dishes is the Seafood Cauldo. A delicious large portion soup that is a nutritious and plentiful meal. Check out True Foods if you haven't been there you won't be disappointed!
4	My husband and I enjoyed our anniversary lunch today. The food was great as well as the service. The dessert (crisp) came out a little late so the manager treated us even though we didn't complain. I had the sea bass tacos and my husband had the inside out quinoa burger. Both were great. Will definitely go back.
5	Really cool atmosphere. I had the watermelon rose cocktail, which was awesome!, and the albacore tataki. The appetizer had a bit too much dressing, but the concept and presentation, and the taste, was great! Definitely a cool place to grab a drink or a meal after shopping.
5	Everything here is amazing. Their pizza is bomb, its not on the menu anymore but ask for the kale pizza its to dieee for. Their turkey lasagna is also my go to. Their flavored margerita's are also really good...... and i dont even like margaritas. that is all.
5	I eat here at least once a week. Watermelon salad, turkey sandwich, and lasagna are all amazing and the staff is very friendly. These will be all over the country in no time.
4	Bison burger and kale were amazing.Parking a bit difficult.  Service excellent.
2	So, always been a fan of this place until I started eating there regularly since I work in the area. So now I can poke holes through this place...kind of like when you stay at a friend's house a while, you start finding out things that you didn't suspect. Some dishes I will never grow tired of: the caramelized onion tart, kale salad, curry, and the big bowl of raw veggies with the two dips. All outstanding.Other dishes vary from just ok to not at all my flavor profile. I won't hold it against them. But there are a couple of rip offs...ALL DRINKS. All rip offs. Medicine man whatever...watered down. So expensive, flushed with soda water, full of ice. There is literally two sips in the glass.  Totally not worth it at $6 each. At least. Say yes to a refill? Get charged an other $6. Salads are teeny tiny. I still pay $8 for the tangy kale salad since I'm a bit addicted, but the chicken chopped at $14 is a total joke. I ordered it to go just a few days ago and it looked like a $3 salad. Not even an once of chicken, a few tiny pieces of manchego and ONE date. ONE!!! The container was about 6 inches long and had about an inch tall of salad. Not even appetizer size. With tax, it was over $16. That makes me angry. And that makes me give only two stars.
5	Wide variety of healthy and savory dishes! Great gluten free dishes as well... and their deserts are by far the best GF deserts I've  ever tried. The lasagna dish and summer squash is also the best I've ever tried. It's pretty busy, but they keep it well organized and clean. The waiters are all incredible educated on the dishes and professional. Pleeeassee bring one to SF!
1	I have eaten at this restaurant over 25 times and it use to be a favorite.  The quality and the service have been going downhill.  In June when my friends treated me here to my birthday, we all commented how lousy the service and food were becoming.  Last night was my last night ever going to this place.  My daughter was in from out of town and requested we go here because I would not have chosen True Food again.  We were seated at a table with food all over the floor underneath and a menu laying there as well.  We waited 10 min and many server walked by us but no one acknowledged us.  I finally got up and went to the receptionist to ask if our table could be cleaned and if we could see a server.  Our server let us know he was eating his dinner....really?  My daughter ordered the tacos vegetarian with tofu, I ordered a salad.  My daughter began with a field green salad for $4.  This salad is only lettuce, like TF dumped out a cup of mixed field green out of a bag.  I had to continually stop other servers for more ice or more ice tea.  When our server would approach the table he was still chewing from eating his dinner.  When our entrees were served they did not bring my daughters.  I had to flag down several servers to check on her order.  Our server was nowhere in site since he was enjoying his dinner.  My daughters tacos had only a cabbage mix, no tofu, nothing else.  I wanted to have them redone but we were both so over this place and the quality. This restaurant use to be trendy and the service spot on but the menu is tired and needs to be revamped, the servers no longer even look hip and trendy.  I am over this place.
5	We were in the area and decided to try a new restaurant. Thanks Yelp! We work Saturday nights so I forgot how Saturday night crowds are. The restaurant was pretty busy (Obviously a good sign) so we sat at the bar. Fortunately the full menu is available   We started with the lettuce wraps - delicious! I had the panang curry chicken. It was delicious as well. It was just the right amount of spicy. My husband had the squash casarole. It was super yummy but a little sweet and could use a side dish. We also had the flour less cake. Ridiculously delicious.
5	Love the juice bar! Try the kaleaid. They now have bottled cold pressed juice. It's expensive, but so good.
1	This place is ridiculous.  I'm all about eating healthy and organic and what not (I frequent Whole Foods multiple times a week).  But this place is for suckers.  I already gave up eating here long ago, because their food is severely overpriced and bland - not to mention the seriously small portions.  However, this afternoon, while doing some shopping in Scottsdale Quarter, I stopped by their semi-new Juice Bar (Juby True?) and ordered an iced green tea.  No big deal right?  I didn't even look at the menu, because I would assume that an Iced tea would be a negligible expense.  Well, to my surprise, after they had poured it and rang it up - it was just under FIVE DOLLARS!!!  For an Iced tea?!! Are you freaking kidding me?!  On what planet is it okay to charge $5 for an Iced tea?  Seriously!  And it wasn't even that good.  I definitely should have gone across the street to Starbucks, or down the road to AJ's, where I could have gotten 3 way better ones for the same price.  You people are scammers.I feel like I should also add that I lived in Manhattan for 3 years (which is by far one of the most expensive places in the country), and I was never charged this much for an Iced tea while I lived there.  Maybe I'm just having a fit, but this place needs to get over themselves.  I honestly don't understand how they're still in business.
4	There's a reason why my trips home from Seattle always end up starting here :) Great food that changes seasonally and awesome ambiance!Service is always excellent - it's a bit of a minor detail, but having water attentively refilled is so wonderful, especially during the summer!!
1	I don't understand why this place is so popular. Such a fad, tries way too hard, and HAS to be for people who think they are being cool, trendy and healthy. No one can possibly come here starving because they will leave hungry as the portions are tiny and the food super bland. I've been here twice and both times thought YUCK. I'm all for healthy eating but the dishes here are just not worth it.
4	Ooo, i am most certainly a fan of True Food Kitchen! The restaurant is basically one big open box with the patio wrapping around 3 sides of it. Definitely a great place to take a lunch break when you are out shopping in this really cool area of Scottsdale. The staff all seemed really fun and cheerful. To start off with I had a honey infused lemonade that was fantastic! Then came the vegetable crudites, wow, there's a show stopper for you! I huge bowl of absolutely beautiful vegetables - you can order a half order and I highly suggest it, between two of us we probably ate about half. Then for my main I had a perfectly spiced Panang curry rice bowl with wonderful jumbo prawns. Mmmm! I would order that again in a heartbeat! Thanks so much to Gabi M for taking me to this really fun spot. I can't wait to go back and actually do some shopping along with the eating!
4	Contrary to my idiotic notion when I first walked in, this is not a vegan restaurant, you can happily be a meat lover and eat here. Between the delectable drinks and th Grass Fed Bison Burger, I was feeling overall very happy. I couldn't get enough of the mayo/aoili concoction on the burger. But the best part of  the meal was when the waitress asked if I wanted the Kale salad or the sweet potato hash browns, she let me have both after I stared at her for far too long trying to decide whether I should be healthy or not. WOAH! Why don't more places suggest both sides?!I would say that the sweet potato hash browns were cut too small, so they burnt. Other than that, the meal was phenomenal and I should have been going there every night. I definitely didn't have enough Acai Blueberry Mojitos and Watermelon Roses to curb my craving.
3	Much to my surprise I enjoyed my lunch today.  The company of a couple girlfriends didn't hurt.  I had the turkey burger with a side of a 1/2 kale salad and 1/2 sweet potato hash.  Everything was very flavorful and filling.  Typically I find the portions small here but the burger definitely filled me up. I would not have a drink as they are greatly overpriced $4 for a lemonade.
5	Local healthy food, with dishes based on Dr. Weil's anti inflamamtory diet. I personally have an inflammatory condition, so when I eat here I really feel like I am treating my body properly. I always get the cashew/tofu lettuce wrap appetizer. Its so tasty! (And I'm not vegan). I know others said they felt the food here was bland, I tend to disagree. I felt like the lettuce wraps had just enough flavoring. Any extra would be too much.
2	We have eaten at True Foods several times.  We like to eat there because the food is healthy.  The service is usually good but the people who work the front check-in are not friendly or helpful.  They are young girls who talk to each other and make faces about people walking in the door and could care less if they have a table for you or not.  All they are there for is a pay check.  They told us there it would be a hour wait.  We said we would like to sit on the couch out back. She said she would check availability.  She never did.  We walked outside and saw that it was available.  The next three people who waited on us were short and rude.  The food is good but you also want to be treated kindly!  Didn't happen tonight!!
5	What a great restaurant. Lovely ambiance and classy restaurant. Had the most amazing food. The menu was great and it included gluten free dishes. I had the most yummy gluten free squash spaghetti w shrimp. Highly recommend this place.
5	Excellent food and even better service. The squash lasagna with shrimp was amazing as was the margarita pizza. The atmosphere was to die for as well.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Moving from San Francisco- I feel I'm back home! Food is delicious, love the ambiance and it just feels so organic!! I'll be back many many times!
4	Just had their Chicken Sausage Pizza for dinner!  It was excellent, the chicken sausage had a fantastic flavor.  The hostess staff wasn't very friendly tonight, but they were pretty slammed, so I just skipped waiting and went to the bar.  Tried the ginger agave drink and didn't care for it much, but loved the chocolate cake with ice cream.  I could eat that every night!
5	Amazing service and food.  Love the entrance with fresh herbs growing and open air kitchen with vibrant colors.  Servers are friendly and patio space is amazing.  Love the seasonal menu with healthy foods.  Lots of gluten free, dairy free options.  Did I mention the attention to seasonal cooking is amazing.  Love Love Love!!!!
4	True Food is one of my favorite restaurants when I am visiting Scottsdale.The food is Great and they have an extensive organic wine selection.
3	This place is a hit or miss for me. The pros: great atmosphere, high quality organic, sustainable, etc. like whole foods, healthy.The cons: pricey for the amount of food you get, sometime dishes are bland, non-alcoholic beverages are way way overpriced.    I had the turkey lasagna and it was absolutely delicious. But it's kind of weird to serve it a la carte. I had a tuna steak slider dish and the flavors were bland and just not working well together. This place is definitely trendy and the food seems to be good quality. What gets me is how much they charge for food and how mediocre-sized the portions are for many dishes. I would probably go more often if food was a little cheaper
5	Always great food and service, and you everything is always fresh and healthy. There specialty drinks are always fun and their miso soup is killer
4	This place has a great atmosphere and patio area. Its a great place to go to lunch with the girlfriends. I like the whole concept of healthy organic foods. I wish more restaurants would incorporate this into their menu. They have some really good juices and drinks. I feel like some of the items are a bit pricey.The salads are super fresh.The hummus was just okay...Would recommend as it is a great healthy concept.
4	This place is amazing for simply being so accommodating to my picky eating. Having been in Phoenix for the good part of a week, I was definitely feeling the grease from all the pizza, pasta, and heavy foods that this area offers. I happened upon True Food Kitchen because I wanted to visit a lululemon which was right next door, and the sales staff recommended this spot.This is a casual but trendy eatery located in the even trendier Scottsdale Quarter shopping plaza. Amidst the plenty of high end stores, you will find a delicious and very reasonably priced eatery that serves mostly healthy and organic foods. There are lots of gluten free options to choose from as well as vegetarian. You can't really go wrong. I actually asked them to give me a market scramble to go in a tortilla wrap (a.k.a. burrito) ... which clearly isn't on the menu. But the to-go staffer was super nice and definitely made it happen.I thought their sweet potato hash was just ok ... maybe it's because I got it go to, but the wrap was WAY. AWESOME. I'd come back just for that! Definitely recommended in Phoenix.
5	Definitely coming back.  Bison burger was lip smacking good, as well as the edamame dumplings.  Deeeeeelishhhhh
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The food is seriously amazing! The beef tacos are my favorite. Great atmosphere and great service. If it's cool enough it's great to eat outside. It defiantly lives up to all the hype.
5	I absolutely LOVE being able to go to a restaurant with my family and not have to worry about anything they order being bad for them.  Even my toddler loves it.  Clean, fresh, and pure food...the kind our bodies were designed to eat.
4	Moved to Scottsdale recently and am here for dinner at least 2 times a week.The Steelhead Salmon Dish is the best!
3	Got here on a Sunday morning right when they opened.  PACKED.  Luckily, we were meeting a friend here and he had saved us a place so we sat right down.  Service was pleasant but SLOW!!!  They did have quite a few customers, but still . . . should have planned for this in advance.  Hummus plate was OK - but I did feel a bit sick about 3 hours later.  Quinoa Johnny Cakes were OK - nothing to write home about.  Lots of fresh fruit and vegetables.  They are very health-minded and did cater to my food allergies.  Ambiance was OK.  I can't say anything bad about either the location or the taste.  Just was not really what I was expecting based on other reviews and friends' opinions.  Solid 3 stars.  I don't really feel the need to return any time soon.  Final price was around $60 for 3 people for Brunch.  Not bad . . . but not the "top of the pops" either.
5	Great service and food! The teriyaki bowl (with chicken) is outstanding As well as the chicken fennel pizza.Our waitress, Allison, was awesome and knew all about the menu. Its refreshing to have someone take that extra step!
5	I will update this review to 4.5 - 5 stars.  Convinced by some friends to go back.  Service was QUICK and pleasant!  They bent over backwards to cater to my food allergies.  What a great experience!  DEFINITELY worth it!
4	Both times I ordered the yellow curry chicken. Both times it was great! It is a bit soupy, so I ask for extra brown rice to mix in. I have not ordered the specialty drinks yet, but likely will try one out since they look very refreshing and healthy.
5	I love True Food every time I visit.  The food is simple and covers the full range for all types of diets.  Every time I visit Scottsdale I make sure to eat here.
5	My favorite go-to restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter area. Great options and atmosphere. The Natural drink (citrus, agave, ginger tea) is bomb
5	We have visited this place three times this month. Typically we like the people or the food, but here we have really been enjoying both. We drive 90 minutes each way. :)We came by around thanksgiving for the first time with a party of six including a pair of six year olds. The service was top notch. The waitress was SUPER nice to our kids and Sam the manager was warm, personable and engaging while he helped us navigate the menu. Since then we have been hooked. Everything is locally and sustainably sourced but the prices are still very reasonable. The kale salad is our favorite appetizer. It's somewhat akin to guacamole dip but has an interesting and unique flavor. The bison burger is probably my favorite thing on the menu. It's easy to over-cook bison but his was excellent (I ordered it medium-rare). Sea bass tacos were good too. We split the entree and ordered four - two each. The bass was perfectly cooked, but I was surprised by how good the beans that came with the tacos were. For drinks my favorite is the ginger drink that I think was called "the natural". I prefer it warm. Dessert is definitively the highlight though. My wife likes the chia seed pudding and I LOVE the squash pie. It's like a pumpkin pie but more flavorful and the crust is sweet without being overwhelming. Thanks to Sam and the team for a great experience. We will be back soon. :)
5	We went with our boys and another family, and the dinner was delightful. After a 30 minute wait, we were seated and got friendly and attentive service for the entire meal. We ordered the panong coconut curry with shrimp, brown rice bowls (one chicken and one beef), and the kids pizza. The bowls were delicious - wonderfully flavorful and fresh veggies, tender steak and chicken, brown rice cooked to perfection, curry that had a perfectly mild punch. For dessert we had the squash pie and flourless chocolate cake. The pie came with coconut whipped cream and we added a scoop of vanilla ice cream. My husband loved it. The chocolate cake was fantastic, with little chocolate shavings and a touch of caramel. We will definitely go back when we are here again.
5	Tru Food has yet to disappoint. I frequent this establishment as a place to get good food that leans on the healthy side.Whenever I visit I have to get the salmon with quinoa and an arugula salad - the quinoa is perhaps the best I have ever had and I always crave it. The salmon is cooked a perfect medium rare and the arugula and beet side dish is a nice light side.My most recent experience was a date for the wife and I. We got the lettuce wraps, the Asian salad, the chicken tandoori and the salmon. The lettuce wraps and salad were fantastic and I highly recommend both for a light start to a meal. The salmon was superb as usual, and the chicken was a generous portion with good flavor.As usual, the staff was attentive, respectful and helpful - adding to the dining experience and not taking away from it. The only downside was the dessert (the chocolate cake) - it was the first time I tried it and may be the last but it was a special treat for the evening.Thanks Tru Food for another fantastic experience!
5	Big fan of this place, food is healthy and atmosphere is great. Price is a little high but it's a Fox Restaurant in Scottsdale Quarter so it's to be expected. If you're looking for something filling go with the Bison Burger.
4	A new fig appetizer, sea bass and stake tacos.... "Peace maker"alcohol drink with bourbon the best!
4	We love True Food Kitchen! We had two errors on our order today and our server did not return to the table for at least 15 min after we received the food. That was a bummer, but good still.You will fall in love.
5	I was in Scottsdale for work, and stopped here for dinner on the recommendation of a coworker.  A great recommendation it was!  I sat at the bar, and had excellent , fast, and friendly service.  I had the sea bass, and the honey lemonade, The sea bass fell apart in my mouth, it was flaky and the vegetables were perfect in flavoring and cooking consistency.  I savored every bite, and wished for a bigger glass of the lemonade.  The environment was cozy and clean and fresh.  I ate  my food as I just finished a hike, and was hungry.  I wanted more, but it was perfect, and I didn't really need more.  I think I'm going here every time I'm in Scottsdale now.
4	Ok, Sam Fox, you've hit another nail on the "head".  True Food is true and delicious and the service is spot on.  Music is crisp and appropriate for hipsterville but our average ticket was $20 less than at your other eateries.  Perhaps the healthful ambiance permitted a more conservative approach to our imbibing.  Looking for a good cocktail but everyone seemed so chipper and sober.  Thai curry delicious and the quinoa burger yummy.  Good lunch spot for a date at the Biltmore Plaza.
