4	I had the three color curry and my friends had the pad thai, chicken satay and fried rice. Everything tasted, looked and smelled fantastic! The staff is very polite, they're still learning as it is the soft open but they've been accommodating and kept a clean dining area. Overall it's a nice quiet spot to grab a bite downtown and it's great if you have vegetarian friends that don't feel like hitting one of the 80 steakhouses featured downtown.Really love that curry!
4	Le Thai is just opening up.I went in for the spicy Thai soup on Sunday and it was a warm and welcomed treat on a cold Las Vegas day. The staff were inviting, and my beer cup never got empty.I am by no means a Thai afficionado, but this food was yummy.I welcome this spot in a sea of overly fancy Las Vegas "Top Chef" restaurants.Sometimes, quality and positivity go a lot further than a "rating" that was given by someone I have never even met.I encourage you to make up your own mind and quit using yelp as a crutch.Cheers.
4	Very good food.  Waiter was on his smart phone.  Room small.  A bit loud.  Highly recommended for take out.
5	I have been waiting for Le Thai to open after Daniel announced he was coming Downtown. Just had a chance to go the other night and it was amazing!!! So happy to see the 3color curry, and the Pad See Ew. The place is so cozy and the patio is perfect. The limited menu I think is a great idea. Looking forward to his Larb Salad which in my opinion is the best in town. This is a great ad for Downtown and especially our late night cravings after too many cocktails on Fremont.
5	Went there during lunch.   Had the crispy pork jerky and sticky rice.   Was delicous but would like to experience more dishes when they expand their menu.
4	I went to Le Thai at the recommendation of friends and was really glad I did.The staff was great, very attentive, refilling my water, and asking me if I wanted more hot water for my tea. They were also very accurate on the heat of the curries (#s 0-5) and describing the specials.   I had the Tom Ga soup which I would put on the same tasty level as Lotus of Siam's Tom Kah Kai. I also ordered the pork fried rice, it had a nice smokiness to it, so many places create such a bland or oily fried rice, this is one of my benchmark dishes. Next on my list to try is the 3 color curry bowl which I hear is excellent.  The smallish menu is nice, not so many overwhelming choices. And with the specials changing regularly, I will still have many options to taste over time.  The indoor space is nice, intimate, and clean. There is a large window into the kitchen so you can see the flurry of cooking activity. It was fun speaking with the others diners at their tables, we were sharing opinions on our dishes. I heard nothing but compliments from the other diners.  I live in the area so I look forward to more dining opportunities.  Thank you and welcome to the neighborhood!
4	YAY! Downtown has another thing to love. Great thai food next to Don't tell Mama.  Cute design, and wait for it.....outdoor dining in Las VEGAS!! It's about time we got some outdoor eating.  The Panang was great, PAd Thai was awesome. Great space. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Viva Downtown!
5	Great restaurant tucked into the middle of east Fremont.  The menu is small, which means each dish is guaranteed fresh and delicious.  The indoor is very inviting, and the covered courtyard in the back is a wonderful place for a date night.  Highly recommended.  Also, as a side note, many in their reviews have noted that servers were on their smart phones.  However, the servers were using them to take orders, just as iPads and other devices are being used as such these days.  Don't worry, the service was friendly and efficient.
5	Although I don't eat Thai that often I do enjoy the food. I love the flavor and spice. The staff here were really friendly and accommodating. Although this place is really small and you can practically be apart of the conversation of the people at the table next you I still did enjoy my meal. I ordered a Thai Ice Tea which I didn't see on the menu but was happy that they had it. It was good but not great. Could have been a little sweeter. As for the food we ordered the pork jerky whit sticky rice. The sauce this dish came with was incredibly delicious. Tangy, Spicy, and lots of cilantro. We also order the garlic beef fried rice which was also delicious and full of flavor. Everything on the table was level 3 from 0-5 on their spice meter and in my opinion was just the perfect amount to make me have to take a few sips of water and want to come back for more until it was all done. Next time I'm on this side of town I will definitely be coming back here.
5	I had a great dinner yesterday. The pork jerky is the best. vcl
4	Wow.  This place is good.Really good, in fact.  There's a lot to like about this place.  It's in my beloved downtown area, for one.  The food is great, the food is affordable, and did I mention the food is great?They don't so much have anything in the way of a sign (but they're right across the street from Vanguard/Insert Coins), but once inside, it's a small, cozy little environment full of nice people and excellent food.  The venue felt very intimate, and wasn't so loud that you couldn't hold a nice conversation.  Service was just super nice, even with the large party that we had.I tried the "Awesome Noodles" with chicken, and to their credit, they were indeed awesome. No false advertising here!  Admittedly, my stomach can kind of get a little wonky with spicy foods (which I love regardless), or sauces that are far too rich for their own good (another personal weakness), but this meal worked perfectly.  It was flavorful, filling, and to be honest, I could have gone for a "Round 2".  I staggered out with a severely happy stomach.Again, this is why I love the Fremont area.  You can just randomly stumble into little places like this.  And I will stumble my way back, as I found the overall experience to be quality, fun, and just really tasty.I want to try it again to see what else is there.  I didn't want to gush too endlessly about just one meal, but they needn't worry: I'll be coming back for another visit.  And soon. Another winning addition to the area.
3	We hopped over to Le Thai after the Holiday Bazaar event and the bf ordered the thai pork jerky with sticky rice and special sauce, and the chicken ga pow with a fried egg on top.  The pork jerky with sticky sauce is alright, nothing special.  I can totally make that dish.  I honestly thought it will be pork jerky.  Disappointed.The chicken ga pow was good.  We ordered the #3 spicy (scale of 1-5).  The restaurant is pretty tiny with a bar.  Wherever you are in the dining area, you can see the kitchen since the only thing that separates you from the kitchen is a glass window.I would definitely come back to try other dishes.  Until then, it is A-ok to me.
3	Very cool little space in Hipsterville, Las Vegas.  You know- that one block or so on Freemont just east of the over-run Disney-fied downtown Freemont Experience section.I thought the lunch specials were decent, though maybe a bit pricey considering the portions (which weren't skimpy, but not quite large enough for the price paid).Unlike many Thai joints, this menu isn't extensive.  That's actually fine, as long as the food comes with tremendous value and is done perfectly.I liked what we ordered, and the balance between spice and flavors were good, but still feeling like what I ate could have come with a bit more to it, or at a lower price.Extra credit given for the late night hours.
3	Le Thai: quick, easy, simple (a dozen of dishes at most on the menu) and nothing much to write about.Lunch specials are decent, and they stay open late.For the rest - go and find out yourself!
4	Finally a quality, walkable Thai place for the Downtown working class during weekday lunches.  And a good place to start long, debauchery-filled nights on Fremont.I've been through probably half the menu thus far, and I have yet to try anything that didn't satisfy my palate.  The pad thai is unlike any other pad thai in town, but the flavors are insanely well-balanced and it is delicious in its own right.  If I'm ordering off of the lunch menu (which needs to happen more frequently given my expanding waistline) I am a big fan of the Spicy Eggplant.  Pad See Ew is solid and comforting as ever for those cold winter days.  Pork Jerky with Waterfall Sauce is heavenly.  Larb is quite good.  Curries, as expected for those that used to frequent Mix Zone, are among the best in town. They were even nice enough to make me some Spicy Basil Fried Rice on a recent visit although it's not on the menu.The restaurant space is quaint and warm, and I can see myself consuming many a spring and fall meal in their outdoor seating area.  The number of patrons seems to be growing with every meal I eat there, and you should probably expect a wait if you show up in the middle of the lunch rush or on weekend nights.The only complaint that I have is that the Thai Iced Tea is not exactly...well...my cup of tea.  Pretty sure they brew the tea on site instead of using the typical drink mixes, but it's just not strong enough or sweet enough to really get my engine revving.  This would be more than offset by the nice selection of adult beverages if I didn't do most of my dining here during lunch.
5	Excuse me, can I have a Kleenex, cuz this Thai food is so amazing it's making my nose run.That's how I love my Thai food. SPI-saaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!I have heard the rumblings of Le Thai and I just had to check it out tonight. I am writing this after eating the food (at home because you can get it to-go) AND having a lovely cocktail at their bar.First off, I had the "Lady Boy Cocktail" concocted with what I have now discovered is a mehkong whiskey from Thailand. Um, why haven't I heard of this before? As a lover of whiskey this drink lifted me off my seatt and floated me into whiskey la-la land. It was sweet. But not too sweet. Yet, it gave me that delicious feeling only whiskey can provide.Second - food! I ordered the Curry with beef at a heat level of three. I always like to "test the waters" at new Thai places. Which means I go for the middle of the heat level. This level, for me, was ALMOST perfect. Next time I'll probably go for a 4. But that's just me.Oh and by the way I got the chicken wings too. OH MAH GOD. How good were they? Not greasy. Perfectly cooked. Not too small, not too big. Oh and the sauce? PERFECT!Get your butt to Le Thai pronto.
3	I want to like this restaurant so much, so badly because the space is so cool and they're new and in a great area downtown, but their food is just so... blah.I understand that traditional Thai cooking is a bit on the drier side, but their meats are just too dry for me.I have gone to Le Thai twice. Once was when they first opened. I had their Flat Noodle Salad and their Drunken Noodles.Flat Noodle Salad: Very delicious, flavorful, salad was dressed well and meat was okayDrunken Noodles: Overdone noodles with an on-the-blander side sauceThe next time, I went in for their lunch special. Their lunch special was okay. It includes a soda or tea. We chose the Three-Color Curry: all the curries were mixed together, so it was really only one curry color, yellow or light orange. The chicken was really dry, but it's because they don't really do anything to the meat. Perhaps it would be helpful to marinate the meat in prep, so that there would be flavor infused into the meat. Spicy Eggplant: The pieces of eggplant were cut into big chunks, and as such, were not able to absorb the flavorful sauce that they came with. The sauce was really delicious and went very well with the rice. I chose beef for this dish. The beef was better than the chicken in terms of moisture. Service is okay. Ambience is great. Music is awesome. Outdoor patio area is a plus. I just wish that the food was a bit better. I will be back to try their toms one more time. Until then, Le Thai is... Le Sigh...
4	Walking down the street with my phone, I was trying to locate where it was. I had the address, but we just couldn't find it. Then my friend pointed, and said, "There!" I don't know if it was because of the night, but we couldn't see a clear sign for Le Thai. I actually expected lighted sign or something. Luckily, they closed late, because we were heading there near midnight.Tom Kah (Coconut Soup)- 3 1/2-stars- I got the chicken and asked for spicy level-4. You won't taste how hot it is, probably because of the soup, but you'll feel it the next day--if you get my drift. The flavor is citrus, sweet, light, and tart. It's covered with fresh mushrooms--I found the chicken on the bottom with all the hot spices. The dish includes green onion, ginger, and lime leaf (Kaffir?). For the price, the dish is a little light. Thankfully, I had been eating all day--literally, so I didn't need to be stuffed once again. As a note, my friend got the fried rice, which was exploding with flavor, and the rice definitely gives more body. This dish may need some extra heft to average itself out.Chang Beer- 4-stars- As their main beer of choice, I think, it is actually really good. The beer of Thailand, is a light gold beer, lightly flavored and smooth to drink.Ambiance- The location is trendy with the hard to see sign. Wood planks line the interior and exterior. You can see interesting businesses outside, as this area seems to be a place for cool, artsy people end up. It has a very open, natural feel to it. In the back is an open-air patio, and with the extremes in temperature, I can imagine it gets random use. The music is very hip, mostly remixes with an indie feel to it. We were both surprised they were playing certain songs in a Thai restaurant. They also used iPhones and iPads for orders, which for me, being from Hawaii was an interesting upgrade. Service- I was surprised there was no Thai person to be seen anywhere. I kind of need that oomph to get me excited. The service was friendly and helpful. The kitchen is open, so you can also see them preparing your meals.Conclusion- The location being Downtown has a more laid-back clientele which may not totally appreciate this restaurant. Yet, I've also seen younger people, looking for the deals, and they would definitely enjoy this place. It's a little something to search for, but rather worth it when you find it.
3	Delicious Pad Thai -- couldn't get enough of it! However, the service was less than helpful. After being brought our drinks, the waitress never returned for our order. We ended up flagging down a different waitress and ordering our food to-go.
5	Best Pad Thai I've ever had - and unlike any other version you're used to. No wonder Keri Simon made the chef make it in front of him. Larb salad was also great, but should come with a disclaimer. After a few bites, its like napalm for your tastebuds and you won't be tasting anything else for the next three hours. So, do not get it along with another entree - you won't be able to tell the two apart. Bottom line: Larb is an either or situation.The food is outstanding. For this, you will have to put up with sparse, metered parking, very slow service, spotty guest wi-fi that kicks you off every 30 seconds (in case you care about connectivity at this point). One little oddity is that when you walk in, you're immediately surrounded by tables and other dining customers. Close quarters. There is no hostess welcome/wait area. And when you arrive, no one pays you the attention to either seat you or tell you what's up - like where to wait or how long of a wait it will be. You walk in and hope you get a server's attention who may or may not seat you in the next 5-10 minutes. Do go on a nice sunny day - they have a beautiful, relaxing back patio area where you can enjoy a great meal in a nice, open environment. Inside is a bit cramped... but did I mention that they serve THE BEST PAD THAI EVER!!? ;) *2-star = freaking SPICY!! Next time... no star, so I can taste more of their amazingness and not be sniffling through my entire meal.
3	Its a good place to hang out with friends late night. It's a small trendy restaurant with full bar. There are not many items on their menu. I ordered beef and meat ball noodle soup for my fiance and Thai style garlic fried rice for myself with spicy level 5. Food was average but really spicy. I didn't expect such heat from American Thai restaurant. To me, this place is more like a bar restaurant. It's nothing to compare with Lotus of Siam.
5	I like this place because it reminds me like I'm in a restaurant in LA, it's an out of Vegas experience. Positives, if you like spicy food, this place can make your food VERY spicy.  It's a cool atmosphere, but that's the main reason I would come here.  I liked the pad se ewe though.  It was good.
4	A great addition to downtown and late night munchies. . I am not able to eat meat currently and they were able to accommodate that. I ended up with the awesome noodles with tofu and no fish sauce. It was sweet, garlicky and spicy. I think it probably is better with the fish sauce in it to give it more balance to the sweet. Definitely a fan of the noodles as it was a hybrid of flavors I like in other noodle dishes. I came with a group of Yelper girls and everything we ordered looked and smelled great. I have had the three color curry in the Dans previous restaurant and it's probably just as great here. The place is small, but there is also a back patio (with heat lamps). It was a perfect night so we sat out there comfortably.If you're in the Fremont area and need a bite to eat to sop up the drinks, this is pretty good. I'm going to come back to sample more after bar hopping.
4	I was quite impressed with Le Thai!  A few coworkers and I ate "family style" there today so we could give the place the "Thai test".  I can safely say that this place was a hit.  The atmosphere, especially outside, is really cool.  It's casual yet sheltering from down town Vegas.  There were heat lamps this afternoon since it was a little chilly which made the comfort level quite nice. To top that off, the service was excellent.  Food came right away to our table, and the waitresses made sure we were happy from start to end.First off was the Tom Kha Khi (chicken).  I ordered some lime juice on the side, as i usually do for this dish.  The soup was quite delicious, perfectly sour with my addition of lime juice.  Very nice coconut broth, lemongrass, generously sized and plentiful mushrooms, and a few chunks of chicken filled our bowls.  The mixture of herbs was masterfully prepared I thought, but there really wasn't enough chicken.Next up was the garlic fried rice with beef.  This was perfectly prepared, and again the herb flavors where just amazing.  The beef was flavorful and not at all chewy.  There wasn't too much grease, but there was tons of flavor!  Just how I like my fried rice.We also tried the Awesome Noodles.  They are indeed awesome.  There is a similar dish served at Thai Style Noodle House, and Le Thai does a better job.  Light smokey flavors balance the lightly sweet sauce.  This dish is kind of a cross between Pad Thai and Pad See Ew.  Very nice, I would order again!Last up is the infamous Three Colored Curry.  I have to say that this was much better than the version we had at Mixed Zone.  It was light, but flavorful enough on my brown rice.  I would love to try a more "powerful" version of this curry.  For dessert, we tried the Roti with Nutella.  This was definitely the most unique version of a Roti dessert that I have had.  There was fried egg in it, along with yummy Nutella, and topped with powdered sugar.  Very rich, very different.  It reminded me of French Toast with chocolate.  I am giving Le Thai a 4.5, rounded up to a 5.  While this place doesn't trump my two or three favorite Thai restaurants in Vegas, it is definitely up there.  The food is slightly Americanized, but my only real beef is the spiciness of the food.  This is definitely American spice levels, not Thai levels.  Of course that is nothing a little chili powder can't solve.
4	LOCATION: I've walked past Le Thai so many times without ever realizing it. They don't have a sign! I went there specifically looking for it and nearly walked past it.  I frequent Vanguard and its literally directly across the street.AMBIANCE: Walking in, I immediately noticed the small space has such a pleasant decor that feels very home-y and welcoming. Lots of wood, wicker chairs, and an exposed brick wall--almost like a hipster apartment. I chose to sit at a table but you can opt to sit at the bar as well. FOOD: The whole food menu fits on the back of the beverage selection menu. Makes sense, small restaurant small menu? But it won't disappoint. The menu is small but mighty. There's a selection of appetizers, soups, stir-frys, & curry. I was dining solo so I didn't get to sample much: Thai Chicken Wings & Chicken Ga Pow (Basil Stir-Fry). Chicken Wings were perfectly fried and quite spicy (in a good way) and the sriracha ranch it was served with was addicting! The Ga Pow had a kick. Wish it had a little more fish sauce but it was definitely some of the best stir-fry I'd ordered at a thai restaurant! Next time, I'm taking on the curry!!! I've heard only good things about it.DRINKS: Decent size beer & sake selection. I was sick so I went for the House Green Tea. SERVICE: When I first arrived, I felt like they were too busy to pay attention to me. They were taking a bit too long to take my order and they didn't come around enough to check on me or to refill my water. But as it got a little later and the place started filling up, I felt the servers became more attentive and the service got better. One thing, why you so stingy on napkins? Thai food means runny noses! I need more than one napkin at a time. I'll be back!!
5	Again, Le Thai did not disappoint me. This will be my second 5 Star review of this establishment which has now become a favorite of mine in the Downtown area and I adore downtown. I love the atmosphere here and I certainly enjoy sitting at the bar to drink and dine. I ended up here with a friend after happy hour at Vanguard. I told her about the wonderful Lady Boy cocktail and that she had to try it. We ended up both having two while we dined! It is just an amazingly good drink.This go round I had the Pad Thai at a spicy level of 3. It was a generous portion served in a lovely clean, white bowl. Of course, I gobbled it down quickly, although slowing towards the end because my mouth was afire! But seriously, it was good pad thai. I have come to a conclusion that they do not snub spiciness here. If you are a spicy fan than you gotta eat here.
5	This lil' dinky joint got some urban class sucker-punch funk!  Le Thai definitely knows how to make a good first impression.  The owner is approachable, the wait staff is informative and the Thai food.. "Snot-Worthy"!  We've had numerous dishes, but my faves are Tom-Ka, The Jerky and this crazy, bangin', flavorful, aromatic soup... I think its called the Meatball Noodle Soup or sumthn'.. best I've ever had!  What gets my five stars is the location and the vibe of Le Thai.  It's dead center of the Fremont St. BarHop Experience, I like the outdoor seating w DJ at your service and its just chill..  Always order a side of waterfall sauce.. although make sure you packed a lifevest, the waterfall is gon' come rushing down your nose!
5	My new favorite stop for Thai food!
4	I got my chance to try Le Thai when I was downtown last night.  I had read the Yelp reviews that gave this place a great rating, and I had to give it a go.I got the Tom Kha soup with chicken - spicy level 3.  The soup was fantastic.  The 3 was the correct spiciness.  I could have gone with 4 as it turned out, but it might have been to overwhelming.  The stock was wonderful.  The seasonings were right on, and the top had a good number of mushrooms slices floating on it.  I think it needed some more chicken, but for the price, it was quite good the way it was.As others have noted, this is a very small place. About ten tables in a small area with two side seating bars each holding 5 people.  It's a pleasant space with nice wicker chairs.Service was quick and pleasant.  This is certainly worth a re-visit to try one of the noodle dishes.
4	I'm bumping up to 4.5 stars for the availability of ground ghost chilis...my mouth is watering as I type this. Nom!
4	What do you get when you combine 7 Yelp Gals, a drink called a lady boy, and spicy Thai food? A FUN ASS NIGHT THAT'S WHAT. I went to Le Thai with 6 other ladies after having a few drinks around the corner at DCR. Le Thai is le tiny. If you have a group, do what we did and make a reservation. We were seated outside, which is a lovely area complete with heaters for those cool Vegas nights. And the music was fantastic! The menu at Le Thai is small. You know those little cards some eateries put on tables to list their wines? That's the menu at Le Thai. Despite the small menu size there is still a nice variety of options to try. I don't recall what I ordered. I do recall that it was damn tasty. Unlike some of my fabulous friends, I am a big baby when it comes to spiciness... and I have had issues at other places around town making my food too spicy. This was not an issue at Le Thai at all, and from what I heard around the table, the ladies that do like it hot were pleased with the level of spice in their dishes. The Lady Boy drink was fantastic, I would have had 2 but we had another bar to hit. It's downtown, duh.If you need an inexpensive and tasty meal while you are downtown, Le Thai is worth a try. I heard they have an actual sign now too, so it's easier to find!
4	There's some big charm inside the tiny walls of Le Thai. Maybe it's the unassuming red barn-like facade (that finally has a sign!). Or the housewarming like setting. Or the open air patio that is romantically lit with hanging lights. Just as much thought and love was put into the decor of Le Thai as was the food and on Fremont East, this makes all the difference.Le Thai is indeed tiny and can be hard to maneuver when packed, but when the weather's nice, don't wait for a table inside-opt for the patio. The patio has plentiful seating and has a really nice ambience thanks to the hanging lights and open roof. On chilly nights there are heat lamps, if you're ok sitting next to those.Setting aside, the food could carry the place by itself. The Thai chicken wings are in my top 5 (watch out Wingstop) and that sriracha ranch-sweet baby Jesus is that stuff addictive. I would drink it if it wasn't looked down upon. The pork jerky comes with this addictive waterfall sauce that is a mix of cilantro, thai chiles, possibly soy sauce, rice vinegar-not really sure. But it's just as addictive as the sriracha ranch and at the risk of not wasting any, I pour whatever sauce is left after I've eaten all of the pork onto my rice. Pad see ew is always my go to and Le Thai does not disappoint!Cocktail-wise I am a huge fan of the Lady Boy-silly name, serious drink. It's made with Thai Whiskey and what I believe is REAL ginger ale (possibly ginger beer?), so it's kind of a sassy twist on a jack and ginger. My only dings are for the awkward crampedness when it's busy and the tom kha gai soup which, while the broth was tasty, had an overly abundant amount of sliced mushrooms. Like the packaged kind you get in the store. I've always had it with the little enoki or shiitake mushrooms which both have great texture and better flavor. It's possible I got the other sliced mushrooms since I ordered the vegetarian tom kha gai (with tofu)-maybe they have the more traditional mushrooms with the meat versions. I guess I'll find out next time I go!Le Thai is a great place to gear up before a long night out on Fremont, a cute place for a date or a final stop for some quality food to soak up the beverages of Fremont.
1	Im a Vegas local and visited Le Thai with my co-workers. I work at downtown area. Slow service and average food. Waiters are running all over the place but few things get done. We spent 40 min waiting for our food. The patio was cold, requested for the heater...got ignored....The waiter came with his flaming Ipod to take the order, but no menus were offered....Got my beverage and no freaking straw was given. Tried to call the attention of the waitress but they kept running like idiots.Food finally arrived. Oh, wait no silver nor napkins were given to us....Ordered a Tom Kha not the whole menu. What took sooo long?? Whats the point of having an ipod??? Tom Kha was actually very decent. Nothing mindblowing. There are SO MANY good thai restaurants in Vegas.... Time to pay. We got informed that no debit/credit card payment was available due to problems in the station. WTF?? Thank you for letting us know at the last moment.... We requested to speak to the manager, she basically gave us the middle finger and told us to go to the ATM at El Cortez. Sure. Got charged $3 for withdrawal.... Second time here. First time was disappointing. Now was ridiculous.Hip-wannabe place with one of the WORST services ever received in a Vegas restaurant. Screw Le Thai.
4	Best restaurant in downtown Las Vegas!! The chicken wings are a must...as are anything with Dan's waterfall sauce. The three color curry...amazing! The garlic friend rice...insane! And to top it all off, you must have a Lady Boy at the bar!
1	Horrible Horrible service. Ordered chicken wings as appetizer and it came after entrees. Server didn't care. Also had to go get our own silverware and plates. We were never asked how the food was, my son was never asked if he wanted a refill. On top of that terrible service, they tried to add 18% on our bill on a table of 3. They really need to train the servers better. I traveled all over the world and I think this is the worst service I ever had. Food was great but can't recommend that place because of staff.
4	Lotus of Siam gets a lot of attention for being rated the #1 Thai restaurant in the U.S. But every time I try to go there, there's either a line out the door, or it's closed -- as happened yesterday. I remembered hearing about Le Thai, so I went there as a Plan B. Now, it's my new Plan A!I'm not really a Thai food snob (I usually just order pad Thai)...and as anyone who's read my other reviews knows, I rate restaurants more based on their atmo than the food quality, anyway. You can get good food at the f*cking grocery store! If you're PAYING to eat out, you want a cool atmo, to make it worth your while. RIGHT?!Le Thai has a very cool atmo. It's cute and teeny-tiny -- so cute and teeny-tiny you almost expect it to start shooting ping pong balls out its....well, you know! About 1/2 is in the front room, and the other 2/3 is in this really cool sort of beer-garden-ish courtyard-type room. VERY cool!The windows in the front room look out onto Fremont St. East, so depending on the time of day you can either watch winos and crackheads shuffling down the sidewalk, or drunk-ass college girls stumbling out of Insert Coins across the street. (I recommend the early show... the late show is old news. Although one of my fave things about this joint is that it's open til LATE -- midnight during the week, and 2am on weekends.)I went here for lunch, and had a bowl of tofu pad thai, a 4 on the spiciness scale of 1-5. It was GREAT! Pretty spicy, but tolerable, and I think it was around $8. Good deal!I am in the process of moving downtown...so I will most definitely be comign here again!
4	Le Thai, I love you. I've had a meal in your restaurant every week since you opened and will continue to do so until I get completely burned out. Even though your pork pad prik, drunken noodles and pad thai are awesome, I feel the need to try every single dish on your menu. Today I went for the Thai style beef salad, which I very much enjoyed, especially since it is low cal and you only use oil to cook the beef (dressing primarily fish sauce I'm told). My problem is that most of your dishes are a good value, but this one was $8 and not very big. My advice to you is make it bigger or charge less. One more bit of feedback - get some real iced tea. EVERY single time I'm there, I'm either with someone who wants iced tea or I hear someone try to order iced tea. All you offer is a sugary raspberry tea, which really isn't what you want to drink when you are eating spicy food. Thanks for coming downtown. You've made lunchtime so much better.
4	For it's location on busy Freemont Street, Le Thai has that 'small-town' eatery feel. Small yet welcoming, you open the door to tables in front of you, and pleasant ambiance. The outdoor seating area in the back is cute, however, it could be more visually appealing. The 'Lady Boy' cocktail was decent, a bit light for the price, but worth trying once. The 'Pork Jerky' appetizer was yummy, and the waterfall sauce is a must try! The 'Awesome Noodles' were indeed awesome, however if you are not one for sprouts, you may want to steer clear as there were more sprouts than actual noodles. The tofu was wonderful, lightly fried and flavored appropriately. The service was moderate, and the food arrived to the table quickly. The place seemed to fill up fast, so an early dinner is best.
4	Downtown is not a burgeoning dining destination yet, but with addition of Le Thai it definitely has the potential to do so. Small and intimate, Le Thai does a lot in such a small space and it's the perfect complement for bar hopping. Spicy pad Thai, curry, and beer? OMG, yes please! The menu is limited but focused. I appreciate that; they don't try and cover a laundry list of items (which is a problem with a lot of restaurants. I.e. hamburgers at a sushi restaurant). Thankfully, there was no orange or kung pao in sight. They do offer brown rice! Which has me singin' in the rain! My pad thai was well executed. The perfectly cooked noodles with my spicy sauce and tofu was divine. However, I was disappointed with the spicy eggplant. The dish had a nice portion of veggies but was plagued with lots of oil. I ended spooning lots of the oil out of the dish. They have a decent menu of beers, whiskey, and other spirits. My friend loved his Mekhong whiskey and I enjoyed my Artois. My favorite part is the window that showcases east Fremont. I saw somebody dressed in a magenta Alien cyborg costume. That alone requires a second visit. So, come all 'ye pad thai lovers, brown rice addicts, curryholics, 'cause all is well here in Le Thai.
5	I'm so glad we're getting some urban eats in the Downtown area!  This place makes me feel like I'm in some Bladerunner-esque crowded noodle bar - but with better food.  I'm partial to the three-color curry with tofu - I don't consider myself a heat wimp, but a 1 is good enough for me.  Just a nice amount of warmth that doesn't interfere with actually tasting the food. Having a gallery across the street I always run into someone I know while eating here, so it feels like a neighborhood joint, which is something I've missed since moving to Vegas.  Love it!
5	In Vegas, it's hard to find good food that doesn't cost too much. This place was awesome!
5	I am going to straight-up admit: I've fallen in love with this place.It's true!  This is top-notch Thai food.  So much so, that I think about it often, and come up with the lamest of excuses to justify going there.  Friends and family coming into town?  Oh, you're going here.  Friends IN town?  "Say.... We haven't hung out in a while.  There's this new little Thai place that opened up downtown...."Just the other night, I hit the missus up to go.Her: "But we just went not that long ago.  Do you really want to go back now?"Me: "Yes, because, uh, my shoes are brown, and that is to say... just get in the car, woman!"(This last scene will make for a lovely depiction in a teleplay I'm working on.  Words currently fail it.)Regardless, since my initial visit, I've made it a point to sample more of their dishes, and while I am still horribly, HORRIBLY enraptured with their "Awesome Noodles", their other stuff is remarkable.  Even their specialty drinks are excellent (I've yet to try the one with the grape rum and lemonade, but that's next).  To date, nothing has dissatisfied me.  The wait time, the service, the food....  It's bad enough I'm in the area all the time.  I start getting the crazy-twitches just thinking about it.As much as I love the neighboring Kabob Korner for their mighty gyros, Le Thai is now my new favorite Thai place.  That little strip of street is becoming dangerous for me as all I want to do is eat when I pass down that area.Oh, who am I kidding?  I'll probably be back down there within a week, and Le Thai and I both know it.Until that next time....
1	Never have I had such awful service. I cannot speak to the food because we never got to try. The staff ignored us for almost an entire hour and was unapologetic when we asked for our check. The check originally came out with the food order that was never received on it. Two tables who ordered after us received food before we did. I love Thai food but would never EVER try this horrible example of customer service ever again.
3	So, sure, you can get every dish vegetarian .. with tofu.  But not every vegetarian likes tofu, and there isn't even a single app or salad for a vegetarian.  I like the place but the short menu really sucks if you don't eat meat.  I raised this concern to staff who told me I could order fried tofu as an appetizer ... and chase it down with tofu curry? no thanks.
4	Not sure when this place opened, but I don't know how I missed it!  Fellow attorney asked to meet me there for lunch because he is in love with the awesome noodles.  He admitted that they were pretty awesome.  I had the chicken pad thai.  Woo!  Way to break me in.  3 on the spicy scale of 1-5 was SPICY for this white girl.  I loved every minute of it.  We met there right at 11:30 when they opened.  By the time we left an hour later, there was not any room to sit there.  People were waiting for our table.  This is unheard of for the downtown area.  (It was kinda funny that we ran into his mom there eating with a coworker!  Apparently, he has verbalized his love of the awesome noodles to everyone.) I am interested in returning and sampling more of their menu.
3	I've got Le Thai at a 3.5 out of 5 Stars.  Pretty good with some flaws.  Le Thai is a strange one to me, I can't exactly put my finger on it, but I don't mind eating there often (mostly because I live across the street), its better than most all restaurants around it, and its a pleasant dining esperience overall - it just doesn't get me that excited.  I've been here a few times and I've had the Pad Kee Mow, the Pad Thai, and the Awesome Noodles dishes.  The meat choices are beef, pork, chicken, or tofu.  I wasn't crazy about the Awesome Noodles, a bit too bland for me.  The Pad Kee Mow might be my fav of the three, but the Pad Thai is also good.  I think the noodles are a tad over-cooked and the meat is typically a bit too dry.  Not enough to make me dislike the meal, but still noticeable detractors.  There is also a pork jerkey on a stick type appetizer that i wasn't crazy about, too fatty/rubbery for my taste.  The meal selections are tiny, which isn't the end of the world, but there could be a bit more.  They use the same noodles for each dish and although different flavors, each dish seems omewhat similar for that reason.  I like the selection of beer and saki, especially the saki.  The atmosphere is kinda cool, with trendy inside and outside seating, but the inside area is really cramped with tables squeezed next to each other.  The service I've had has been hit and miss.  At times its been very good, and other times I'be been left alone for too long without refills or check ups.  I wouldn't go as far as to say that the service is poor, they are friendly enough, it's just inconsistant.  Pricing is very reasonable.  Location is good because Fremont has really been missing decent quality restaurants  In the end i would never steer someone away from dining at Le Thai, it's just that i wouldn't rave about it either.
5	Le Thai is the best Thai food I have ever tasted. I highly recommend eating there for lunch, dinner or late night snack. Most items are less than $10 and are soooo full of flavor. The owners are awesome! I can say you won't be disappointed!
4	I always loved Mixed Zone so was excited when this spot opened walking distance from work.  The menu is much more condensed which I appreciate although for this visit I stuck with my regular Three Color Curry.  They have great lunch specials and always friendly service.  Get there early because they do get crowded!
4	Although I was initially unhappy that they took up the lunch menu early and there were no menu descriptions, I am leaving delighted! The drunken noodles were delicious, just the right spice (3), colorful veggies, and tummy Thai tea.  Also, our server was very helpful in describing each dish and making recommendations.  I'll be back for sure--a little earlier next time
1	I have read so many great reviews about this place and heard so many people praise it.  I tried it twice.  I want to start by saying that the atmosphere and location are prime.  This restaurant is in a cool area and has a good vibe.But as an objective eater I must say that Le Thai sucks.  The first time my girlfriend and I ordered take out.  I ordered the Tom Kha and my girlfriend ordered the tri-curry.  You're going to slice up crappy ass button mushrooms and put it in my soup??  Seriously?  Is there even a Thai restaurant in town that tries to pull that crap?  My soup looked like a warm bowl of milk with some sliced packaged mushrooms from Albertson's.  And then am I supposed to think that it's spicey?  I ordered a spice level of 4 out of 5.  Next time I will order a 57.  I prefer when Thai restaurants are on the spicy side.  I dont want the waiter or chef to decide what they think I can handle and then end up giving me the equivalent of Ketchup.  The tri-curry was also about as good as a can of SpaghettiOs.  Since first impressions are not always the best, we tried it again tonight and decided to dine in.  We saw the server a total of once, when he took our order.  Luckily we saw the bus boy 3 times so that he could ask us to clear the table for him, to get a box and to get us the check.  Oh, and to take my credit card.  Horrible service with no explanation or apologies.The order was wrong too, I asked for a curry with NO onion and got a bowl full of them.  Maybe that is why the server literally never came back to see how our dinner was.  I cannot fathom why anybody who lives in Las Vegas would rate this Thai restaurant even mediocre with the amount of great or even good Thai restaurants all around us.  It's cool that we got a new ethnic restaurant downtown and all but shouldn't we want them to be good too?  A crappy restaurant is bad business for redevelopment.  I hope they improve soon.---------------------------Since this review the owner contacted me directly to offer his genuine apologies and even offered to cook me a meal personally.  Although I politely declined I thought this was a very nice gesture that indicates that they are really trying to improve and make everybody happy.  You cant make everybody happy, but based on his reaction alone I would not discourage other people from giving it a try to see for themselves.
4	Hey you! If you're thinking about trying this place out DO IT. Ive eaten here a dozen times  since its opened and its become my quest to try each dish on the menu. so far everything is awesome. Plus its in the downtown! yay! I'm so happy to have a Thai restaurant on Fremont East.  Noteworthy: Beautiful atmosphere, interior decor is really nice. great colors and textures, a window view of the kitchen and a magical outdoor patio.Delicious Food, reasonably priced. Friendly staff who take your order on iPod touches. (geek alert) They have booze. $3 PBR's, Mekong whiskey, some lady mentioned a cocktail called the Lady Boy which I'll have to now try.... in fact I think I'm going to go there right now!Suggestions: I would like to see some deserts, and a more varied appetizer menu, and occasionally Ive gone and they had dance music playing weird and I didn't like it... but none of those things are going to keep me from going at least once a week.
4	Finally a decent spot to grab a bite in FE (Fremont East, act like ya know). While I argee with some of my peers that while some of the portions could be larger for some of the dishes, others are spot on. Definitely enjoy the ambiance and great for a quick, informal date or group get together. Some nights have a DJ playing usually some sexy house music and the last time I visited the DJ was accompanied by a gentleman playing the bongos, adding extra, organic touch to the music. Service can be spotty as the night progresses and tables begin to fill. My last time out I noticed a couple leaving in a bit of frustration as the were largely ignored. Overall though its 3.5 but I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt, because unless Streats is going on its sorta slim picking for us foodies in the immediate area. But in comparison to the other Thai restaurants in Vegas there certainly are better.
4	Delicious! Every dish I've tried is full of flavor and spiceee! Service is friendly, feels like a good kick it spot for any day. My favorite's are the Tom Yum soup with spicy level 3 and the Pad Thai spicy level 4. Take a group of friends, have a beer, smile and enjoy!
5	Fantastic Thai food. Went there last night with dome friends and ordered a whole bunch of food.  My favorite was the garlic fried rice with chicken.  If you go there, try the fried chicken as an appetizer.  I will definitely become a regular.
1	The food isn't bad, but my overall experience was so poor "0" would be a more appropriate rating.The servers and managers are rude, inept, slow and make what would otherwise be a decent restaurant intolerable.
5	I work in downtown and love coming here for the lunch specials. $8.50 includes drink. The panang curry and three color curry are delicious. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Added bonus they offer brown rice with no upcharge.
5	This place is vegan boozer heaven.  Le Thai has recently made most of their menu (except curries* and pad thai) vegan! And they serve beer and liquor.  And they are open late! And they have a patio!!!!!So, the Massaman curry actually is vegan, and it's delicious.  As are the Awesome Noodles, which totally live up to their name.  Just remember to ask for your dish with no fish sauce or egg.  The spring rolls were quite good as well.  Wash it all down with my favorite new drink, the Lady Boy (Thai whiskey with gingerale and lime).  They also have a rum-based drink that tastes EXACTLY like grape kool-aid.  It is very small inside, but has a good sized patio.  This will be a wonderful place to eat for the 3 weeks a year that vegas is neither too chilly or blazing hot.  Kidding! I'm a trooper, sort of.  And they have heat lamps out there now, so really just do it.  The menu is small, but everything is tasty, so who cares?  I can't wait to get back and more things. This is a really great addition to downtown, and a much needed source of vegan-friendly late night eats.
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, we stopped here for some lunch.  The outside was pretty packed so we chose to eat inside.  The music was pretty loud so it was hard to hold a conversation.The service was pretty good and the waitress was pleasant.  The prices were pretty reasonable, considering their location.  Located right on Fremont St in Downtown Las Vegas.  The table was dirty but hey, it was lunch time and they seemed pretty buisy.I ordered the yellow curry with chicken over steamed rice.  It was A-Mazing!!  I savoured each and every bite I took.  The curry managed to stain my tongue ring a strange shade of yellow and then green.  I attempted to go back here on a Sunday but unfortunately they were closed to the public.  I definitely would highly recommend this place for Thai while out in Las Vegas. Just make sure to have a spare tongue ring on stand by, just in case.
4	When you emerge from the Beat's Tuesday Trivia Night with two vegan co-players and all of you are famished, Le Thai appears amidst the quiet downtown streets like a mirage in the desert, one that will do more than quench your thirst.  Smooth-sounding name, bi-environment seating with heaters outdoors, and a refreshingly short menu with many options to each dish - this joint is quite the little gem.Almost every dish is offered to be cooked with tofu and brown rice.  Stir-fried noodles are served in bowls, a nice change to the visual palette.  Food quality is good and the amount is overflowing, with attentive service that won't hesitate to tell you when you've ordered a spice level you probably won't be able to handle.    Chicken Kra Pow is reliable but could be a bit too saucy.  Wings are yummy and definitely flavored with a signature fish-sauce taste, which adds to the addictive element.  My favorite is definitely the Awesome Noodles, like a love child between Pad See Ew and Pad Kee Mao, Awesome Noodles serves up smoky noodles stir-fried with a yummy amount of the underrated Asian vegetable-bean sprouts.  Le Thai, you're my favorite new downtown stop!
4	Ok, so I am full hooked on Le Thai. I've heard from multiple people that their service is spotty...yeah, I can see that. They aren't that special, aggressive brand of West coast friendly. I'm ok with that. Some people won't be. They do, however, warm up a little after multiple visits.Another thing: their spice levels are all over the place. I mentioned in my previous review that their level 5 was disappointing. I'll just say that I've been humbled. Because Le Thai uses fresh peppers, their potency will vary depending on the season and the batch; ask the server how potent their pepper batch is before choosing a level.
4	Finally somewhere else for employees around the downtown area to eat besides the court cafeteria!! Pretty good food, but the prices are a tad expensive ($10 for Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, or Pad-See-Ew) but I can understand because of it's location right across from Insert Coins.  However, I do like the food though; it's well made with just the right amount of spice (fyi the spice level is from 1-5 with 2 being medium). If you are going for take out this place usually takes about 20-30 min. to prepare food, but it's worth the wait in my opinion. Highly recommend shrimp Pad-See-Ew and Shrimp Drunken Noodles ($2 extra for shrimp). Great place for lunch!!
5	Insanely perfect balanced thai, best in town, and I am a thai aficianodo and this is GREAT THAI.  Cheap....bring friends, for a great night out!
5	I loved it! My fav downtown eatery. I noticed they were mentioned in the same USATODAY article as I was (hotshotvegas.com). The Awesome Noodles were Awesome! The 3 Color Curry was amazing! We had another dish but didnt know what it was called. That was the best!
3	Le Thai arrives in downtown Vegas with good thai food and a lot of spice, but they forgot to add customer service.Drop Le Thai in Las Vegas Koreatown and it would be a decent 3 star thai place.  It'd be good, but not award winning.  But in the culinary wasteland of downtown Vegas, Le Thai stands out as one of the best restaurant options.  Problem is, the customer service goes in manic waves between friendly and passive-aggressively rude.First, the food.  I've eaten most of the menu and there are some real winning dishes.  The tri-color curry is solid.  Combining red, green, and yellow curry in coconut milk is surprisingly tasty.  If curry isn't your bag, go for the "awesome noodles," which are . . . well, f**kin' awesome.  The sweet and spicy flavor is rich and blends perfectly with the noodles and the load of vegetables that come in the dish.  The cooks do a great job with cooking the meat in the dishes -- it will be tender and well-seasoned.  This place is serious about its spice, by the way.  A 3 out of 5 will have your nose running and you'll be asking for more rice to cool down your tongue.The pad thai is just decent.  I've heard some folks rave about it, but I wasn't blown away.  I'd come back and order it when I'm in the mood for pad thai and stuck downtown, but it's far from impressive.  The beef and meatball soup is similarly mediocre.  It tastes like a bland pho. As for the problem with customer service: go there during a slow period of the day/night and you'll probably have a good experience.  But when the place gets busy, the staff can't handle it.  On at least 2 occasions, I've come in when the tables are full and the staff was busy.  The first time it was this busy, one staff member told me to stand by the bar and put an order in so my meal would be ready earlier.  Another came over to the bar and rudely told us that we were in her way, could not order in advance, and that we would need to wait outside.  Another time, the staff handled a busy day by ignoring us for very long periods of time.Bottom line: some of the best food in downtown, but the staff can be downright rude [3.5 stars for the food minus 1 star for poor customer service]
1	The food is decent (even good) but the customer service is so bad that I just can't come back.I want to like this place.  I really do.  But I came for my last time in a few weeks back and the manager (?) or owner (?) went up to my friend and acted horrendously.  Some background:As a group (a month or so ago) we called ahead and asked  for a reservation since it was our friend's birthday and we wanted to do Thai for lunch.  We were told over the phone by one employee that they don't do reservations, but we could order ahead and they would make sure a table was held open for us (not sure why that isn't a "reservation").  When we arrived at the restaurant, we walked in and the place was full except for one table with a "reserved" sign sitting on it.  We assumed it was ours.  But when we tried to claim it, we were told we couldn't sit there and they didn't have a table saved for us.  The woman we spoke with was abrupt and rude.  When we explained that we called ahead and were told that a table would be waiting for us, she sharply told us that no one would have said that because they don't take reservations.Fast forward to a few weeks ago.I went in with my friend for dinner.  Just after we sat down, I left to use the restroom and when I came back, I found we'd been asked to leave.  Apparently a woman working there (the manager? or owner?) came over to my friend and asked if she was the same person who had problems during the birthday lunch.  My friend said that she was one of the people that was there for the birthday lunch (expecting an apology).  The female employee showed my friend a receipt for the food we didn't eat and explained how much money the store had lost because of her.  My friend asked if the woman wanted us to pay for the meal we didn't eat and the woman replied that she just wanted my friend to know what she had cost the restaurant.Wow.  This person runs a restaurant and thinks this is acceptable.  I mean, I'd love to come back for the Awesome Noodles, but I can't support someone who is so passive-aggressive and thinks its okay to treat a customer like that.
4	The restaurant is in a great location and is easily accessible by the foot traffic that downtown Las Vegas sees around Fremont street..We went there around 9 pm on a Tuesday evening.. The restaurant was quite packed.. We decided to sit in the patio. They had the heaters going which was nice..We ordered the following vegan dishes. The lady who was waiting us was very forthcoming and told us exactly which items were vegan and the new that were not..1. Drunken noodles - we ordered spicy 4 out of 5 and it was a really tasty and flavorful.2. Masamam curry - we ordered spicy 4 out of 5.. They had a lot of curry sauce and vegetables in the dish.. It was really flavorful and tasty as well,, They served us  brown rice on request. All in all a great experience! Will definitely go back to Le Thai restaurant again. Ps: right around 10 pm the neighborhood bar starts playing loud music. If you are out in the patio, you will not to be able to hear anything else but the loud music.  Be prepared with ear plugs.. Alternatively, walk inside to the inside room if the music bothers you..
3	Le Thai had come highly recommended by a friend.  The restaurant is located on Fremont Street, in an very accessible area.  Parking was not a problem even on a Saturday night.  We had dinner reservations and didn't really wait at all to get seated.  We went with whole family eight of us total.  We sampled a good variety of their fare. We began the evening with appetizers a variety of chicken wings, the Thai ones were best.  The spring rolls were also very tasty, then chicken skewers with a delicious peanut dipping sauce and slaw.  My very favorite appetizer was the fried pork pieces with sticky rice, and a spicy light Thai sauce for dipping on the side.  It was absolutely delicious. Which I would have made that dish my dinner.Unfortunately, was really not as thrilled with the dinner entrees.  My opinion seemed to be echoed by our entire table.  We all were very thrilled with our appetizer dinner was just so- so to us.  We sampled all typed of Pad Thais with a variety of different meats and condiments, yet most seemed unimpressive.  I personally had as my choice a beef stir-fry with vegetables and brown rice.  Just didn't seem to pack the same flavor on the entrees as my old time favorite Restaurant  Ping Kao on Rainbow and Lake Mead.  With eight of us there ordering a huge variety felt i was able to sample enough to gather an opinion.  Would I go back? Heck yes, the location is great, atmosphere super trendy,  and the service was o.k.  I would just stick to drinks and the appetizers more so.  Also if you don't like very loud music playing, you may want to pass.  I enjoy music but was so loud, hard to talk with our dinner party at times.  Marisol Juracka, Lv, Nv
5	Fabulous Food!!!!!  Great Location!!!  Fabulous customer service!!!!  The food was great will go again!!!  Have already told at least 10 other people to go try it out!!!  Fun little spot!!!!  Make sure to make reservations as they get very busy!!!  The people working there where so helpful & kind & all had a beautiful smile!!!  Can't wait to go again!!!
3	I really love this place. I do.  It's in a great location right among all the funky little bars of East Fremont across from the "The Beat" coffee shop and a great place called "Insert Coin," where we went after the meal and played video games from the 80s for about 2 hours!  This area is at the heart of the downtown redevelopment and the restaurant fits right in.  It's an intimate little eatery, with about 12 tables inside and 12 out (I think..we didin't sit outside)  Inside, the seating area is bordered on one side by a full bar and the other by the kitchen that you can see to watch the magic happening.  Groovy background music sets the stage for a meal that is so much more than just food.As many of the establishments on Fremont Street East, the atmosphere here is a groovy mix of the hip of Las Vegas and has an electric vibe.  We seated outselves and were pretty excited about the place from the moment we arrived. Unfortunately, we then had to wait an unusually long time to get served.  I don't know, maybe like 30 minutes?   (I got our drinks before and during the meal from the bar myself)  The Cornwaithes (downtown power couple) came in after us and were actually served their food before she took our order!!  (I guess it's all who you know, right?)  I was pretty peeved after that, but..the food made up for it.  Thai is my favorite kind of food..and now Le Thai is my favorite place to get it.  The menu is not extensive.  Just the basic Thai staples, done to perfection.  If it wasn't for the service, I totally would add another star to the rating. The food, the music, the atmosphere, the people..I'll be back even if I have to serve myself.
5	DEPTH OF FLAVOR.  That's really what makes great food great.  I've eaten "street food" in dozens of countries and dined in some pretty high end places on many other occasions in my 46 laps around the sun.  This was easily in the top five meals in my life.  The Drunken Noodles (3 Spicy) had more depth and complexity than some meals I've paid for costing four or five times more.  Exceptional!
2	Food was fine.  Service was abysmal.  I thought we were on a hidden camera show it was so bad.  Aloof chick server who couldn't remember my order no matter how manny times I repeated.  Awful.
4	3 color curry is amazing!!
4	Le Thai is a very welcome addition to Fremont Street.Arrived at Le Thai about 10:00 P.M. on a Saturday night and sat at the bar.  It was fairly busy.I really like what they did with this space, though I must admit I don't remember what used to be here.  Lord knows I've stumbled by enough times on my way to/from the Cortez.Ordered the Three Color Curry (level 4) and a Singha.  The waitress used an Iphone to take my order, gotta love technology.  Some Aussie plopped down next to me, ordered Pad Thai from a different dude (w/o an Iphone), and wolfed down his Pad Thai before I even received my entree.  So much for technology.  To be fair, the Aussie consumed his Pad Thai in about 90 seconds.  I guess the Pad Thai must be good!The Three Color Curry was very tasty, although I wish it would have had more kick.  Solid food and fair prices.  And they're open late, which is nice after a long night of gambling and drinking downtown.  Recommend.
4	I had the Garlic Fry rice with beef, and my friends had the Ga Pow and the 3 color curry. We had level 3 and 4 of spiciness and my indian friend was not surprised with level 4, but level 3 was too much for our average american friend. The best thing I remember is that I never have had food that came SOOO hot temperature wise. Usually they serve you and it goes cold pretty fast, not here. Plates are the melamine plastic ones, which I usually refuse with hot meals. Maybe one day they'll get ceramic ones.
5	Fantastic food and atmosphere. Reminds me of the Thai restaurants in the Red Light District of Amsterdam.  We had Drunken noodles, Spicy Eggplant and Ginger Fried Rice and drank "Lady Boy" cocktails served by what appeared to be a real lady boy! Loved it and can't wait to go back. Be sure and make a reservation, the place is very small. Head to The Beauty Bar and The Griffin afterward for cocktails.
4	eeeeeeeeeeeeeee le thai is so good! we went here after searching for something good to eat around fremont street...we ate in the back in the little outdoor area which was really cute, twinkly lights, etc. the food was delicious and even though we ate a lot, we both still had leftovers.it's a pretty tiny spot so either make reservations or be prepared to wait!A+.
1	I hate to do this.  I love the food and the service is great when you eat in but try and place an order by phone or email, which they may or may not answer, and good luck getting a response or your food at a promised time.   When it happened the first time I called it a fluke but when it happened again today I went back to Mix Zone where they answer phones, have a delivery person and deliver in the promised time.
4	Excellent food, flavor, service, and place! Seriously good wings and awesome noodles! Larb was yummy too! I can't wait to go back! So fresh and tasty!
5	Drunken, awesome, pad, no matter what style these noodles are cooked in they are spectacular!  Working downtown this may be one of my, if not the, favorite place to get lunch from.  I generally go with the beef so I still have yet to try the pork and chicken.  It's nice and small with a nice little courtyard to eat in the back so as you can imagine it gets pretty full at lunch so arrive before noon or prepare to wait.  Heck if you order it, it may take a while.  The one thing I'm sad to mention is their spice levels may be too much for me.  The first time I ordered the drunken noodles I went with a 3 thinking that I'd be alright since I'm used it.  Wrong answer, I think I spent more time blowing my nose and drinking water than actually eating, still delicious though.  I usually go with a 2 now so I can still get some spiciness yet still enjoy my meal.  The last time though I went with the awesome noodles at a level of 2 and all of a sudden it left like too much.  So there may be a consistency issue or I've become more of a wuss.  Then again I do notice a lot of chili seeds in there so maybe I'm not a wuss?  Wait, don't answer that! Either way, the noodles are tasty, the meat succulent, and the various vegetables placed in the different dishes are the perfect compliments for the meal.  I still need to go ahead and try out the curry and other dishes but the drunken and awesome noodles are so good it's hard to convince myself to try anything else!
5	Le Thai is definitely my new favorite Thai place. We had to wait a little bit to get a seat but they'll take your phone number and call you if you want to wander around downtown while you wait. The pad thai, awesome noodles (they are named awesome for a reason) and waterfall beef were all delicious. I can't wait to go back and try everything else.
4	The tom yum soup is amazing! love this place. a must try for lovers of thai food!
5	Oh how I love you, Le Thai.You're super tiny so I feel really cool eating here- as if I'm in the know.  You kept me warm outside on your patio with your portable heaters and extra spicy food.  You have servers who know exactly what is vegetarian-friendly and I don't ever feel like I might be getting accidently served fishes in my food.  Your spice levels aren't for the faint of heart.  When can we meet again?I've been here twice, once on a busy Tuesday evening and once on a not-so-busy-because-we-are-trying-to-close Saturday around 1 a.m.  I may or may not have been drinking lots of wine before my second trip to Le Thai.Both times we ordered the same thing: Thai tea, Awesome noodles, and Massamam curry.  Thai tea: not cheapy tasting tea like I've had elsewhere and with just the right amount of sweetness.  Awesome noodles: lots of fresh veggies and a slightly sweet sauce, the noodles are wide and perfectly cooked, and the noodles are balanced perfectly with the right amount of veggies.  Massamam curry: tons of flavor and spice and served with a healthy serving of steamed rice.  This is the only curry they can make vegan.  I've had it with tofu the first time and just veggies the second- I prefer veggies only.Just a heads up, they showed me their heat scale for when you order.  "Medium" (which is what I always order) is a 2 on a scale of 5.  I would assume Medium would be a 3, but not here.  And Le Thai's Medium is almost too hot for me.  If you aren't into spicy food, order as low as they can go.The menu is small, but they do it all right and that's all that matters.
2	cute, good location, but all hype.  they screwed up my order and charged me extra, go figure.  a friend also got bad food poisoning. also, vegetarian / non-meat options are tofu, tofu, or tofu.
5	I absolutely love this place. Le Thai is located in the heart of Downtown next to El Cortex Hotel. Chef Dan Coughlin does an amazing job and I promise you that there's nothing on the menu that you won't enjoy. The flavor in the dishes are to die for and you must try the Thai Jerky with Dan's famous " Waterfall Sauce." It's hard to decide on a favorite dish, but my favorites have to be the Thai Jerky, Pad Thai and the three color curry.
5	I don't really know much about Thai food but this restaurant was easy for me to venture into. The food was great and I will definitely go back to try the curry :)
3	Singha beer-googgle effect?  Yeah, this is a fun place that's got an edgy, hip vibe but the food is a basic rendition of standard Thai fare. It tastes good but these dishes done properly should.  Also, because Thai food generally tastes good when you are drunk or hung (the perfect combo of grease, salt and carbs), it serves the target demographic well. Not trying to be negative - I've had several perfectly fine meals here - just giving a realistic assessment.  Sober diners and those who know food should adjust expectations accordingly.  On the plus side, service has always been great.
4	The business can be a little slow here especially if you go during lunch hour.  They usually only have 2 waiters, but they use quick phone technology to put through orders. The food is great!  I'm not huge into Thai food, but they can make anyone love it.  The spice level can be pretty intense.  I am a fiend for spicy food, but I opt for a 3 out of 5 and depending on the peppers that day, even a 3 can be too extreme.  They have a fantastic selection of high quality teas.  The tea leaves look insane when you see them.This is a great place to bring your friends where you can sit inside or outside.
4	This spot has now become a weekly staple for me and my man.  The upside is really good Thai food with super-fresh, colorful and flavorful ingredients.  Price is a tiny bit more than most Thai places but I am happy to pay $10-13 for a plate of noodles when they are SO good!  Price is definitely on par with quality.  The staff is always nice.  The kitchen is happy to add ingredients (we added broccoli and it was only a buck or 2).The downside:  Service is like a roller-coaster one Saturday night our food actually arrived before our cocktails, and it turns out a normal poured crown-n-coke is $10, ouch!  A few days later, we waited more than 30 minutes for our lunch.  Admittedly, They were super-busy with a full lunch crowd, but they were equally busy that Saturday night. While the kitchen is happy to add ingredients, they will not substitute noodles, which crushes my dream of having Drunken noodle toppings over the longer, stringy-type served with Pad Thai:(I am constantly unhappy with the lack of menu descriptions.  We always order the same thing because it is delicious and we have no real idea what the other dishes are.  It would be so simple to provide brief descriptions on the menu---there are only about 10 items.All this said and done, I still go back, at least once a week because the food is just Delicious!
5	Le Thai is Le BOMB! There's something so authentic about this tiny lil' joint. From the decor to the food, I could swear I was invited to eat at someone's home. What we ordered:- Spring Rolls - Light and crispy. The sweet chili sauce was the perfect accompaniment- Tom Ka Soup with Tofu - By far the best Tom Ka I've had. The coconut was a nice cooling factor against the heat of the spice and the freshness of the lemongrass. Perfection!- Awesome Noodles - Perfect name for the perfect noodle dish. I ordered it with chicken and with an over medium egg on top. This is a must try!- Fried Bananas - Pretty standard. It was good, but I don't think you could really mess this up. It was light and crispy. Only thing I would've changed is if it came with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Le Thai is a must try!
5	Love this restaurant. It is located off Fremont Street right nextdoor to Insert Coin(s) and less than a 5 minute walk to the Fremont Experience.They seem to have went with a more authentic Thai flavor versus most of the Americanized restaurants in the valley. AKA, their meals have the option for more spice and kick. Thai Jerky, Red Curry, CHICKEN SATAY!! Of course the Pad Thai here is awesome as well regardless during lunch or dinner. Their noodles are small and stringier so they may taste different from regular Thai restaurants.But of all things, I recommend everyone to try out the "Waterfall Sauce". It is spicy so I recommend not having too much of it if you cannot handle spices. Very unique!
1	I don't know WTH happened on my visit, but it was not good.My co-worker and I decided to check out Le Thai for lunch after reading and hearing the rave reviews.  We were seated outside after a 10 minute wait or so, which is typical at popping restaurant during lunchtime.  But things soon went downhill from there . . . After taking our orders, my yellow curry took approximately 35-40 minutes to come out.  I had to ask for utensils twice once my food came out.  At the 45-50 minute point, my co-worker and I decided that we couldn't stay to eat and would need to take our food to go.  So we asked that her food (which hadn't come out yet) be placed in a container and asked for a container for my food.                The waiter brought me a small, wire handle take out box.  Mind you, my bowl of yellow curry was pretty big and I hadn't eaten much of it.  I pointed this out to him and asked if I could get a bigger container, like my co-worker's, i.e., the round 7" take out container.The waiter took my food and the small take out box to the kitchen; BUT instead of packing my food into a bigger container like I asked, he came back with my food packed into the one, small take out box!!!  There's no way that my big bowl of curry fit into that small container, which means I paid for food that I did not eat or take with me.By this point, we were really hungry and so ready to go.  I gave the waiter my card to pay, only to have him come back and say that their machine was down.  We waited approximately another 10 minutes, before he came back and said the machine was indefinitely down.  He then suggested we go to an ATM down the street and take out cash, or that we could speak with the manager to make "arrangements."  WHAT?!?!?!?!I'm not sure if the other waiter was out sick that day or what happened.  But we spent almost an hour and a half waiting for our food and/or trying to pay and leave.  We didn't get to eat until we got back to work.  I'm really sad because it was good but I just can't get over the trauma of bad service that day . . .
4	With one of the most concentrated bar areas in all of Vegas, it is important to have food. Not just any food, I am talking about good food. Luckily, Le Thai meets that requirement. The close proximity to Don't Tell Mama and Drink and Drag makes it that much better.The first time I came here, I didn't even know they had a courtyard. This time, Katrina M. and I sat outside. We were not that hungry, but needed something to soak up the alcohol. The pork jerky was not bad. Served with a fragrantly spiced dipping sauce and sticky rice, it is a meal within itself. The massaman curry was what hooked me. The spicy, rich, complex flavors paired with brown rice hit the spot. Nothing goes better with alcohol than spicy food. I would suggest getting another meat other than beef, because it was tough. Otherwise, I was in love. The staff was also very efficient. They worked as a team and it made everything a breeze. We ordered the app with one, three different people checked up on us, we ordered the entree with one of the three, and then the two order takers periodically dropped by.
3	A friend of mine suggested this place for dinner one night.  We had a group of 8 or 9 and this place is really really small.  Luckily they have a nice patio area with heat lamps so they set us up outside.  The food was OK...not the best Thai I'd ever had and I feel that was the general opinion of the group.  It was a bit pricey for what it was and where it was located though.  I would go back in a group setting if other people wanted to go but Vegas has way too many good restaurants to eat a place that is just OK.
5	Cute little place and sooooooo good! Service was excellent and we enjoyed the atmosphere.
5	We went again and it was just as good and were glad we had a reservation and can't imagine how long you could wait without one if it's at all busy which it has been both times we went.  The Pad Thai wasn't as good as the Drunken Noodles and I've had it many other places, it just didn't have enough to it so that has been the only thing that was sub par in our opinion. The curry was outstanding, we will definitely start ordering more things off the menu and this time went to Tell Yo Mama (piano/singing bar) afterwards for drinks and can't recommend it enough. This will be our go-to combination when bringing friends downtown. It is truly a special spot.
3	When you first walk in it's a small seating area - but if you're one of the lucky ones you'll sit in the back where it's open to the outdoors.  Very cool.  We were seated quickly and was again quickly accommodated when we added three more people to our table.  Understandably it was a monday night but there is no recession here.Our server took our order on her iPhone which was way cool.  Unfortunately, one would think that this would prevent mistakes and/or lost orders but not so much.  We ordered the awesome noodles with chicken.  I wish I took a picture.  We tried to order another as there were 6 of us now but after two attempts it just never came.We ordered other dishes which were good but the awesome noodles stands out so much it's hard to talk about anything else.  The flat rice noodles were incredibly fresh and the flavor has the perfect amount of slightly sweet soy sauce and spice.Just a note that their spice level is on the high side.  I ordered it mild and asked for the dry spices on the side for extra flavor.venue - 4food - 3.5service - 2prices - 3
4	We went here expecting a big line, from what I read about previous reviews, but we were in luck - no wait - we sat outside, as it seemed like there was more room and it was not too hot outside at 6:30pm.  We got the Waterfall Beef and the Drunken noodles.  I am not sure if the sticky rice was all that, but I put the waterfall sauce on it and that helped.  The drunken noodles were really good, but plan to try other than chicken next time - we did not really care for the ground chicken texture.  Our food came out very quickly and the staff is very attentive and friendly.  We plan to return and try more items on the menu.
4	Oh my god, waterfall sauce and pork jerky. Amazing. My brother took me here during my birthday weekend. It's right down the street from the Fremont experience but it is so worth it. The sauce was tangy and light and perfectly complimented the salty dense jerky. We also had some of the noodle dishes which were all great but I can't remember the names. Really great prices and a full bar which is a plus. We had a big group had plenty left over and everyone had drinks and we got out of there spending around 20.00 per person. Best Thai I've had in a while. Can't wait to go back for that jerky. Only negative was the service was a little slow.
5	In looking for restaurants with both high ratings and a close proximity to my downtown Las Vegas hotel, I found some reviews for Le Thai and decided to check it out. Damn glad I did too, because it was easily one of the best Thai food experiences I've had! With both vegan and meat lovers fare, this cute and highly energetic restaurant is a hipster bar (they had great music playing throughout my meal), an outdoor garden (the back patio was being used for a private event, but it's lovely and worth the trip to eat outside) and an excellent Asian restaurant all in one. I had the Chicken Larb and it not only tasty but generously portioned. The Thai iced tea was HUGE and they offered me a refill! THAT certainly doesn't happen at any of the Thai restaurants in Metro-Detroit. The local alternative newspaper was available so I sat at the bar - they have two, one specifically for drinks and the other which faces the kitchen - and looked for things to do downtown. Despite the reviews which say the service is just so-so, my servers were both incredible: friendly, funny, absolutely attentive and helpful with suggestions. An addition to the not-so-common atmosphere, the full bar has so many cocktail choices, you'll be hard-pressed to pick just one - it IS Vegas, after all. And any place with a "Ladyboy" cocktail is a keeper in my book!
4	This place has some of the most delicious Thai food I have ever eaten. Its location is perfect and from the front of the building you'd never know that there is a gorgeous patio for outdoor seating in the back. Really?? on Fremont Street? Yes. When we made our visit to Le Thai they had a check-in offer. The offer was a free hug. Our server wasn't shy about it and we got a good laugh out of it! Our server was friendly and the overall experience was just what we needed after far too many drinks during the day. My boyfriend and I ordered two different vegetarian meals and I was thoroughly impressed! We thought we were just stopping at some random place for some greasy dinner and turns out we hit he jackpot. Ha.. haha.. hahaha. It was funny, ok? I don't gamble so I take Thai food for the win.Seriously having a hard time eating any Thai food where I live after dinning here!
4	Le Thai boasts a simple menu, and absolutely everything here is made with love. This was my 8th visit & I'm overdue for a review. I'll keep it simple:*The Awesome Noodles are aptly named.*The Three Color Curry is deserving of it's legendary dish status & cult-like following.*Like Pad Thai? They've got a world-class version, but I would suggest trying the Awesome Noodles if you haven't had 'em yet. (You can order Pad Thai next time.)*The Wings (a new menu item) are brined & fried and are the new benchmark of chicken-fried.*Brown Rice IS available (this can be a dealbreaker when choosing restaurants.)I am not a paid promoter nor have I received free food in exchange for Tweets (a la Robin Leach). I just love good, consistent food. And Le Thai nails that, every single time. 5 enthusiastic stars!
3	I called in my order because they are always packed and was told it would be about an hour.  I thought that was kinda ridculous but went ahead and ordered anyway.  I ordered the spring rolls, awesome shrimp noodles and curry chicken.  The curry chicken was great; very flavorful and saucy.  I got it medium spicy because some of the other reviewers said it was really hot but it wasn't.  I could've actually went with spicy hot.  The awesome noodles which are overpriced at $10 was a disappointment because of the bean sprouts.  I'm not really a fan of bean sprouts and there were just too many but the noodles were good.   Surprisingly there was a lot of shrimp and they were cooked just right.  Spring rolls were good also.
5	This is one of our new favorite places in downtown. Nice little place with a comfortable atmosphere. The food is good, although I would wish for more items in the menu.Our favorite waitress, Patty, is always fun to talk to.Be aware though that the place gets busy for lunch! Get there before 11:30am or you will be waiting a while.They have a DJ and dancing during First Friday nights.Good addition to downtown Las Vegas :)
4	I've never been to Thailand but I just might save my money and go to Le Thai 4,000 more times. AMAZING!!I get the feeling Thai places are like sushi places, everyone has THEIR spot. So, yeah maybe I haven't tried every single one in town, but this food is tasty and wonderful every time. Cool little spot (emphasis on little) that is great for lunch, dinner with friends or a late night post beers craving blaster. The service is friendly and they don't make you feel like a fool if you don't know every ingredient on the menu. The outdoor seating looks awesome for when it's not 100 degrees, the night we went and wanted to sit there it was closed. Sad face. Any type of the curry chicken is awesome and the serving is huge. The chicken satay is tender and flavorful. I think my favorite may be the Awesome Noodles...YUM. Sweet and spicy, my two favorite things. By the way they are not kidding about the spice scale. I get a 1 and that is fine for me and I don't consider myself a spice prude....I don't even know how a human eats a 5 there. A great place definitely worth the trip downtown, but it's tiny so you might have to wait a bit. Worth it!!
4	Really tasty food with a couple of decent vegetarian options too! The pad thai was nice and the Eggplant with the tofu was a big hit at our table. It's all pretty spicy though and I'm glad that I ordered it at level 3 because I doubt I could have taken it any spicier.Inside it gets a bit cramped but they have a great courtyard out back that is covered and has misting sprayers, which makes it comfortable to sit outside even on a pretty hot day. The service was maybe just a little slow, but they were very nice and it was worth the wait.  I didn't collect my check in offer of a free hug, but I saved it for later because I'll be back again.
4	4 1/2 stars. Great location if your visiting the Fremont experience although the parking was a pain to find. I suggest parking in the public parking area to avoid the street meters.The inside of the restaurant is a hole in the wall with the back patio being much larger equipped with water misters to cool you down during a hot summer night. Started off with a Thai ice tea which are gigantic here. I tried the Thai style wings which everyone raved about and they didn't disappoint. The portion was large and the dipping sauce was yummy. For my main entree I went with the Basil pork #2 spiciness which was not very spicy by flavorful. The portion was large and I could only eat half of the bowl.I can't say enough about my waitress Panissara - she was awesome, friendly and constantly checked in to make sure I was taken cared of! Overall I'm a fan of Le Thai and would return next time I'm in the downtown area.
5	The very first meal of my recent Vegas trip. With many more to come its hard to say any were better than this (and I had some GOOD meals).We didnt get any appetizers and as I sit here thousands of miles away I'm regretting it. We did each get the special drink for the day which was a "short" island iced tea for $6. Its was served in a short glass but there was nothing "short" about it. Nice and strong!I ordered Pad See Ewe and my girlfriend had Pad Thai. Normally Thai places never make anything spicy enough for me. They usually ask for for 1-3 stars or whatever and I always say 4 and its still not that hot. For some reason I had a different feeling about this place and chose a 4 out of 5. It was just perfect for me, hot enough to make my nose run but not too hot to eat. And it was omfg awesome delicious to the point of ruining Thai food for me basically anywhere else. I seriously cant believe how awesome this dish was. My girlfriends Pad Thai was equally awesome, she said it was the best she has ever had. She got a level 2 for spice and I found it fairly mild but she likes to add sriracha and it was perfect for her. Everything was cooked just right and tasted extremely fresh. I took a couple of bites and agreed.Halfway through eating (unfortunately) our waiter brought us a small asortment of condiments. House-pickled jalapenos, house-made thai garlic chili sauce, some dried hot peppers and a bottle of sriracha. The jalapenos and garlic chili sauce were awesome. I wished I had both for my entire meal. The service was a little lacking but I'm sticking with five stars because we raved about this meal for the entire night and I'm legitimately upset the damn place is impossible for me to go to anytime soon. Might have to book another trip just to go to Le Thai again.
5	Delicious!! Love it and crave it! I get the fried rice and get it medium hot, so good!
4	I had the woolies for Thai tonight. Thing is, I hardly ever eat Thai. Back 10 years ago a wealthy THai client of ours took us out on a rare occasion to these back house Thai joints where we supposedly ate the best Thai food. This is one of those back joints with the great Thai food except it is overtly present on Freemont tween 5&6th street. Raggae played while we ate like Thai royalty. You can eat out back open air too - very misty- but twas hot so we ate inside. I think they DJ music at night there too- very happening.Traditional pad Thai, chick skewers, pork jerky lots more... veggie and other healthy tidbit as well. I cant wait to try some more. Yum. Joint is run by cool hip kids (to me anyway).  Very polite. Area is a little crusty but places like Le Thai will eventually replace the luster the area once had. Go there to eat. Super casual reasonably priced. I promised them clients....don't let me down!
5	Upon entering Le Thai for the first time, I was just blown away. I immediately felt like I was taken to another country!! I couldn't believe this restaurant was in Vegas because it reminded me of some places I have been to in Asia. It was a pretty small place and very packed. We were seated in the outdoor patio, which was very very cool. I loved the ambiance out there. There was even a DJ playing some deep house which definitely set the mood for our dinner. For my entree, I ordered a Thai Beef and Meatball soup with a spice level 3 out of 5. I would have gotten a 4 or 5 but I have been warned ahead of time that their dishes were very very spicy. When I got my soup, it definitely had some kick. I would say it was realistically an 8 out of 10 on the spice scale. This soup was absolutely delicious. It was just so flavorful and they definitely did not cheap out on the meat. The pieces of beef were very chunky and meaty and very tender. My experience at Le Thai was amazing. I'm so happy that this place is in Las Vegas and I can drive 20 minutes to have this not so ordinary dining experience.
5	We were at party thrown by our Yelp friend Angela, which we had a great time at. It was getting late and we were getting hungary to Yelper Jade and her husband invite us to go to a Late-Late dinner(well after midnight). I got my usual for Thia restarants, the Thia Beef Salad. I should have gotten it with a Spicy #3. but they said "once we make it spicy we can't undo it."It really was like walking into a different country.As advice: If you normally get a 3, then get a 2. 1 is pretty plain. I used half of the spicy rack which made it nice.  It was decently priced. I defiantly would go back again! This place was so much better than Komol Thia food.
4	Great place for thai food downtown. Nice staff, good food. Little pricey, but conveniently located if you live or play downtown. Unless you are a glutton for punishment, do not order a dish with spicy  #5 (spice levels are 1-5, five being the hottest). I love spicy food, but when I ordered the awesome noodles with spice level 5, it was insane. It took me three days to eat. Very good though.
5	BOMB ASS WINGS!!!Their menu is small, but everything is good. My favorite things to order are the Thai Style Wings, Ginger Fried Rice and Pad See Ew. I try to come here at least once a month. This is my favorite place to eat downtown.On certain nights they have a dj spinning house in the outdoor part of the restaurant. I love that they take your order using an iPod/iPhone.
4	I've been hearing all kinds of good things about Le Thai, but I have never been in the neighborhood around dinner time.  Last night, I was downtown for a happy hour when my tummy rumbles set in.  I knew it was about to be time for Le Thai and I was excited.We were seated in the outdoor section of this tiny restaurant.  It was pretty hot out, even at 8pm but there are water misters going to cool things off.  When you combine that mist with the warm air, it almost gives the feeling of being in southeast asia.  The atmosphere was definitely not "steps away from casinos and neon" and that's a good thing.For an appetizer we had our Thai go-to: chicken satay.  The peanut sauce was delicious although a tad bland.  The chicken was perfect.  The pieces were much larger than most other satay i have seen.  The chicken was also perfectly tender and juicy.  I can only dream of being able to cook chicken that perfectly.My entree was Pad Kee Mow.  I ordered with chicken at medium spice.  DC ordered Pad See Eew with chicken at medium spice.  Both dishes were fantastic - among the best Thai food either of us have had.  As many others have noted, however, the food is damn spicy.  I generally have a high tolerance for spice and the medium was just a little much.  Heat aside, the food was incredible.  I want to try everything else on the menu.Our service was lazy, but not in a bad way.  Maybe relaxed is a better word.  Servers were friendly and took orders on an iPhone.  Neat little touch.  The music was like a mix between West Elm and a dance club - very good vibe for the relaxed atmosphere.  We'll definitely be returning to Le Thai to try the rest of the menu (only this time with a slightly milder spice profile).
1	Thai Vegas is no more it went out of business today July 20, 2012. I really didn't they were going out of business, when I went there tonight. The reason I went were tonight, but after I walked away Le Thai the newest hippester eatery on Fremont Street it seemed like better alternative. The reason I walked out is that the waitress wanted to sited me in corner against a wall sorry but that those prices  and considering there a unpretentiousness mom and pop business that was around the corner that's the same price and had always given me better service I waked.
5	So, I really am in love with this place. The staff is so friendly and the back patio makes me feel like I'm somewhere else. Even on hot Vegas nights, the misters keep the atmosphere tropical and cool.Now about the food. Awesome noodles are appropriately named. Enough said. The Three Color Curry is delicious and they do make it spicy so bear that in mind. If you have a sweet tooth, the Roti (Thai pancake) is a flaky, egg pastry filled with Nutella and drizzled with condensed milk. Yum!Go eat here!
5	Le Thai is a delicious hipster Thai cuisine that has a delicious menu full of options for everyone.  I had their Spicy Eggplant with tofu and my guy had their wings.  We were both extremely satisfied with our Le Thai dishes and our waiter.  We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!!!
5	Le Thai has completely ruined all other Thai restaurants for me.  Hands down some of the best food I've ever eaten.  I would like my mouth to taste like that all the time.  The Three Color Curry is amazing as well as the Waterfall Chicken. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is cozy. The misters on the patio take you to a different place.  I can't wait for my next visit to Vegas so I can go and eat again.
5	Le Thai is the new benchmark for creative Thai cooking. The dishes are presented simply, with an emphasis on unique flavor. Walking into the restaurant off of Fremont St, you feel as if you've been transported to Thailand. The bamboo accents and warm misters are a welcome change from the dry Vegas heat outside. The three color curry is their signature dish and a must order!! It is unlikely that you will ever have an opportunity to enjoy such a creative menu item anywhere else. The Waterfall chicken, sticky rice and wings rounded out our order wonderfully. Kudos to chef Dan C and his friendly staff. Dinner reservations are recommended.
5	Great service, great spices, great destination away from the mainstream Fremont tourism, just a short walk across the street.
1	I don't know what the rave is about this place.  First of all the service is less than acceptable and not enough help anyway.  The food is mediocre at best.  We ordered the Thai Beef and Meatball soup, well we tasted more spice than anything else and we had ordered mild because of the comments we read about the spice level of this place. Soup was a very spicy bland broth with no particular flavor other than hot.  The Pad Thai was a disappoint; we definitely had better elsewhere.As far as atmosphere, would you believe they turned off the misters in the patio at the height of service Saturday night.  What were they thinking?!  It became miserably hot, especially since the humidity has been elevated the past few days.This is not a place I would recommend.
3	If I reviewed this place the first time I had it, I'd give it one star. I've been back a couple of times and I've generally changed my mind.My first time here was less than stellar. It was the kind of place that [still] gets too much credit for being in a physical location that is undesirable, while being supported by those who frequent downtown.I will say, between the first time and the more recent times - the service hasn't really changed much. It's slow and way too casual. Orders are very often wrong. One time, an order got left out entirely and there were no apologies at all. Just admitting, "oops, we forgot." It's also strangely expensive for being downtown and of just ok quality.The quality of food has jumped, though. Every time I go, it gets a little better. At first, it was probably the bottom of the list for quality and flavor. It's just food. Nowadays, they have their groove a little better across all their items. I actually enjoyed the noodles and chicken satay I had. Though, their chicken (in things like curry and noodles, not skewered) has a consistently odd reheated aftertaste. I don't recommend their curries at all. they do what every other place does and fill a bowl with curry flavored water/coconut and a pound of bamboo shoots.The ambiance is pretty nice. Definitely has that downtown indie feel. The outside seating is a pleasant surprise, as well.
4	I work downtown so I have had takeout from Le Thai multiple times since it opened.  I was impressed with the noodle selection - but actually have not had great experiences with the noodles in takeout form.  Once the drunken noodles were absolutely horrible - but that was my own ordering trouble as I ordered a 5 spice with ghost sauce when I really wanted a 3 spice.  The confusion stems from our other favorite Thai place downtown which is on a 1-10 scale.  Anyway, I digress.  Rather than delivery, today I went in to Le Thai and my whole world changed.  It is so cute, great cantina feel up front and a patio in the back with fabulous ambiance.  Backyard chic between 2 brick walls in the middle of downtown.  It is fully private from passerby's (so no visitors begging for food or money) with a bamboo roof that lets just enough sun in and misters that are perfectly placed.  It was 100 degrees out today with raunchy humidity and I was totally comfortable.  We even stayed and chatted for a LONG time.  And lastly the food.  I think I actually enjoyed the food more going there.  I'd like to try the drunken &/or awesome noodles again while at Le Thai - I have convinced myself I will like them more.  Today I had Ginger fried rice with shrimp at a level 3 spice and it was very good.  Spice was just enough to make my mouth tingle but not quite "clear your sinus cavity" hot.  Service was good and everyone was friendly.  So glad we went after the lunch rush because it was so great to sit and talk in this quaint place.   Oh and I went with a couple of very, very ANAL coworkers who both approved of the cleanliness of the kitchen.  I will definitely go back.  And after reading other posts I clearly need to try the waterfall . . . stay tuned . . . waterfall update to come!
4	Yes Indeed I am a Fan of Le Thai. I find myself finding ways to be near Le Thai on East Fremont Downtown, just in case I get hungry.. I love this little Thai spot. It's definitely a more fused-up style of Thai cooking, hence the 'Le' :] but I love everything about it. I have never dined anywhere other than on the back patio under the mist sprayers, and even in 100+ degree heat, it is really comfortable back there. With all the items you would expect from a Thai menus - like Pad Thai and Panag Curry, Le Thai also incorporates some other delicious flavors.  My personal favorite is the Spicy Eggplant with Shrimp. It's. Really. Delicious. The only thing that I find is difficult for me to grasp is they're spicy seasonings. I can handle, and do enjoy some heat in my Asian-Style favorites, but the spice is often not consistent at Le Thai. I usually get a '4' out '5' when they ask for a preference in spice level.. Sometimes it's perfect, and sometimes it's not spicy at all, and then other times I can't even eat it it's so hot.  I have been told that they use 'Ghost Pepper' (look it up..its a really HOT pepper,) on the hotter end of the scale. This may be why it's sometimes hard to handle. The remedy for me, has been to order a level 3 and spice it up with the peppers and chili sauce they bring to the table. Then it's perfect for me every time. If you haven't tried it, and love Thai Food.. I think you will be very happy with Le Thai. Everything is fresh and the staff is great and the prices are right. See you there!
4	I like this place. Great food. Great music. Feels like a place you'd come across in a hip mid-size market like Austin. Nice vibe.  It's nice to see food joints open on Fremont.Minor problem: each time I ask for a 2 out of 5 on the heat scale, it never comes out the same. Sometimes it's barely spicy, sometimes it's face melting. They need to make all the chefs be consistent with each other.Also, why is this place not open past 2am on a Saturday night!!!? That's when I could go for some noodles. There's no decent food downtown after hours. They would kill it. If they stayed open a little longer on the weekends.
5	What can I not say?? LE THAI IS LE BOMB!!!!!!!hahhah...ok so if that doesnt get you interested in this AMAZING restaurant, then you are just Le Dumb-o and definitly dont deserve a good meal :P Okay so I must admit..I dont do spicy..but thats not my fault (blame it on the tummy issues), so everything I have tasted is at a 0 spice rating...(you know your hardcore when you have to set a spice rating for your food :)) BUT....just because I eat it at a 0...doesnt mean it taste any less better than someone who would eat it at a 3 or 4 :)The waterfall beef with sticky rice is finger lickin amazing!!!! literally...and the pad sui ew is the dish I dream about at night.... :) sigh....I will continue to eat here and support anything that is worth my time..and I think you should too...this place is always hella packed...so be prepared to wait, or call ahead!!!!
4	I was happy to find out that once you go past The Heart Attack Grill it's not creepy like I once thought. Even though I never bothered to check ...but I'm glad I finally did! Le Thai a tiny Thai place sits on this road with a bright sign that is hard to miss. The food was yummy especially if you have a late night craving for spice. I had their specialty short rib fried rice. I was thinking that the short ribs were served on the side but it was actually little bits of rib meat in the rice. It was delicious! I also couldn't resist the fried spring rolls to go along with my meal. It's a cute place. We sat in the patio which was a little warm but it was a cozy spot. The seating inside was also small but it wasn't too crowded since we came into eat after midnight. Love when places are open late night!
4	Nom Nom Nom Nom Nom!!!!  Been trying to go to this place for weeks!  My friends keep raving about it but I was hesitant to drive downtown to eat.  I SHOULD HAVE GONE SOONER!!!!   In the vein of the Griffin, Beauty Bar and other cool revived downtown spots - Le Thai offers a really cool atmosphere with outdoor seating that feels very much like what I imagine being in Thailand would feel like!  If only they had a waterway nearby, lol.  We ordered the Tom Kha soup with chicken, Chicken Pad Thai and Pork panang  .  The soup was YUMMY!  And I eat A LOT of Thai food.  It was flavorful with big chunks of tender chicken, mushrooms and scallions.  Use the green chili chunk sauce to give it a tasty, tangy punch!  The Pad Thai was the most extraordinary.  It had a very cool grilled taste to the noodles??? Never had a Pad Thai quite like it.  Was weirdly delicious!  The Pork panang was good but nothing out of the ordinary.  NOTE:  Their stuff is SPICY!  Order a 1 or a 2 if you aren't sure about spice levels.  Looking to go again this coming weekend and trying the meatball soup!  Can't wait.  (p.s. they take order on ipods, lol it's fun, quirky and cool)  Also any number of servers will come to your table and make sure you are doing well.  Price wise we also ordered BIG Singha beer and steamed rice and for all it came to about $45.  Not bad at all.  p.p.s. The menu is the little placard on the table when you sit down, lol.
5	AMAZING Thai food here. Everything I've tried is good. The food is always piping hot. The service could be a little better. But when you're scarfing down delectable goodness, you forget all about the waiter that took 10 minutes to get your drink order. My favs are the wings with that oh so tasty sauce ( mmm! i miss that sauce) and the Tom Kha. I've also tried the pad see ewe, pad thai, and three curry; like I said up yonder....all bomb. (appetizers are delish too ) I've been to this place 5 or 6 times in 4 days which is pretty impressive given I'm not a Nevada resident :) Yes, it's that good. Trust me...Eat here.Oh ya, personally, the music is a little too "BET" for me, but if you like rap, enjoy.And if you happen to catch them when they're busy and choose patio seating, reconsider. enough said. Wait for that inside table. Okay I'll give you a few resons: Flies = Bugs bug, period.Mist = feels good on your skin on a hot vegas day, not good in your foodLoud noise sounding like a construction site next door...?
4	We LOVED Le Thai.  The staff was fast and friendly.  The entire restaurant is NON-SMOKING (like an oasis in this smoke filled city).  The noodles are great, big on flavor and served within a few minutes of ordering.   GREAT, GREAT vegetarian options for Vegas.
5	After stumbling around Fremont St for a while, the hunger started to set in and Thai food sounded amazing. Initial thoughts upon entering, the restaurant was slow but it was the middle of the day on a Friday. We chose to set in the back deck area which was very nice except I think the mist machines are a bit too much, they are nice but maybe a little bit less as water builds up on the table, food, etc. Onto the food: The wings are to die for. Seriously, so good. You will not be disappointed. I had the Pad Thai with a level 3 on the 1-5 scale of heat. Again, very good. Would recommend to anyone. Something like $3 canned beers which is a nice change from staying on the strip.I saw someone comment on the music being too "BET", maybe whoever is working controls the music but the mix that was on while we were there was mumford and sons, and some other indie music.Probably my favorite meal in Vegas
5	I think I'm addicted to the Spicy Pork Fried rice.Wash it down with a few LUCKY BUDDHA BEERS & I'm ready to party.I like the dining area & the outside patio is secluded with a cool atmosphere.When you're hungry in DTLV you must try Le Thai!!
4	Been here a couple times and definitely plan on coming back soon. A lot. I love that their menu isn't huge and that I will actually be able to try everything on the menu if I spread it out between about 5 visits or so.Panang curry is the best I've had so far. Drunken noodles were great, better than the Awesome noodles and those are pretty darn good too. Can't go wrong with either. The Thai iced tea is perfect and this appetizer called Waterfall beef was kinda nostalgic of a Cambodian beef dish my mom use to make. My version of comfort food. It comes with this addicting waterfall sauce. From what I can make of it, it consists of at least fish sauce, lime, sugar and green onions. Love that stuff! Restaurant is a bit small and service is kinda slow but that won't stop me from coming back.
5	I am a Tripadvisor reviewer but I had to use my first Yelp review on Le Thai!  It is muy le delicious!  I was in Vegas for a long weekend recently with a buddy of mine and we wanted to venture off of the tourist area and find something local.  We didnt have to venture far.  We literally stumbled across Le Thai and we were not disappointed.  I can honestly say that the meal I had at Le Thai ranks in the top three meals I ever ate.  In fact, I am hoping for a cheap flight back to Las Vegas....not for the gambling and drinking but to make it back to Le Thai.  I will always recommend this place to everyone I know that will be visiting Las Vegas.  A must go if you live in town or are visiting.
3	This place would have 5 stars for the food, but the service is so shoddy I can't bring myself to give them anything above 3. It's probably the yummiest food downtown so it's worth sucking it up and eating here. But be prepared to be frustrated, insulted, and made to feel like the restaurant is doing you a favor by letting you in their doors. They will try to seat you outside in the back, which is where the majority of their seats are. But the mist system they have out there is insufficient for Vegas heat and, particularly if you are ordering spicy food, will leave you feeling like death. Fight for an inside seat if you can. And you will have to fight them for it because they will make faces at you, roll their eyes, and generally make you feel like crap for daring to want to sit inside, even when there is seating available.They also lie about the spicy scale. There is no scale. It's supposed to be 1-5, but depending on the day, a 3 could have you burning your mouth or could be so bland you can't taste any spice at all.The beef is deliciously tender and the veggies are fresh. The sauces are delicious, spice issues aside.Overall, good food, horrible service.
4	This place is tasty if you like fresh hot thai food and good service give it a try. I will eat here every time I'm in Vegas. Cheers
5	this place's the place to be.  its my third day in LV and I've eaten here twice, once for lunch, once for dinner.  had their green curry chicken w/ brown rice for lunch, that stuff's the bomb dude.  they got the lunch special that comes w/ a drink.  it was a nice friendly lil place and i just ate at the bar and chatted w/ one of the owners there.  night time, i was there again with a couple of friends, this time i was eating in their outdoor section that was pretty nice.  if i wasn't reminded of being in downtown vegas, this place can easily pass off as one of the other dinner places i go to in San Francisco.  had their pad see ew, and the waiter asked me if i wanted it spicy, i had no idea it's supposed to be spicy but sure, level 2 was perfect for me.  it had the flavor without being overpowering.  my buddy actually got the level 5 (out of 5) and he managed that just fine.  supposedly you can request for ghost pepper if you want to also, but uhrm, yea, no thanks for me there! =P  Food - 4 star - pretty decent for what you payAtmosphere - 4 star - nice lively crowd without being too loud/rowdyService - 5 star - very nice n friendly folks here.
4	Finally the Rock has come back to...oops, wrong tag line but I got ya to smile and look! Finally I got to step foot in LeThai. And let's just say it: It was worth the wait. While I've heard service can be slow, I was lucky. Prince was working. Prince knows how to hustle, and how to take care of customers. Prince...is awesome! But while good service is always nice, the big bowl of Panang Curry made it worth all the hassle to try and get here for lunch, to find a space in the El Cortez parking garage and run through the casino and all the people just to get a great lunch and then get back in an hour. Yes, it was soooo good and so worth it. And yes, this is the first business that seems to have a tie to Tony Hsieh that didn't suck for me. Will I be back? Hell yes and I want to bring others. I liked LeThai, and the first impression is that the reviews are not hype, they're legit. Oh and they got the spice just right. Again Thank You Prince for asking the right questions and making sure I was taken good care of. And the Thai Iced Tea was good too. The place is a little intimate when it's busy so it's not for the shy, but the food will make the shy forget about that soon enough. But as good as LeThai is...Penns Thai House still kicks LeThai's rear end. Seriously. (Appropriately enough, Thai food gets Review #499.)
5	Nice little place on Fremont, but you have to walk all the way towards the eastside of Fremont!Outdoor seating? Yes! Very nicely done and it makes it a little more romantice with my gf.  Place does get crowded, but hey good food means you going to have to wait just a bit.  I came here with a group, everything was already arranged and yes it was very well presented.  We started with two apps (veggie eggrolls and wings).  Loved the wings and their dipping sauce (informed that it was just hotsauce and ranch).  The jerky with sticky rice and thai sauce, heaven.. Tiny bits of beef was very tender.  Because we were in a group the spiciness was set to mild.  Poo, I love hot stuff! Amazing noodles and pad thai were very solid choices.  I thought that it tasted just good, but could have been better if i was spicy.  Should go alone next time.  Another great entree is the chicken curry.  How good was it?  The guy across from me is a graduate from culinary school and he acutally asked for the rest of it to take home.  Enough said.  Now for you drinking folks.  There's quite a selection on thai beer from what I heard.  I don't drink, but most of the guys at the table did.  They got quite a bit that night.  Desserts! Fried bananas, a bit too much wrapping around the banana but then it works well since condensed milk is poured onto it.  Now the really appealing and interesting item was this egg cake with nutella baked.. Sorry don't remember what it was called.  Surprisingly, it wasn't really that bad once you start chewing.  I thought the egg was going to be weird but it was more like a flan with nutella.Def will be back.  Yes I'll have to take my gf, but I want my noodles spicy!Side note: parking is difficult, but there is street parking around the corner on both ends.  Meter parking and free after 6pm.
5	Came in a large group so I was able to try everything on the menu...yummmy!   My favorites were the egg rolls, the thai beef, chicken pad thai, 3 color curry, garlic fried rice....dear sweet Jesus.   I need to go again when I am in Vegas.  The service was great and attentive and the prices are just right.
3	I heard rave reviews about Le Thai and decided to give it a try on a random Friday night. I am admittedly picky about Thai food, so I never get my hopes up. Since this is a new "it" place downtown there was an hour wait, even at 8:30 on a Friday. So we settled in outside and took advantage of the fantastic people watching. When we first put our names on the list there was a table for 2 open but they immediately put a "reserved" sign on it. Wouldn't you know that nobody showed up for an hour so we ended up with that table, mildly irritating! Once we were seated we were immediately brought water. I love me some water so I was really nervous with the tiny glasses they use, but they also bring a carafe so you can refill often. We also got a Thai tea and were pleased with the really large portion. We put in our order for the Thai style wings right away. The wings were fantastic! They were incredibly crispy on the outside and came with a spicy Siracha ranch sauce. I always go for Pad Thai with beef and this was no exception. The Pad Thai was good, but it was very different. It seemed almost like a stir fry with all components added, chopped, and completely mixed in the dish. The beef was not as tender as I would have liked, nothing like chewy meat. My husband had the awesome noodles with beef. They were good noodles, I don't know about awesome. They had a strong garlic and fish sauce flavor. They were thicker noodles which was nice and comforting. The wings were fantastic, but the Pad Thai was just not for me. The service was actually great, despite the other reviews I read. In my opinion, this is a trendy downtown restaurant so be ready to wait and dine in a noisy hipster environment.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a couple of weeks now. My friends and I used to frequent the restaurant when it just opened. Most of us thought the food was good, HOWEVER, the service was really crappy. They didn't have enough waiters, thus they were careless, i.e. not bringing out everyone's silverware at the same time, forgetting orders, etc. We decided not to come back. Since we work downtown, there are only so many places to go, so recently a friend and I decided to give it anoooother chance and WHOA were we surprised! First of all the portions are larger than before, and the food is better than before. We've tried the wings, the jerky and all of the curries and everything was fantastic! Plus the have some accesible wine, beer and cocktail options. The most important thing though, and the reason I wil keep coming back is the service. I believe their management became aware of the quality of the service offered and remedied the situation. On all of my last visits I was greeted cheerfully, and was waited on promptly and friendly throughout the meal.
4	Pretty good thai food in downtown. However, the portions are way way too small for its price. When I work near downtown, this is my goto place to eat for lunch. Dinner, it gets too crowded especially weekends!
4	Great Thai food downtown.
5	Have the Awesome Noodles! This place is amazing!!
5	The outdoor patio is so cute. The food was so flavorful and delicious. Friendly staff too. I'll definitely come back here often.
5	They trying to kill me here - downtown is already my favorite hangout and now I have a bombdiggidy Thai restaurant that taste legit and sobers me up when I've had one too many margaritas next door. The first time I tried the pad sa ew and pork jerky with sticky rice and hot sauce and the second time I had the awesome noodles and the third time I probably got a mixture of things - everything is just so good here.There's a limited menu, but they've got the essentials and a cute waiter - can't go wrong.
4	Awesome Noodles FTW. I had heard nothing but good things about this place--from Yelp, from others, and from local publications, but I finally tried it this past weekend. We were pleased to get right in, and the host was extremely friendly. Like, one of the friendliest, genuine service workers I've experienced in Vegas. He gave us menus and we ordered quickly. The one dark cloud over the whole meal was our waitress. She just didn't like to work. She completely forgot our drink orders, and when I asked for them, she was like, "You mean water refills?" I couldn't hear her when she was talking, and when I asked her to repeat what she said (several times--I could honestly not hear her above the music/other diners) she got a little snippy. She was not enough to ruin our meal, however, because when my Awesome Noodles and my boyfriend's Drunken Noodles arrived, we were in Thai heaven.The Awesome Noodles were the perfect balance of sweet and spicy, and I surprised myself by eating just about the whole thing. The Drunken Noodles were a little spicy for my taste, but I do love the tomato base they have, and both dishes lived up to the hype. The bowls were huge and well worth their cheap sticker price. I understand fully why this place has received such good press, both on Yelp and otherwise--because it's really delicious!
5	1st time and I'll definitely be back. I liked that the hostess takes your number and calls you when your table is ready. The chicken satay was very tender, and the peanut sauce was delicious. I ordered the Red Chicken Curry for dinner and it was pretty good. I think we both ordered it with a level 1 (she made me nervous that it would be too spicy) I loved the spice level, but my friend found it a little too spicy. Cute place, and I really liked the covered outdoor patio. 12/14 I had to update my review. The Tom Kha soup with shrimp is absolutely delicious. We also tried the ginger fried rice was so good. We ordered it with beef, but next time we will get it with chicken or shrimp. This place gets better every time I eat here.
2	Not very impressed. Pad Thai, watered down.
4	I would say food should be rated 4 for dinner, 3 for lunch. Good price. Hip. Almost way too hip. I like Lotus is Siam way better foodwise, but for the location and atmosphere, I like this new restaurant better. You almost feel you need tattoo to go to this place. You almost feel you shouldnt order PadThai noodle. Thats how hip this restaurant is.
3	It was 11:30 on a tuesday and for whatever reason i was at Beauty Bar on "Nickel Beer Night". I figured I shouldn't drink too much on an empty stomach, so I took the advice of some friends and went next door to Le Thai. The menu is small, only about 10 or 15 things on there. The service was nice, even though they we're starting to close.I decided on the Drunken noodles with beef. The waitress asked me "How Spicy? 1-5". That caught me off guard, so I told her 4. She told that was extremely hot, so I said OK, make it a 3.5. She laughed. The food took a few minutes, but it came out nice and hot. It wasn't that big of a bowl but it was just enough. For $11.95, I thought it would be bigger. The noodles we're kind of greasy though.  Anyways it was pretty spicy. After 3 bites I felt it. Half way through my lips and tongue we're on fire. I really like spicy, so this was good. But it was almost too spicy. Next time I'll try a 3. The place is worth checking out. Next time I'm on fremont st. I may try something else. Wasn't overly impressed, wasn't dissapointed.
4	Delicious curry, perfect portions, reasonably priced and the best Thai Iced Tea I've had in Vegas. Will definitely return. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the table where we were seated was really sticky and I had to request silverware. More attention to cleanliness and details would bump my review up to 5 stars.
5	This place is awesome. The food is great. Nice and spicey! Best thai food in Vegas!
5	My wife and I found Le Thai after walking out of Insert Coins downtown on a Saturday night and we took a chance on it.  Small inside dining with a larger outside seating area in the back.  The restaurant is very rustic and mimics what you may find in Thailand The place was filled which was a good sign for almost 9pm at night.  We took a few seats at the bar and ordered.  My wife always gets the beef massaman curry wherever she goes and it was amazing, great levels of flavor.  I got the special which was a beef fried rice, it was one of the best meals I have had in this town!  We have found our favorite Thai place in Las Vegas.
4	Fremont St's best. It's hard to find yummy local faire in the touristy part of Fremont St, but this place hits the spot. The fried chicken appetizer is fantastic! The sauce that comes with it is hot with some sour cream tang (siracha mixed with sour cream and mint perhaps?...). The drunken noodle everyone raves about is definetly tasty and hits the spot. The chicken satay is not worth it- too dry. Although, the size of the satay is huge! Like whole chicken breast huge. It is a little off from the tourist area and there seems to be a lot of locals who hang out here. I would recommend this place if you are in the area as this is a good break from the crowd.
4	Stumbled across this place for lunch.. We went in and we're told there was about a 15 minute wait. There were tables open, but we guess they didn't want to back the kitchen up. Hostess was nice, but never acknowleged why there was a wait. So we waited outside with others that said it was great and worth the wait. Once seated the waitress was extremely helpful describing the dishes we were unsure of... We ordered the Tom Yum soup & Vegetable Stir Fry. The Tom Yum spicy factor was a 2 out of 5.. still pretty hot.. Flavor was incredible. of hot & sour with lots of mushrooms, tomatoes & chicken. Vegetable Stir Fry with Beef was cooked perfectly, tender vegetables and plenty of meat served on your choice of white or brown rice. The lunch specials included a drink for $8.95, which is a great deal. Downtown is really getting a variety of great restaurants! This Thai restaurant is truly a match against others in the valley!
1	Your staff should be ashamed by how your so called "owner" treats your customers. I just watched a line of people wait over 30 minutes while the owner chose to drink at the bar. Is it company policy for your employees to curse at your customers when they ask to eat on the patio? What about following them out as they leave trying to fight them like an immature child. My dog could provide better service. Needless to say, you lost out on  ten customers tonight, and I'll be sure to let every single person I know what I watched happen tonight.
4	The best time to go to Le Thai is for lunch and my favorite and only item I ever get is their vegan mussaman curry with fried tofu its awesome! the dinner portion is a little bit more food but more pricier but the lunch portion is the perfect amount and perfect price :)
4	Awesome noodles... awesome noodles... awesome noodles.. I guess it lives up to the name... as they were pretty awesome. I ordered them as spicy as they dared to make it, and while I waited for my order, my friends offered me some of the rice they ordered, which was fried up with some short-ribs... (hmm that's new..) It ended up tasting pretty good actually, and had just a little bit of heat to enhance its flavor.I sat at the bar with my friends who are regulars there, and once my food came out I dug in.... WOO.... there was the heat, and spicy it certainly was. Nothing eye-watering for me.. but I'm sure it would be overwhelming for others. The heat, the pork, the noodles... it was good. The noodles itself didn't seem to taste very authentic Thai, but I figured I can't really base the restaurant off of something that seemed to be more a house specialty.Good service, kind folks, and a fairly crowded environment most of the time. Combie that with good food? yup... I'd say it was a nice visit and good enough for me to come back if I'm in the area again... (which will probably be like, next year)
5	After passing Le Thai about a million times on the way to Insert Coin(s), I finally decided to try it last night after experiencing some mad hunger pains. Walking in, I was met with a cozy atmosphere, a great soundtrack and seriously some of the best smells my nose has ever encountered. My nose might as well have jumped off my face and made a permanent home here, it was that great.So after I had one of the most intense smellgasms of my life, I was seated and ordered up one of my favorite delicacies, dragon pearl tea. The tea was delivered with a kettle of hot water and nice little glass. I let it steep and looked over the menu. The prices can be a bit intimidating, but let me reassure you, you're getting what you pay for. I went ahead and ordered a stir fry and went on enjoying my tea.The food blew me away, it was seriously not what I expected. The spice complimented the flavors so well and the tea worked perfectly with the dish. I couldn't be happier and before I knew it, the bowl was empty and my buddy Aaron was staring at me in disbelief as I MURDERED that meal. Seriously, I had to call the stir fry family and tell them the bad news.Go to Le Thai, order as much as you can. Tell them Ryan sent you and they'll look at you confused because they don't know who I am.
5	I'll never get sick of this place. The drunken noodles are great and the back patio is an awesome place to eat.
4	On a Saturday night this place is a strange cross between a club and a restaurant. They get very busy so we opted for take out. The food is not as good as Lotus of Siam but given it's great location I will definitely be back.
5	Man, I can't believe with all the rave I've been hearing about this place, I haven't been here before.  A friend and I came to Le Thai after working in our downtown location for a few hours.  We knew that we had a long night ahead and needed some food in our stomach. Working for Zappos, I was recommended to come here by my CEO and I didn't want to pass the opportunity to do so since we were working next door.  At first, you think the place is super small.  The inside consists of a few small tables and a bar area.  Then they take you outside and there are a lot more tables with heaters.  I loved the white xmas lights that set the mood for the dinner experience.  The bathrooms smelled really good and looked like a completely renovated bathroom you would see in a modern house.  For dinner, I got the Chicken Pad Thai for $11.50.  My spice level was 2 (remember that they go off a 1-5 scale and not the usual 1-10 heat scale).  The pad Thai was AH-MAZE-ING!  They got served in a big bowl.  The rice noodles weren't as thick as I'm used to and I loved it!  There was a lot of chicken in this dish and the peanuts really enhanced the overall texture.  I must say, this is probably one of the top 5 best Pad Thais that I've experienced here in Vegas.  I certainly think the kind of hefty price is totally worth it.  Definitely must come in and try the Pad Thai.  You'll thank me later :-)
2	Le Thai has good food but due to the crowdedness and a bad experience with unfriendly staff and three food mix-ups in a row (including the same dish, twice), I stick to take-out. However, now I am not sure when I'll be able to even get take-out again!We've ordered carry-out a few times and have always enjoyed the food, but recently we tried to order and were told that they were not accepting carry-out orders because they were "backed up."This unreliability really bugs me and makes me much less likely to plan on ordering from them again in the future. I would have accepted a longer wait time for food or whatever, but I've never heard of a restaurant just shutting down take-out without warning because they happen to be busy! It makes no sense.As far as food goes, the ga pow is tasty with a very nice basil flavor, their tom yum soup is good and perfect for when you're not feeling good if you can get them to make it spicy enough, and I really like the ginger fried rice- when I am actually allowed to order it, that is.
2	So there is a big buzz going around about the food at Le Thai and how great it is and after reading they were just put on the list of 50 best restaraunts by Eater Vegas I thought I would try it myself. So on Friday night I ventured downtown and entered Le Thai. Now for me I was going honestly just to find out if all the buzz was right and in order to compare one Thai place to another there is only one dish that stands out and that is  the pad thai noddle dish. First I was escorted in and sat down on there patio against the wall. This seating shouldn't even exist in my opinion but I understand that you work with what you have available. My server was very pleasant and busy and wasted no time in bringing over there "menu" (an incredibly dirty table tent looking thing). I knew what I wanted so I ordered the pad thai noodle dish at a level 4 and a bottle of sake. This is where things get interesting.. Not even 1 minute later the server brings out my bowl of pad thai and hands it over to me. The dish looked like it had been in a blender with everything kind of just thrown together. It was room temp with absolutely no level 4 spice to it. Now since I have been working in the food service industry all my life I came to the conclusion that they must have a giant pot in the back of pad thai noodles and whenever one is ordered you are basically getting a scoop hence the dish looking like "family meal" rather then a cooked-to-order dish worth the $11.50 they are charging. If you are in the mood for some amazing Thai food then I would recommended Archie's Thai restaraunts. It's cheaper and the quality of food is ten times better! Now I know that the buzz is more about supporting downtown business rather than food and the same can be said about the 50 top restaraunts list by Eater Vegas.
4	We sort of stumbled upon this place because we were checking out Heart Attack Grill, and well...let's just say gorging on cholesterol and fat wasn't our idea of lunch.We came during happy hour (3-6pm) and ordered all 4 appetizers off the menu.First off, for the price  ($5-7 each plate), the portions are dinner size, which is a huge plus.The wings were pretty good...loved the sriracha dipping sauce.  The waterfall beef was a tad underwhelming because it was just sauteed slices of beef, but the seasoning was spot on and the waterfall sauce was good.The pork jerky was just as advertised...jerky.  Texture was good for what it was...same waterfall sauce as the beef.  If you're not a fan of jerky...don't order it.  Chicken satay lacked any seasoning.  Peanut sauce was standard.We had read previous yelp reviews on the awesome noodles, and chose to order it to see what the hype was about.  But alas, our server forgot to put the order in and we canceled it because it never got started.  -1 star.  So far, pretty good considering the speed of service, friendly staff, quaint vibe, and tasty food.  Would definitely come back next time I'm in downtown Vegas.
3	Had an interesting experience here. Met up with a few friends to this small but apparently very popular thai restaurant next to Commonwealth (the new hot bar in downtown Vegas) and The Griffin. We got a table fairly quickly ordered drinks and food, which both came fast. The hostess was a cold cold girl who seemingly had little love of life. Waiter was nice guy. Food was solid. Nothing to write home about but what do you expect in a fun thai place like that?Things got a bit interesting when 6 others associated with our group wanted to join and take over the table next to us. Unfortunately there was a line. The awful, ostentatious girl sitting next to me who frequented the toilet several times during our meal offered to pay the bill of the large table next to us if they got up immediately and gave the table to her friends that had arrived. The level of excess in this one was beyond what I had seen and that is saying a lot. Obviously this resulted in a back and forth with the dragon lady, our waiter, and this spoiled brat who was used to getting everything her way. I was embarrassed to be associated. She did eventually get her wish. My friend and I wanted nothing to do with these people so quickly got the bill. I am not fully sure, but I am fairly confident that our waiter stole one the twenties I put on the pill and acted as if I had only put one twenty in the check. Again cannot prove it but I know that I put two down (my friend can verify). Oh well. Overall mixed experience but is a fun place in a good location if you are going out downtown.
3	Okay, this spice levels thing is really annoying me. If I order a level 3 because the server insists the chilis are hot right now and I get something  more bland than pepper, then I'm not going to enjoy my meal. I imagine those who are more sensitive to spicy food would be inconvenienced by this as well. Le Thai really needs to work on their consistency, or maybe teach their servers to not just smile and nod when someone asks a question. Also, their Tom Yum soup is so sour you can't taste anything else. I've fallen out of love with this place.
3	Where is my server? I struggled with this question for at least 15 minutes after entering. It was packed and they seemed understaffed, so I stuck around even though I would just normally leave. It took them so long to greet me, serve me and give me my check (and three different people dealt with me) that I just left full cash from my gambling money instead of using my card as I wanted to....I did not want to wait anymore. The food was...average Thai food. I ordered yellow curry which seemed more like water than like curry. I am used to a thicker pastier curry, or if the curry is thin, it tastes like ingredients, full of flavor, but not like mostly water. I received it mild because I do not like spicy foods so perhaps it was missing some needed taste for that reason.The joint itself is very divey, which I should have expected considering that it is on Fremont. I did not like the decor with wooded plank ceilings. It was not cozy at all with all hard chairs and no booths. Nothing great about this place. The $11 curry sounds about right for Thai food but for that price I am usually blown away by other Thai restaurants. I wouldn't return. There is nothing there for me.
4	This place has amazing food. You HAVE to get the short rib fried rice. You'll be salivating afterwords for another bowl. The price is steep at $12.50. The staff is all enabled hipsters that can't even say hi or act somewhat professional - or this would have been a 5 star review. Short rib fried rice. Remember it. Get it. Amazing food.
5	I was in the mood for Thai food and somewhere I never tried. I remembered Le Thai opening a while ago and thought it was time to try it out. We checked with the hostess outside and we were told there was a 20 min wait unless we wanted to sit at the wall table in front of the kitchen. Those seats were perfect for two. I had the Awesome Noodles and they lived up to their name. I also tried the beef short rib fried rice with the fried egg on top. Wow!! This was the best fried rice I ever had Fo Sho! My wife had the Pad Kee Mow, another excellent dish. Son much good food in one place. The Rotti  for desert is a must. Any desert with Nutella is a must try and this one was one of ghe best I had. Service was perfect, I even got my check in hug before finishing checking in. The place is a must try!
5	Just thinking about his place brings a smile to my face and a gurgle to my tummy.  From the excellent appetizers:  The wings are delicious, the Waterfall Beef is extraordinary, the Thai Jerky is sublime,  to name a few.  For the lunch specials, I recommend the tri-color curry or the basil bowl (i order it without the fried egg on top, as the fried egg on top is not my thing).  Both the Thai tea and coffee are over-sized and tasty.  The service is good, and everyone in the joint is pretty and friendly.  NOW for the best part:  It is in the heart of downtown near what was once a deplorable wreck of a street!  The ambiance in this place is superb, as you step off of Fremont into a niche of breezy cool!  I have sat both indoors and out, and been pleased by either location.  It gets a bit crowded at lunch time, but the setup still leaves you feeling like you have room to breathe.  The only complaint I have is that the heat has been inconsistent in the food.  I have had a weak 4 (they have a 1-5 heat scale) and a BLAZING 4.  Check it out and enjoy some awesome Thai, and be part of the "new cool" that Downtown Vegas is becoming.
5	This is a very trendy and chill downtown spot that I strongly recommend for the food and environment. This place attracts a younger crowd (age 21-40) but that's me! During pleasant weather, sit outside in the back patio. The Tom Ka Kai here is the most delicious I have ever tasted. Very hearty coconut soup with lots of mushrooms. I also enjoy the twist the make with their Tofu Pad Thai. Great presentation and large portion - so plan to share or take some home. The Thai-jito is a must!
4	Oh yes, this little joint deserves the praise! Frozen and hungry, we were searching for something warm and spicy. We found Le Thai, a small and casual gem. Tiny dining area, so we had to eat outside in jackets in a screened patio area with heaters( a small inconvenience). I eat Thai often(NY, NJ), but this was one of the best and even slightly unique. The Penang curry tasted like homemade- mild and creamy, and transparent flavors(no mystery sauces). Kee Mao was not sticky like other places but actually juicy and refreshing with all the veggies. I also had a salad, I think pork with lettuce and dressing...forgot the name, but was nice and lemony. However, they missed the soooo delicious peanuts. They should consider adding them for another layer of flavor and texture.Thai iced tea could have used less brewing or steeping time, it was a bit bitter.Thumbs up Le Thai!Oh, a little fun fact: all their menu sections are prefixed with Le. So it will say Le Beverage, Le other Beverage, Le Salad. I found it amusing and nice.
5	Je t'aime Le Thai!We only found this place walking by on our way to The Beat.  My parents had been taking us out to eat pretty much all week so I thought it would be a great to take them out of their comfort zone and take them to dinner.  I also checked Yelp and read some of the positive reviews so I knew we were in for some good eating!When we arrived, the hostess asked if we had reservations...oops...she took down my name and said it would be about an hour.  What we didn't know was that there was a patio in the back so the dining room may look small at first glance.  We only waited about 30 minutes and luckily sat inside cause it's really cold in Vegas during the holidays.We ordered the staples: panang curry with chicken, pad thai with chicken...Mom: Don't you want to try something other than chicken?...pad kee mow with tofu, and short rib fried rice (something we've never seen)  We also ordered spring rolls to start which were pretty standard and served with a sweet chili pepper sauce.  Each dish was delicious!  But it was the fried rice that really stood out!  Now we had wished we tried this place earlier!  However, as with each trip, it's great to end a trip with an amazing meal.  I tried coconut water for the first time and it was pretty good.  The place was full so it did take a little while for our food to arrive.  I credit that to the two tables that sat ahead of us and a string of take-out orders.  But we weren't in a hurry...and family meals are meant to be enjoyed.  It's a very cool and hip restaurant and everyone was very friendly.  We were also able to see the cooks in the kitchen through a large window.  My parents wondered how old the building was since it is located on east Fremont Street.  It can feel a little sketchy at first, but it's pretty safe since the El Cortez is kitty corner to it.I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
4	Somewhat limited menu -- but really liked this place. Pad Kee Mow was delicious -- one of the better I have ever had. Would return.
4	Fun fun fun fun fun. Go. Eat. Repeat ASAP. Real food, real wine list (which is an exception for Thai) realllllll bar. Don't miss this place!
3	My office tried Le Thai the first week it opened and the food was so terrible to this day we call it Le Thai-arrhea.The food has improved DRASTICALLY. It's not unique in any way, but it no longer leaves a residue on your teeth or looks like something drained from an infected camel hump as it did the first time I tried it.Not counting that first week, nothing I've ever had at Le Thai was bad. From the spring rolls, to the curry to the fried rice, everything is perfect and it makes it very difficult to order. I am not a fan of Thai tea, but it is a favorite of almost everyone I know.The food is great but the service and management needs major improvement. For starters the restaurant is TINY. There is a full bar indoors and a few tables where they try to cram as many people as possible into a very small space. Reminds me of New York City and how so many places just cram diners together. The patio is about double the size as the indoor part. In the summer they use misters and for the cold desert winters they have heating lamps and other heating devices, but you still need a coat. They play good music but is way too loud. I want to eat and have conversation with my dining partners, and better yet, be able to hear my server.There are not a lot of places to eat downtown that don't involve walking through a smoke-filled casino, so the wait at Le Thai is LONG. On a Friday night at 7pm, we had to wait an hour and 15 minutes for a table. I heard the hostess tell the people behind us their wait would be two hours.And here's the part that pisses me off. If you have to wait an hour or more Le Thai offers a free round of sake, or even a free bottle. If you have to sit outside in the cold weather, they offer free tea. But your server will never tell you that, nor is it posted in the restaurant. You have to show them you like their facebook page. I can understand if this was a facebook promotion to get more likes, but these freebies are essentially apologies to customers. Shouldn't EVERYONE who has to wait an hour or more or eat outside be allowed to enjoy some sake or tea, and not just their facebook friends? It builds rapport among customers who are social media savvy, but that's a very small set of clientele; not enough to keep your restaurant going.Again, food is good, but it's always slow to come out. The server keeps your drinks filled, but slow to take empty dishes away and bring your check. Which is what probably adds to the ridiculous wait times. Their food is a little pricy, but I think their portions are very generous. Enough for two meals.I go to Le Thai a lot (I work Downtown so about 1-2 times a month) and always send out of town guests there, but my experience last night was incredibly annoying. It included the manager telling our server to serve her table of friends before us (even though we were seated probably 10-20 minutes before them). And their response to my questioning why our server didn't tell us about the free tea and sake when we waited more than an hour and were seated outside was rude and obnoxious. I probably will take a little Le Thai break. I did that when their food was disgusting and it improved. Hopefully the same will happen with their service and management.
4	Tasty food with great options.If you want to eat here, you need to come early to avoid the lunch hour rush.  The food is tasty and simple, although it is slightly on the greasy side.  This is one of the better lunch places downtown, which is worth a trip if you are in the area.  Service is a little spotty, so you might have to be assertive if you want a refill on your drink or your check.
5	Great looking  place, good service, good food!
5	Pineapple fried rice and Pad-see-ew were delicious. mmmmm... Server was kind enough to charge my phone, but distracted on her own phone causing poor service. Their beef waterfall thing was outstanding!
4	Great Thai restaurant for being where it is!  I would never have thought!My co-workers and I were in the middle of a brainstorming session that we didn't want to interrupt, so it was perfect for us to call in our order, then pick it up 30 minutes later.  We ordered more than enough food for 4 adults:-Tom Yum Soup with Chicken-Pad Thai with Chicken-Pad See Ewe with Pork-Red Curry with Tofu-Spicy Eggplant with BeefNote: Stir-Fry and Curry dishes come with rice.  We didn't realize that, so we made rice at the apartment.We ordered dishes with a variety of spice levels: 2 and 3. I eat spicy (i mean REALLY SPICY), so the Level 3 - Hot, was just normal spice to me.When we went to pickup the food, service was great!  The staff was incredibly friendly!  Not only did they give us plastic utensils (as most take out places do), but they even gave us paper plates! (Believe me, the little things matter the most).
5	I love this place. Great food and great prices. The Tom Yum soup is the best
4	Great food. Can be a wait to get in.
4	I'm a big fan of the Downtown area, it's gelling into an authentic urban streetscape that makes me want to move to the area just so I can see it realtimes...albeit I like it more at night than in the daylight hours... (less visible decay)... don't hate me...I wanted to get more involved with Downtown, and when The Downtown Project presented a panel series of inspirational speakers, I decided it was time to climb out of my nested cocoon and head on down.  And to piggyback the event, I wanted to try Le Thai, a much raved Thai restaurant that recently opened on Freemont Street.And from the street, the place looks awesome; from the modernness of the corrugated steel facade juxtaposed with the the retro neon signage, it's managed to synthesize old and new Vegas without any gaudy Disney/stripper pole/bordello theme in which the Strip seems to steep itself until a bitter brew.  It's a breath of fresh air, frankly and with other venues like Commonwealth and Velveteen Rabbit bring life to an already transform Freemont Street, it'll making coming Downtown an enjoyable night out.With the Maitre' D out front, it looked like the interior was super tiny and jam packed, but there's outdoor seating in back with heat lamps, which turned out to be a roomier sitting area.  This would be a great place to sit and drink in the coming months before the heat sets in, not quite sure how they would cool that space...   One wall is covered with a colorful mural, but otherwise, it stays true to an outdoor atmosphere with exposed wood beam frame, rope lights and garden furniture.Seeing one of my favorite appetizers on the menu, I was excited and anticipated a great evening: Pork Jerky + Sticky Rice + Waterfall Sauce. And when it arrived, it did not disappoint, juicy bits of succulent Pork accompanied with a most amazing Sauce bringing it to a higher level of flavor.  And with the Sticky Rice, its just such a comforting dish I feel like I'm at home...And as a measuring stick, I always judge a Thai restaurant by it's Pad See Ewe.  I ordered the spice level of two (normally zero) just to gage how Le Thai handles its hotness scale.When it came to the table, it arrived in a large heaping bowl, steaming, piping, right-out-of-the-wok furnace of noodles, where you know you're gonna sweat halfway through the meal. It's a love/hate relationship, appreciative and ~~~~at the same time..A spice level two at Le Thai was not quite as I expected; for it had an unsurmountable amount of spice, (as a Thai for 'not too spice' and they might as well pour gasoline down your throat and chuck a match) which would have been fine, but the dish lacked that Soy umami flavor in which Pad See Ewe comes in abundance, the flat broad noodles sucking in that sauce and trapping it it's chewy cells.  To top it off, by adding the searing heat of a thousand suns, it was hard to taste much of the dish. A shame, since I was very impressed with the quality and amount of Beef, as well the Chinese Broccoli- you can tell the ingredients were premium, just the balance was off.  As a test, I had the cold leftovers the next day, and it was the same, lotta heat, little Soy. Somewhat of a disappointment.However, since I only had two dishes with a fifty/fifty success rating, I vow to come again and order more and reach outside my comfort zone before the final strike of the gavel.  I loved the ambience and the service was impeccable.  Ratings (Out Of Five Stars)Food:           4Ambience:   5Service:        5
5	The heated tent in the back is super cool! We had a nice server but being busy, their service was very slow! Water took ten minutes and food took another twenty. I had the Pad Thai tofu and most places can't get this right. They make it too sweet or too cooked. This place prepared it just right! So yummy!! I hope I get the chance to go back and try one of their curries too!
5	This is sthe new hot spot in town. Be sure to call a head to get a table set up or you will be waiting a long time.Food is geat. The Colt 45 in the  paper bag.
4	Great food, not so great service. Stopped in to Le Thai after the CMYE event at Commonwealth with fellow Yelpers. While at Commonwealth I could smell the food from Le Thai and knew I had to go try it.We walked up to front and asked for a table for 8. The girl was on her phone (later realized they use an app on their phones for the business) and went in to check on tables. Came back and told us 45 minutes. We were going to go elsewhere but then asked if we split the group up how long wait would be. She went back in and came back with menus to seat us. She couldn't mention that before hand? We got seated and the two tables we were sat at were really close, didn't understand why they couldn't just put them together.Anyway, we ordered with the fairly unfriendly server and waited for our food. The wait time was not bad and the food was delicious. I ordered the short rib fried rice and just a 1 on the spicy scale (0-5 here) and I was glad I did because I think a 2 would have been too much for me. Added a fried egg on top and it was just about perfect. Good amount of meat, perfectly cooked rice and very flavorful.We were just about done eating when the server came and brought the check to our table... a big NO NO for me. This isn't Dennys! A clear sign that they don't care about you is putting down a check early to rush you out the door. When we were ready to pay for the check... she was nowhere to be found. We waited a bit and then Molly gave up and went to go find someone who would take our money.Please get rid of the phone app and use paper or something. It just looks ridiculous and I can't tell if you are on facebook or paying attention to my order.
3	I really hate to, but I have to downgrade. The service here is just not up to snuff to remain at four stars.The first time I visited, I called the waitress a dark cloud over the meal. Truly. This last time, we sat for a half an hour waiting to pay before I went to find the waitress, split the bill myself, so we could leave. As I was walking back with the ticket book in my hand, some other annoyed customers asked if I would run their cards (thinking that I worked there), so I can only assume that they were waiting forever as well. Also, that ordering system by looking at the iPhone is straight up rude. There is a way to look like you are engaged with your customers while holding a phone in your hand, and they need to master this. The food is really tasty, but the prices went up a couple dollars since I was last there, and the service was still lacking. I just know not to have the highest of expectations because I'm sure I'll be back eventually. Good food, sad service.
1	Worst management! My family and I, we waited around 2 hrs for our 8p dinner rsvp. We went to get our table at 8p, the hostess informed us we will be sitting outside! So, we went to order to go, we were told by the cooking staff it'll be another 40min wait! To Go! Omg! Hostess didn't bother to tell us when we had already given up our table.  That was the end of the straw for my husband and I, we just left.....won't be back to this crazy place ever.Worst management!!!
4	this place is great, the beef jerky is amazing! they have a good happy hour menu and a good selection of wines. definitely a good casual first date place. its dim, intimate and staff is friendly. its location is also good as its in reach for both locals and visitors walking freemont st. make a reservation or come with time because most nights its busy! sucks theyre not opened sundays though.
4	I have eaten at Le Thai more than a dozen times and have pretty much eaten the menu at some time or another. It's the go to dinner spot downtown now and often times i suggest it to people when they are looking for a bite to eat.  The food is good, no complaints but it isn't the holy grail of Thai food that people make this place out to be. If it wasn't in the location it is - I don't think people would be so keen on the reviews or continue to patronize it repeatedly. The location and vibe is great - but it's the organic vibe of the place that makes it - not the staff that creates it. The wait staff is not the friendliest or personable and management - whoa sister better not let the success go to her head.
5	YES YES YES YES YES. Go to this place if you want some great Thai Food. I went to Thailand one time and they had heard about Le Thai in Las Vegas and recommended it highly after I had told them I was from Vegas. They'd Yelp, but they Thai. Red chair in Phuket is awesome!
4	The first in my series of Jury Duty reviews.I had the pleasure of sitting on a near three week jury selection process recently.  Where do I begin with the downsides of this?  The mind-numbingly dull periods of waiting? The insulting $40 a day pay scale?   The most extreme example of governmental inefficiency I've ever witnessed?   Okay let's skip to the good:  the food!  No I didn't let myself become resigned to eating at Capriottis on the first floor on a daily basis, instead I ventured out into the world unafraid of having to go through the metal detectors a 2nd time, and am I glad I did so!My first stop was Le Thai, a place I've been wanting to try for a while now but I simply don't make it downtown enough to have ever made it.   I walked there by myself because early on in the three week process I was my usual socially anxious self.  This could be a plus when going to Le Thai as it is seemingly always crowded.  While I have a perpetually crippling fear of ending up on the tableforone tumblr page, I threw caution to the wind and was pleasantly surprised to find myself at a bar where I might have blended in with the other patrons at the time.   You'll never catch me tableforone!I ordered the Ga Pow with Chicken which is essentially a Thai Basil dish which is my standard at any Thai restaurant, so it was a no brainer for me to order the lunch special.   I went with a Spice level 3 (out of 5) to play it safe, and had it made out of brown rice (bonus!)   The first real pleasant surprise came in the form of a fried egg that was lovingly placed on top of the entree.  In my book you can't go wrong with a fried egg, and I thought it perfectly complemented the flavors of the Ga Pow.  As for the Ga Pow itself I thought it was extremely tasty and hearty, and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.   I didn't find the spice level 3 to be very spicy in the least, and decided I'd kick it up a notch if I ever returned.That happened about a week and a half later, when Le Thai was the first of the downtown restaurants to earn a repeat visit from me.  This time there was a bit more of a wait (even though it was still me by my lonesome), and I again was seated at the bar.   I decided to try the Thai Beef Salad this time to mix it up a bit, and brought the Spice Level up to a 4.  When they brought out my salad I was almost embarrassed by the size.  It looked like something you would get at Claim Jumper.  Even when I started trying to dig in with my fork, pieces from other sides of the plate were spilling off onto the bar.   There's some law of physics that could properly describe this phenomenon, but for now I'll call it the law of "WTF why is there 8 lbs of salad on my plate?"  As far as taste, I enjoyed it, but it wasn't exactly something I'd order again.  The ingredients were fresh, and the individual components were fine, but it was just lacking a certain something when taken as a whole.  Make sense of that, because I can't.   Oh yeah, it was also too spicy to me.  This is again why I hate the scale of 5.  3 isn't spicy enough, and 4 is too much.   7 out of 10 is perfect, I can't translate it any other way.  I've seen some service complaints, but both times I was served by the same gentleman at the bar and service was fast and friendly so no complaints there.  Prices were pretty much in line with other Thai restaurant experiences, maybe slightly higher.After more visits and sticking to dishes that revolve around rice, egg, and not veggie intensive, I could see myself bumping it up to a 5 eventually.  For now Le Thai will have to settle with Le Four.
4	What begins in chaos usually ends in chaos.. I'm pretty sure that quote was referring to spicy food but I digress.I personally enjoy any opportunity to find my way downtown and more importantly to try new eateries.  Le Thai has been on my list for a while.Enthusiastic and hungry we approached the hostess stand only to be told there was a 60-minute wait *insert pouty face here*. No problem, we killed time next door until our seats were ready.I must have looked unusually disappointed or totally starving because not even 15 minutes later we were being paged that our seats were ready! SCORE!Ambiance can be best described as a hole-in-the-wall reminiscent of most restaurants in NYC (or Chicago).  It's cool without being smug about it.  Most importantly the food: excellent portion sizes, bold flavors, spice level was right on point. Their spice chart is 1-4 and we went with 2's all across the board. My friend was sweating, my nose was running but man oh man was it worth it. I can recall Le Thai not taking reservations in the past, but since they do currently, I highly recommend taking that extra step in securing your seating. The hostess took pity on us THIS time, but to ensure you are seated in a reasonable fashion, make a res.Le Thai is something that should be on your list of "to try".
4	Finally visited Le Thai again...and so glad we did.  Debbie never had Le Thai before so she wanted to try Le Thai before the bar hopping.  Our reservation was made for 9:30pm but was setback a bit due to our table was located in the patio area and the wind was acting crazy last night.  We ordered:Pad See Ewe: with beef spicy level 2.  The slices of beef were tender and flavorful...actually, the whole bowl of this flat rice noodle is flavorful.  Short Rib Fried Rice:  Was delicious as well.  I got this at spice level 0, but it tasted as if it was cooked with some spice.  Maybe the fried rice was cooked in the same wok that was used to cook something else that had spice...Next time, we will ask for a wedge of lime/lemon to add a touch of citrus note to both of this entree.Debbie ordered the Awesome Noodle at spicy level 3, but Earl's Pad See Ewe at level 2 was spicier than Debbie's.  Highly advised that you should start at level 1, and ask for the spice rack.  Service was lacking, but we will still return for the food.  I had to pass on the free check in on Yelp offer, the free hug.
3	Visited Le Thai for lunch on my last trip to Vegas (2/23/13).  My husband and I chose this restaurant based on reviews from yelp. The restaurant itself has a cute outdoor covered seating area that was quite pleasant with some heaters, etc.  The service was fine, portions were plentiful but the food was mediocre and overpriced.  We ordered the Pad See Ewe and the Pad Kee Mow.
4	Oh how I love my trusty Yelp App in new and foreign cities to me.  Venturing to "Old Vegas" for some looking around and got massively hungry all of a sudden.  Le Thai came up with solid reviews and Thai food was something that sounded perfect on a cooler Vegas day.  A short walk and we were there, and seated promptly in the small main dining room at a two top.  Based on a couple Yelper quick tips I decided on the Awesome Flat Noodles with pork accompanied by bean sprouts, onions, and green onion with a garlic strip fry sauce.  My Mom got a chicken soup (the non-coconut based one).  We both decided on medium heat after some help from our server.  Medium was the perfect level of spiciness for us, just enough to make your lips tingle with joy.  The Awesome Flat Noodle dish was just that, awesome.  Lots of pork and bean sprouts.  I ate the entire thing, a little embarrassed to say so.Service was lack luster, nothing good, nothing bad, just basic if ask me but the food was the stand out.  Great Thai food found on Fremont street is a treat and we left happy with full bellies.
4	Yum! Le Thai is a gem located downtown on Fremont St. Although I am a bit of a Strip-snob, when venturing downtown, Le Thai is a solid choice for thai food.Most recently I enjoyed the Thai beef salad. Although the meat wasn't as thin and tender as what is found in the Thai beef salad at Pin Kaow, the flavors and textures were still delicious. I had a spice level 4 (scale 1-5) and it was a nice amount of heat.I didn't mind sitting outside, although it is still a bit chilly now. The space heaters they have strung on top of the patio provide ample warmth.Service was friendly and quick. Will be back soon :)
5	Definitely our new favorite Thai restaurant, it's too bad we don't live here. Very decently priced with excellent happy hour options and generous portions. The pad thai with tofu was spectacular, very bright and fresh tasting. The chicken satay skewers were also very tender and a large portion for an appetizer.  Great service, atmosphere, and food...highly recommend.
5	This place is amazing!!!  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  Make sure you call ahead for reservation.  Its a small place and fills up quickly.  They will take reservations at the door and text you when your table is ready!  Free shot if they take longer than an hour to seat you!  LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	5 Stars for Service and Location.4 Stars for Food3 Stars for Price4 Stars OverallThis place has been bookmarked, but always avoided because it's always packed whenever I'm out here.  Because of the long waits, reservations are a must.  This was my first time at Le Thai with zero wait because we had reservations. This also might be due to quiet Thursday night. Met up with the Wonder Twins aka  Alicia R. and Terri R. for dinner.  The restaurant is as small as advertised, but there was plenty of room since it wasn't packed.  We were seated immediately, but felt that our orders took a little longer than I expected since they weren't busy yet. Our orders were eventually taken and we were all given our shots of water. I ended up ordering their Thai Chicken Wings and Garlic Chicken Fried Rice.  I shared one piece of chicken wings with Alicia R. but had the rest for myself.  You could of have timed me. I killed everything in less than 15 minutes.  The Thai wings were seasoned with what I call a BBQ taste with a sweet happy ending.  Here's the difference with these wings, the taste is on the inside, not the outside.  The initial bite is okay, then you get to the meat where you feel the flavor.  Hard to describe, but imagine BBQ with a sweet buttery after taste.  Yes, it's obvious that I'm a fan of their wings.  Now for their garlic fried rice.  This was so full of flavor and reminded me of what my pops would make.  The serving is huge and might have been made for two, but tonight it was just for me.  The thick pieces of chicken only complimented it. Not saying Le Thai's is better than Dad C.  Just saying, It's damn good.  I finished my meal, Terri R. finished hers, and Alicia R. ate half and boxed the rest. I feel so terrible because I knocked Alicia's food all over the floor while giving her a goodbye hug. Alicia, if you're reading this, I owe you one. I thought the prices for the wings were about average and the price for the fried rice was a little steep considering it's just fried rice. My pops would never charge me, at least not that much.  My only other issue with price is their $6.50 bottle of Fiji water.  I really wanted a bottle but couldn't justify a bottle costing nearly as much as the wings. So, I settled with their kid's cup of water that they serve. You can say I'm a fan of Le Thai.  There's not too many great eats in DTLV at night.  So, location is a definite plus.  Since I tend to take family and out of town friends to downtown, this just might be a perfect stop for some wings, noodles, and fried rice.  However, pops might think differently about the fried rice.PS:  I forgot to get my free hug for checking in. Good gesture, but no thanks.  I'll save it for last year.
3	Thai food is akin to pizza. Even bad thai food tastes pretty good. Le Thai is a tiny restaurant (with a much larger outdoor patio) right next to Commonwealth. I'm blaming my move to San Francisco for ruining thai restaurants for me. SF thai places have such interesting complex flavors that when you eat at a place like Le Thai you're sorely disappointed. Everything at Le Thai tasted like any other Thai restaurant.The group shared:Pork Jerkey- yummy pork flavor, but the sticky rice was a dried out messBeef app- Poor quality beef with a funky taste to it, also with super dried out sticky riceSpring rolls- deep fried, which of course makes them tastyPad Thai- fine- tastes like Pad Thai anywhere elseAwesome Noodle- pretty one note3 color curry with shrimp- avoid shrimp here it tastes metallic and fishyMinced Chicken with basil- This was tastyRoti dessert- weird- egg, nutella and bread- surprisingly not a good combo. Brown rice- a gelatinous mess- avoid this and eat the white riceIf you're worried about spice, two is pretty tame. Le Thai was a big thai food meh...
5	This is THE gem of downtown Vegas. Ask any native, and they will undoubtedly rave about it. The atmosphere, the food, the drinks - it's perfect for a work lunch or dinner on Friday night.I have yet to try anything I don't like. The sticky rice in the jerky was dry, but that's the only negative I can find. The heat is on a scale of 1-5. I usually get a 0 because I'm a baby, but I've tried all of my friends' various numbers. We've found the heat to be inconsistent based on the different cooks, so ask for the spice rack if you like things hot. They open at 11:30, but I've noticed a "soft opening" earlier, around 11:15 or so. Make sure to get there RIGHT as they open, or any group bigger than two is going to have to wait a bit for a table. On 30 min lunch breaks, this is no bueno. You can make a reservation for dinner, but not for lunch. The price is excellent and this is definitely not your average cheap thai place. This is SO GOOD!
3	Pleasant place.  None of the table's dishes shouted Thai; seemed more fusion.  I give special chops to the staff and the hostess in particular.  They were quite pleasant to all the diners while dealing with a lot of drunk tourists in a very small area.If your wanting Thai food you might try another place but if you're happy with Asian then LT is your ticket.
5	Delish!Friendly staff, and pretty restaurant. We had spring rolls for an appetizer. They were delicious, although my only criticism is that they were a little greasy. The pad thai was delicious - great flavor, and huge portion. The red curry is also great - plenty of vegetables, and well cooked tofu.I would definitely go back!
4	This is a lot of fusion, (not necessarily traditional Thai) but there are a lot of great curries. I had the green curry, my friend had the Pad Thai, and I'd come back for these for sure.Come for happy hour between 3-6, or lunch specials, which were also really cheap. Looked like all drinks during happy hour were less than 5$, and lunch specials with a drink for less than 9$
2	Still in search for the best Thai food in town!Sorry to say...Le Thai didn't do much for me! Yes, the location is convenient if you are already downtown, but the prices were fairly high here ($9 each for lunch specials...shown in pics) and $13 for the Pad Kee Mao! Probably the most I've ever paid for this staple!But prices aside, how does the food fare? Because that is all that matters when searching for the best of the best!  Have to say I was disappointed! Although my baby loved his tofu and mixed veggies :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#T1qpoYYf5aG4hAROkF0HUQThe Pad Ka Pao and Pad Kee Mao were NOT very spicy (maybe a 5/10 in my book) when asking for a Thai spicy 5/5 on their scale, and the dishes weren't memorable! The Ka Pao felt like it was missing something :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ZzFcqxklGCNa5NCK-L7ApwThe presentation was beautiful and mouth watering with them mincing up the meat just how I like and with the fried egg on top, but maybe the meat wasn't cooked long enough in the juices, because it just wasn't flavorful enough.  Tasted like it was missing something vital that everyone else has, and I always order this dish trying a new Thai spot in town.The Kee Mao was very very oily :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#0o-6s4elvRBGJHvxewPA_QLook at the coloring on the noodles! It had a good flavor, but the oils were very heavy and caught up later if you know what I mean...Just compare the COLOR of the noodles to a known competitor and you can see what I mean about that oil! :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pan-asian-las-vegas?select=hQ_CNCpMGO70mnL7vy55jg#JCVcxvcLGhlfJivt4CeowwMy baby loved his food though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#RGxx_22s1Q3ldI9OqyjrBwIf you are searching for nearby eats downtown, maybe give it a go! If you are searching for the best Thai in town....keep looking!
4	This place is really cute! Way smaller than I expected, but it is such a cool little place! There is indoor and outdoor seating, and the outdoor seating is covered. It was chilly when we went so we sat inside. Everyone has been raving about this place to me so of course we had to try it. We went for happy hour which was great because we got to try a few things for much cheaper. We sat and had beers and we first tried the Thai BBQ Wings which were AWESOME. They have this amazing sriracha chili ranch dip, WOW! I loved them. Then we tried the chicken skewers which came with a peanut sauce, they were also awesome, but the sriracha ranch was SO good I kept it to dip the chicken skewers in! To finish off the evening we tried the chicken panang curry, which is our favorite thai dish and it was good. It wasn't the BEST curry I have ever had but I liked it. I would definitely recommend this place, but make a reservation beforehand. Since we went so early we didn't have to wait, but I have been told to make a reservation because the place gets packed. Considering they had a ton of employees, I assume this is true. ENJOY!!!!
4	Great food and great atmosphere. Come from a Thai family and this place, considering its hipster location and demographic is surprisingly authentic. Service was a little slow so order everything in one shot.
4	Very solid experience.  good food. good ambiance. good location.  good staff (cute waiter!) and over all very plesant.  Went before a show at the smith center and they made sure to get us out in time to get to the show before curtain.  I appreciated the decor of the place the most.  Very urban.  The waitress was a little unhelpful when we were placing out order but still highly recommended and worth a visit.
4	this is supposed to be one of the best thai restaurants in las vegas. it was actually really goodthere's an outside area where you can sit which reminded me of being in thailandthe thai iced coffee was ok. i could tell they use the bottled ready made syrup.i ordered the pad kee mow (drunken noodles) thai spicy and it was very very spicy. they did not dumb down the spicyi liked it and it was made really well. but very very spicyservice is slow and there's no sense of urgency which is ok because i was in no rush!
1	WOW, I have not been so disappointed in a restaurant in a LONG time.  The other reviews led me to believe that this was THE place to get good Thai in Vegas....and we were dying for good food, given that Vegas Thai and Chinese on Ogden had closed (boo).  The wait was two hours...which was spent in the Griffin (see review), so that was fine.  Once seated (outside...it was heated, so that was fine too).  The Tom Ka Gai came out and it was absolutely perfect, so hopes were set high for a great meal.  Sadly, everything else out of the kitchen was just bland dreck.  We ordered every dish Thai native spicy...it came out like baby food.  When we mentioned it to the wait staff, we were told that this is their 'spicy.'  Honestly, it was the blandest, least flavorful mundane crap they could have slung on a plate.  The chicken was dry, the curry was just an overcooked orange mess.  BLECK.DO NOT buy into the hype - you are better off at Denny's.
4	Sat in the garden out back, no wait, laid back and pleasant, as was the service.Thai Chicken Wings (totally yummers) , Thai iced tea (delish) , Chang beer (meh) at happy hour pricesWe ordered the Pad Kee Mow and chicken Ga Pow, both at a perfect spice level 3.  Everything was fresh, wonderfully flavorful, and amicably sized.  Really delicious!
4	Delicious.  Great vibe and ambiance. I recommend the outdoor area in the back
1	Been here 3-4 times before and loved it.  Live in Las Vegas and this place is 20 minute drive from my house and probably 3-4 Thai places between.  With that said, I like to come here for special occasions because I liked the food and atmosphere so much.  After my last experience, it will be my last trip.  Ordered the chicken pad thai as spicy as I had the 3-4 times prior (Spicy level 3).  Food came and it felt like a level 10.  Told the waitress that this was a lot spicier than I've ever had and she said I should have asked her about the peppers.  She went on to explain that the peppers are new every two days and sometimes they can be extremely spicy and sometimes not.  Apparently I got a super spicy batch.  She did not offer to remake the food, discount the food etc, simply put the blame on me for not asking about the peppers.  Wasn't satisfied how we were treated so I asked a busser who was cleaning off our table if we could speak to a manager.  He went and got the manager and she was the one who was serving us!  Thought about emailing the general manager about our experience, but sharing our experience would be more helpful to other people considering this restaurant.
4	This is a very good restaurant and my favorite in the downtown area.  I go to this place quite frequently -- everything on the menu is very good.  My favorite dish, however, is probably the spicy eggplant.  But, all of the noodle dishes are solid. The enclosed outdoor area at the back of the restaurant is a fun place to sit and to bring visitors.  It's a small restaurant, so there's often a long wait, so plan accordingly.
5	No lie, I love this place.  I have a client downtown & I craft my day so I can come here for lunch.  There have been so many reviews of this place, I won't go too long.* The pork jerky is unique & amazing.  Served with a "pot" of sticky rice, though a lowly appetizer, it is a meal unto itself.  The waterfall beef is just as good, only, it is from a cow...* The Thai Style Wings (with sriracha ranch) are the best wings downtown.  Period.* Their Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles) is the definition of what a spicy noodle dish should be.  Lots of everything: flavor, protein, noodles, & spice.* My recent discovery is the garlic fried rice.  I am big on garlic & this dish is HUGE on flavor.The portions are generous, service at the bar, where I usually sit at lunch or late nights, is always good.  The Thai Iced Coffee is flavorful & strong.The only issue is their popularity.  On weekends, it can be an hour wait, even at midnight.  Chances are, on a Friday late night, I'll be at the bar, wolfing down something while the band is on a break.ENJOY!
4	I was staying at the near-by Golden Nugget and was looking for a Thai place downtown (my old favourite had now closed) so I found this place through the high ratings of fellow yelpers. I was not disappointed. The place is small inside but has an outside area in the back. I had one of the lunch special the Chicken basil which was quite good and spicy as I asked. The presentation was a bit unusual, the rice was at the bottom of the bowl, covered by a layer of chicken and topped with an "over easy" egg with the yoke liquid so it did flow on the other ingredients below. Unusual but good. Under $10 with tips and including a drink so quite a good deal.
4	Introduced to this place by our good friends David and Shondra. The place is very small and even their covered patio wasn't much bigger but where small in size, this place is huge on flavor. It was Saturday night, before six p.m. and there was an hour wait for a table because of reservations. We managed to get a seat at the 'bar' which is a small counter on the patio where there is side by side seating. The food we ordered was awesome and they had a very nice selection of imported beer. I love Singha, the more commonly available Thai beer, but I tried the Lucky Buddha beer from China, which comes in a nice Buddha shaped bottle. It was actually good beer but since I am not a frequent beer drinker, it might have been more to my taste than to others. In any event, I can hardly wait to go back again and try some of the other dishes on the menu. I will make a reservation well in advance this time.The only reason I gave less than five stars is the wait time for a rez but solve that my making one next time.
5	I think Le Thai is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is great, we sat in the main dining room which is small enough to fit maybe 5 or 6 tables and a bar. The beer selection is really neat; they offer so many types of Asian beers. I ordered the Pad Thai at level 3...it was delicious and I overestimate myself! Next time it will be a level 2, but the Pad Thai was so good I couldn't stop eating it! I powered through, runny nose and all. I thoroughly recommend this place to anyone in the downtown area. Also, make sure you check in on Yelp to redeem your free hug!
3	This place seemed really cool. Great atmosphere and location.Ordered the chicken pad see ew level 3 spicy and I couldn't handle it and I'm Mexican.Cool place, tone it down on spicy though. Will try again next time
2	Some disclosure is warranted here: I have very little experience with Thai food and when I have dined at Thai restaurants in the past I always got the same thing, chicken with yellow curry and rice.Day one I had pad see ew with chicken at 3 out of 5 spiciness.  Holy smokes was it pretty tasty but it did smack me in the mouth a bit with the spiciness given my lack of experience with this type of food.  Day two I had the pad kee mao with chicken.  This time I backed the spiciness back down to 2 out of 5 and that was more to my liking.This place is pretty deceiving when you look in.  Over half of the restaurant is outside with a makeshift bamboo roof covering you.  Service is OK, yes just OK on both visits from 2 different waiters.  Kind of slow, kind of boring personality-wise.  Good thing the food almost makes up for it, almost.
5	best Pad thai ive ever had, waiters are all adorable, high energy and on point.Will be back for sure.
4	Le Thai is, without a doubt, the best place to eat on Fremont Street (East AND West). The food is spiced exactly as you want it every time (No surprises from night to night), and the options are many and varied!Do not miss this if you're downtown. I recommend getting a reservation, as this place fills up fast, especially on the weekends.
5	I think this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas after a year of being here. It's a step towards filling the massive "cozy, clean, and unique" restaurant void. It's a small place with very few tables, a tiny bar, and a wonderful little patio that features heat lamps in the winter and cooling in the summer. Ahhhh.Pros- That patio.- The food is authentic, delicious, and actually spicy. I've tried the Pad Thai, the yellow curry, and the three-color curry, and all the appetizers, and I've loved everything.- The price is right; you can get 2 dinners, an appetizer, and 2 beers for about $35, and leave fat, tipsy, and happyCons- Limited size of the restaurant plus their newly "discovered by the mainstream" status means that when they are busy, waits can be long and service can be slow.
4	Don't miss this small intimate gem. Delicious spicy dishes and friendly staff. Prices are very reasonable.
1	One star for not making me sick and having cute decor. This did not taste like real Thai food. I ordered Pad See Ew, tofu soup, and Thai salad. The menu is very limited and has no Papaya Salad. The Pad See Ew was mushy and did not have that signature Thai flavor. The soup was ok the best of the three, but each dish tasted the same. Maybe they ran out of ingredients because it just did not taste like real Thai food. I would not eat here again and that's too bad because I work downtown and love Thai. The other reviews for Le Thai seem fake to me! Komal is still the place to go and actually every other Thai I have tried in town is better.  Oh and the service was lacking. Not a good first impression.
4	Excellent food. Rolled my fat ass out of there pretty full for not a lot of cash. The yellow curry dish was so so good. Went with 2 on the spicy. Should have gone with 3. The wait staff were very friendly and accommodating to our larger party. One of our guys even redeemed a hug coupon with one of the waitresses. I wish we could have gone out on the patio but we were the ones that surprised them with a larger group on short notice. The patio was already pretty full but looked very inviting. We were seated in the front area and even with the door open, the place was quiet enough for us to have normal volume conversation. I'm really hoping to find a place nearly this good up my way.
5	I first read about this place in "Eating Las Vegas- The 50 Essential Restaurants" and was excited to see a place from downtown make the list.  I am a big fan of Thai (Pad Thai specifically) and while I've found a few good places, I haven't found anything which I return to on a normal basis.This place is small, located on East Fremont street in the vicinity of Commonwealth.  Wait was 60 min for a party of 3, but the cool thing is they send you a text with a website to track your place in line, so my party was able to venture off to other places and let the hour fly by.Le Thai has a very downtown feel which is different from other Vegas establishments, the small kitchen is right off the dining area and they have an outdoor section.  The menu is pretty simple and I'd say most if not all of the items were under $15.I had a spring roll and Pad Thai w/ Chicken and it was a very reasonable portion!  The noodles had a bit of spice for ordering mild, but I welcomed it.  For the price and quality of food I felt this place blew Lotus of Siam out of the water and will now become my "go to" Thai place.
5	Have nothing but good things to say about this place. I've only been once, and it was my first time trying Thai food. The restaurant left an excellent first impression. I enjoyed the general vibe and atmosphere and how nice the staff was. The pricing was reasonable, and I would definitely go back.You go Le Thai, you go. \m/
4	When I lived in Vegas this part of downtown was just starting to get redeveloped.  Since I left in 2011, I haven't seen the progress.  So, on a recent trip, I decided to check it out for myself to see what was going on.  I told The Better Half to save her appetite so we could sample some food in the area.  After walking around a bit, we decided to check out this joint.  We ordered:Pad Thai Tofu, $13http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?select=2MDRNsUbJhq1-6P5SzQS6w#2MDRNsUbJhq1-6P5SzQS6wPad See Ew, $13http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/le-thai-las-vegas?select=jwQ2r-YOmMef6Mn9yISnkQ#jwQ2r-YOmMef6Mn9yISnkQThe food came out shortly after we ordered it and we dug into our dishes.  They were very good!  I had the Pad Thai and it had the right combination of sweet and spicy flavors...and they cooked the Tofu just how I ordered it, a little crispy.  Believe it or not, many Thai restaurants can't get that right.  The Better Half enjoyed her Pad See Ew.Our server and the hostess who sat us were very friendly and offered warm smiles despite being very busy with many demanding customers.The only small complaints I have is that the seating in the front room is kind of tight.  We could easily hear the conversations of the tables next to us and the elbow room was less than ideal.  I felt like we had to whisper so that they couldn't hear our conversation.  Also, parking is a bit of a challenge.  You'll have to park at a nearby parking garage or casino and walk here....which isn't too much of a problem if this area is your destination for the evening.Overall, great restaurant.  Glad to see them busy and they appear to be thriving. Return Factor - 92%
4	This place was great, but don't underestimate the spicy scale. I got a 4 out of 5 and nearly died :-P The service was good and the back patio is perfect for a beautiful day.
4	Food here is very good and is different in a cool chic way compared to other Thai restaurants. Atmosphere is what I would expect in NYC, LA and SF, which is refreshing especially for locals who would rather avoid the Strip. I wish there was a branch in the Westside, which would allow me to visit much more often. If you like Thai food, you have to try Le Thai.
5	Not writing or acknowledging the existence of Le Thai while working and living in downtown should be a misdemeanor. This restaurant has filled a need for not just a great Thai restaurant downtown but just a great restaurant downtown. There is not one dish I wouldn't recommend.  My favorite's the Thai salad.Typical lunch crowd consists of table-fuls of Zappos people, talking Downtown projects or lawyers coming up for air from 16.1 discovery.   Night time is a more eclectic assortment of people, unified in their readiness to sample the bar as much as the food.The staff is always nice even when they're busy.  I can easily eat there everyday. But I'm Asian, so eating Asian isn't out of the norm, it's like eating pizza and hamburgers all the time for Americans.  The only competition with the food is the great ambiance.   A late lunch with a good friend can easily turn into a early start on the weekend with drinks.  Life is good here at Le Thai.
5	Le Thai is some of the best Thai food in our humble valley. I have tried most of the dishes and apps, and they range from solid to absolutely delicious. Start with the pork jerky - it is paired up with some rice and an excellent sauce. I have enjoyed every dish on the menu, but I will always favor the curry. The spicy eggplant is also dynamite. The decor is simple, but pleasant, with a small indoor room and a large outdoor area in the back. My only knocks are the service (commonplace for Asian restaurants) and the absence of wine glasses. Still, neither of those digs are enough to warrant anything other than the full five stars.
4	What a delightful and unexpected spot. I don't often get downtown. I need to, but like many locals, I stay on my side of town and hit up a few new places only on occasion. When it comes to Thai food, I stick with the places that know.  I have been disappointed too often in this town, and as a creature of habit, I like to know what I'm getting.  I found Le Thai on the Yelp site when I was looking for a place to meet a friend downtown.  And once again Yelp led me in the right direction. ATMOSPHERE: Love the space. We first sat outside on an warmish March afternoon and were so impressed with how Le Thai made downtown Las Vegas feel like a hip SoCal location. The well designed outside area is small, but it feels miles away from the bustle of Fremont street. Since that first visit, my friend and I have been back a number of times, and have declared this our meet-up spot. The entire downtown scene has changed so much in the past few years that people who haven't trekked past the Fremont Street Experience are missing out on a number of creative and, more importantly, delicious spots downtown.  We keep saying that we will try a new place downtown business, but we continue to be drawn to Le Thai.PARKING: Please don't make the mistake I made on my first visit. Don't drive around looking for shelter in a casino's covered parking area. I had to hike to the restaurant from the Cortez's overflow parking. Instead, find the metered parking on 6th Street. It's pricey and your car will be exposed to the elements. But you will be a few steps from your car when you leave the restaurant.SERVICE: We have never had bad service at Le Thai. Never. The wait staff is warm and helpful. I love that they never rush us. We show up at odd times, so we are not in the middle of their dinner rush. I am sure yo are dealing with a less than enthusiastic crew at those times. But show up at 3:00 on a Wednesday afternoon and you will be treated with courtesy and kindness. I hate asking what I know are silly questions about the menu, but the servers are patient and informative.  Even when there has been a small mistake on an order or a drink has been forgotten, the response is always gracious and apologetic. FOOD: Delicious. I appreciate the simplicity most of all. I like a light touch to my dishes. All of my favorite foods are simply prepared and properly seasoned. Le Thai hits all the right notes.  The food is flavorful and comforting. VIBE: Easy SoCal Chic
4	Amazing food... I love the Thai Style Wings and Pad Thai :)
5	I absolutely love this place... Pad Thai, Thai Style wings, Curries, Pork Jerky with waterfall sauce, Garlic Fry Rice... and Thai tea all are some of my favorites. The inside even though its small its really nice and relaxing environment. I recommend this place to anyone who likes Thai food!!!
4	I was not able to give a 5 star because service was pretty poor .We had a table of 10 and each ordered a different dish. Every one I tried was absolutely phenomenal.This is by far the best Thai food I have had in Las Vegas and the outside seating area had a really neat ambiance to it. Frankly, the wait is worth it.
5	Great pad thai.  Different taste than I've had at other places...but very delicious.  Great spice!
5	At first I was a tad timid about the majority of the restaurant being an outdoor venue in June in Vegas. But, then a wall of mist hit me like a shower of rain pedals. Not an inch of the patio wasn't covered with the cool water. Once I cooled down my appetite set in. The menu offering pad see ew, pad thai, and my favorite - the awesome noodles was one tasty looking dish after another. The awesome noodles are...well...awesome! Essentially, it's delicious noodles soaked in a spicy, soy based sauce, but instead of smaller egg noodles in Pad Thai, they are fatter and wider, oh - did I mention, they are delicious? The appetizers were equally as good as the awesome noodles. LIke the chicken wings: spicy with a crispy skin and accompanied with a spicy sauce of which I have never had the pleasure of tasting. Now - Out of all the things in Vegas, I find myself wanting to return Sin City for the Awesome Noodles.
5	Great short rib fried rice.  The best!! For big party, reserve ahead of time.
5	Had the pad Thai noodles, chicken satay, and eggplant dish. The spicy peanuts and mister made the experience so awesome.
5	YUM YUM YUM! This place is yummy! It is delicious Thai Food with a kick! I love trying different Thai around town and Le Thai has a bit of a different taste! It s a cute place in the heart of Fremont Street! Which makes it nice and convenient to downtown!  Make sure if you are heading down for dinner during the busy times, that you make a reservation! The place can get quite packed!
5	Our favorite restaurant downtown! Simplicity in presentation and environment, out of this world food!
5	We were there again last night and they now only take reservations for large parties which is great since it's so small.  Happy hour is until 6 and the drinks are a real deal with my large Change beer for $5 instead of $9 and premium liquor is on sale as well in addition to some of their speciality drinks and wine. A few appetizers are also on the happy hour menu.  The food is as good as always and we have finally figured out the various spice levels for the entrees we like.  For some reason the ginger fried rice really needs a 4 but the Tom Yum soup is very spicy at a level 2 and the other dishes we usually go with a 3 and they are perfect.  We had a great service from Olivia who is a new server and if you have the option, you should request her she was great.
5	Well then.  Fremont Street and downtown Las Vegas is apparently growing up.  Just a block up from the collection of those classic casinos (Binion's, Four Queens) we see this sleek, practically modern block with craft beer bars, lounges and this Thai restaurant.The space is tiny although frees up a bit in the back area.  The bartender gave us great tips on what and how to order (spice level from 0 to 5, and 1 was already making me sweat).  The appetizer of Thai Pork Jerky was flavorful, although just a touch tougher than I expected.  The waterfall sauce was refreshing.The Short Rib Fried Rice was so good it made me feel zero guilt for indulging in the carbs.  The large serving contained tiny tender pulled short ribs pieces throughout, making every bite luxuriously savory and rich.  It goes right up there with duck fried rice as my favorite Thai creations.  Thanks for making rice so interesting, Thailand!   The alcohol selection is small but quirky - particularly a beer each per Asian country.The price is eminently reasonable for Las Vegas, being in downtown Vegas and all.  Well worth a trip back for me to dine here, and explore the rest of this burgeoning area.
5	Limited Menu, Fun staff and great vibe. Ohhhh... the food? Really good and I dare you to get a level five spice meal!
4	Came in here with a group of friends for a late dinner on a Thursday. There was no wait to get seated even though Downtown Fremont was pretty cracking! Pretty excited to try it out after hearing endless Zappos employees (including Tony) rave about it, so...Food: Luckily I had browsed through Yelp and I'm a huge fan of short rib so I ordered the Short Rib Fried Rice.. BEST DECISION EVER. It was amazing, to say the least. Everyone at my table that tried it said the same. The ratio of rice to short rib to vegetable was on point (get extra veggies!) and there was a good amount of heat in the dish. I also tried the Tri-Color Curry and the Pad Thai but I wasn't as impressed, I've had better in CA. The fried rice was a little pricey (~$15) but well worth it for the first time.Service: Waitress was prompt with the water so that helped when the food took a while to come out. Only issue: bill can be split only 4 ways so it was a hassle exchanging cash amongst our party and some of us ended up paying more than we should have. Environment: Too dark! I could barely see what was in my bowl, but the outside patio area would have been awesome during the day. Overall, the bathroom was clean so not too much to gripe about. Drinks: I was looking forward to trying one of their specialty drinks.. until I saw the prices. Spiked Thai Tea for upwards of $12!? No way, but I guess the 2/5 $ was pretty accurate. Overall: I would definitely come back... for lunch and with cash. Drink were a bit too pricey for me, but the food was awesome!
4	Le Thai is one of our frequent happy hour spots. My boyfriend and I live downtown Las Vegas   and Le Thai is one of our favorites. I always get the waterfall beef its quite delicious;) Great food and good prices.
5	Awesome.   We were looking for good Thai and found this place with yelp.  Highly recommended.  Cant go wrong for the price.  This place is fab.  Go here everytime we visit vegas!   Skip the expensive upscale casino places.  Come support this place.
4	I had been dying to try this place out for a while now because I've read so many great things about it.  Instead of going to First Friday, my friend and I decided to beat the crowd and head to Fremont Street a little early and get some drinks.  To my pleasant surprise, Le Thai was not very busy at all.  The restaurant is quite small with about 4-5 tables inside and a bar seating area that seats about 8 as well as the actual bar that seats about 8.  It also has a back patio that has tables, as well as a front patio section.  It's cute inside, but it was warm.  Granted, it was about 110 outside, the AC was probably having a hard time keeping up.Anyway, our server was nice but not very attentive.  We placed our food order and told him we'd order drinks in a second since we never got a drink menu and had to ask him for it.  He never came back to get our drink order so we asked the SA who dropped off our food and he had to go find him for us.  Also, they dropped off food but never gave us untensils, so we also asked the server when he came to get our drink order.We ordered the waterfall beef, which comes with a side of sticky rice.  Holy YUMMO!  This dish is out of this world.  I could just eat this all day long.  It totally reminds me of food my mom used to make for us growing up.  SO EFFIN BOMB.  It's basically sauteed beef drenched in this lime/fish sauce.  The sauce wasn't very potent so those opposed to fish sauce might still even like it.  I, however, LOVED it and was drenching my sticky rice with it.  We also ordered some Pad Thai to share. On a scale of 1-5 spicy level, I ordered a 2 and it was dang spicy!  Even my friend, who loves spicy, agreed that it was quite spicy.  Despite that, it was freakin' delicious.  It's some of the best pad thai I've ever had.  The food here is off the chain.  I want to go back and try EVERYHING on the menu!  They have larb and I wanna see how authentic it tastes, coming from a family where my mom grew up in Thailand and cooked Thai-style food my entire childhood.  The prices were reasonable as well.
5	Small place.  Kind of a hole-in-the-wall.  Limited seating indoors.  Food is fantastic!  Staff is very friendly.   I will come back here for sure.
4	After two visits, this is definitely our FAVORITE Thai restaurant right now. My first visit was on 04/12/2013 and I was expecting a lot since I read all the raving reviews on Yelp and fortunately, it delivered. We tried their Chicken Pad Thai, 3 Color Curry, and (Minced) Pork Pad Kee Mow. The Pad Thai was honestly not my favorite preparation of this classic dish, but it was still tasty. The 3 Color Curry was so much fun! It's "Le Thai's special blend of red, yellow and green curry and all its vegetables" which includes Bamboo shoot, bell pepper, Thai basil, potato, onion, and carrots in coconut milk. The flavor was obviously unique and well done. I don't care for potatoes in my curry, so next time, I'll stick with my favorite, red curry. Now, the Pad Kee Mow was out of this world. Top 10 favorite dish of all time (I don't have an official Top 10 list, but if I did, it would be on there somewhere). I mean, SOO DELICIOUS! I'm not even a big Pad Kee Mow fan and have never been, so this changed my life.On my second visit (04/21/2013) with friends, we tried the Short Rib Fried Rice (Pulled beef from short rib stir-fried with waterfall sauce, egg, garlic, yellow and green onion, topped with cilantro) and of course, I ordered the Pork Pad Kee Mow again, Thai Salad (Grilled beef or chicken with red and green onion, tomato and cilantro mixed with lime juice and Thai chili), and Green Curry. This trip solidified my love for the place and its Pad Kee Mow. Perfection in a bowl. The salad was okay, not something for me in the flavor department.The restaurant itself is cool, the outside/inside dining is cozy (but loud on weekend nights). Service is just okay. Nothing amazing, but not horrible. The wonderful food more than makes up for it. Honestly, I can't think about anything else but that delicious Pork Pad Kee Mow. Eat it. Oh, and spice levels aren't playing around. I wish I could remember what level I ordered because I definitely need to take it down a notch. I sweated...and it wasn't because of the weather.
3	pretty good not as good as lao thai
1	Just to be honest the one star is for service and first impressions.  Didn't even get a chance to eat here because of the terrible hostess!  Long story short, we walked up to this place, pretty much a hole in the wall, but because of yelp we decided to give it a try.  My group consisted of a 48 y/o (Me) a 40 something two obvious teenagers, a four year old, and lastly my 10 year old.  None of the kids can drink or gamble:)  It's about 107 in the shade, but hey we want the teenagers to try Thai food for the first time.  She looks at all of us and asks for our email and says 30 mins.  ok fine.  45 mins. later we get a text, cool!  Let's eat!  Get there, "Oh you can't go inside because of the kids".  WTF!!!!!!   You want me to eat hot spicy thai food with a four year old in the hot vegas sun!  What a nut cake!.   Needless to say we turned and walked away, never to return.  After reading a few more reviews I could see a bunch of bad service problems and a lot of so so food reviews.  I usually don't take the time to do this, but this was something else.  With all the great asian  food places in Vegas, I'm sure there are some great Thai places I can find.
3	I liked the space - simple, modern, a bar on the right, and some tables up front, and a patio out back.I came in for lunch, and sat at the bar.  Ordered the awesome noodles, spicy level 4.  That spicy level may have been a bit of a mistake - definitely had me sweating, and may have overwhelmed the flavors a bit.  On the other hand, this is one of the few places I been where I ordered something spicy, and didn't feel the need to add more spice.  I think the dish was okay in general, but I was expecting more from the high reviews I'd read.  If the place had wowed me, I would have brought the GF back for dinner (she's a huge pad thai fan), but it just struck me as average.
5	my girlfriends and I always come to le thai. never fails to impress me . food is amazing , and service is equally amazing . I always sit with mike the bartender , he is so attenitive and super adorable :)  GREAT JOB LE THAI
4	Big portions! I shared the pad see ew and beef salad. I asked for mild, and boy was it spicy! Although they messed up our orders a few times, the price can't be beat. Sure, it's annoying when they get your order wrong and then accidentally charge another plate that was never ordered, but hey, it's thai and it's delicious!
5	I loved this place and I will tell you that the heat rating of 3 will still bring tears to my eyes. Good vibe, nice staff and good ole spicy fun in Old Town Vegas. Go out of your way to check this spot out.
3	LOVE le thai... HATE Mercy the server.in fact...if it weren't for Mercy, this would be a 5 star review. This review is based on our second visit and our second time having Mercy as our server...my complaints:-party of 5. at first we were seated indoors but were kindly asked by our original server, Olivia, if she could reseat us outside because they couldn't have underage people inside (where the bar is). understandable. no big deal. MERCY comes out of nowhere, buts into our conversation and makes a snide comment about people shouldn't have their kids out past 10. it was 930. the kid was 15 & dining with his mom. f-off. Olivia takes our order for apps and drinks so the food would be ready at the same time our new table was ready.-Mercy gets short with us as we're finishing apps because we don't know what we want for dinner...why? because we didn't have a chance to look at the menu after we moved tables. f-off.-then we were ignored for about an hour. thai food =spicy. you'd think our server would ask if we wanted any drinks or our water refilled. nope. -Mercy Drops the check without asking if we'd like to order dessert...the ONLY thing we came down there was for their roti dessert. f-off.-we finally decide to close our bill out. ask to split the check in half. so she does. literally. we present 2 cards. she runs BOTH halves of the tab onto ONE card. f-off.ps. i never received my beverage. F-OFF, MERCY!as for my compliments...food is delicious and reasonably priced...actually, pretty cheap compared to other Thai places AND other restaurants in general.we tried the pad Thai, short rib fried rice (get a fried egg on top), Thai style fried rice with beef, 3 color curry, waterfall beef, Thai jerky, and chicken satay summer plate (minus the soda that never came). it was ALL yummy. we ordered everything at a 2 or 3 and it was pretty spicy but still tasty.get the roti. i personally never would have thought to put an omelette on my dessert but it works... puff pastry, nutella, eggs and powdered sugar. super simple and tasty.
5	Great yellow curry, great service and great ambiance.  It's nice to be in Vegas and eat somewhere not super commercial, and not sketchy.
5	WHATTTTTT!!! LE THAI WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE!!! Husband and I always go to commonwealth and we always say we are going to try this place because the smell is intoxicating when you are on the roof. Well, we finally got around to trying it out. The wait was 45 mins, but they have a service that texts you when your table is ready and you can see how many parties are infront of you, VERY COOL. We didn't want to stuff our selves on our first time there since we were going out after. We shared the beef appitizer with the waterfall sauce. SHUT YOUR DIRTY MOUTH LE THAI!!!! How dare you make something so tasty. Every time we go there now we always order extra of this yumminess. For our entree we shared the awesome noodles. They are exactly that, AWESOME. The next time we went I got the awesome noodles again because they were so good the flavors are perfectly balanced with the flavors and textures. Husband got the short rib fried rice, I had a bite or 5, haha, and had to stop myself from taking over his meal. The service is always great, they seem to remember us at this point now, which is always a great feeling. We expect nothing fast when we go because you can't rush greatness!!! The service is the same when it's just the 2 of us and when it has been 8 of us. OH and the price is pretty legit. When it is just the husband and I we spend under $20 when we share and under $30 when we don't.
4	My first time here was by accident, and I was able to get a seat with no problem on a Thursday afternoon. The location is great, sandwiched between the bars and discount stores on Fremont.I had the Three Color Curry, spice level 3. I like my food spicy and this was the perfect level for me. The curry (with pork) was very good, with the sauce being the star and the pork had a supporting role. I sat at the bar and service was pretty quick. There is a happy hour, and I didn't order from that menu. I didn't know they have outdoor seating, and I will have to come back in the cooler months!
3	Cute space in the Fremont East area. The back patio is particularly nice and does have an "I'm eating in SE Asia" feel (it's a good feeling!).For lunch, they have a variety of curries and a few other dishes as specials (comes with rice and a soda). My dining companion and I split a 3 Color Curry with Shrimp and some Chicken Pad Thai. Also got two Thai Iced Teas. The curry, being a lunch special, had a scoop of rice on the bottom. The flavors of the different curries really blended well and complemented the shrimp. The Pad Thai was okay, nothing to write home about. It oddly didn't come with lime, which I usually see with Pad Thai.FYI the massaman curry is *not* gluten free.
4	I went with my brother, for lunch. He was really jazzed about it. He is a foodie and I value his taste, for the most part. I got my Thai favs, whick are chicken satay, pad thai, and tried the tom kha. It was all delicious. It was nice to sit and reminisce about the time my brother broke his finger and came down to, what is known as the Emergency Arts. We were actually looking right at the second level window of his room, where he got operated on. lol, ah yes, good food, good memories, good brother. I recommend Le Thai, any time, but I prefer lunch. I'm happy to see Fremont has places to enjoy yourself, downtown, and not have to be in the thick of the tourists. Great job, Le Thai.
5	Dinner before drinking was the plan but we ended up drinking at Commonwealth before (and after) dinner. Called ahead to make a reservation but they didn't have anything early available, but when we arrived in person they found a spot for us pretty quickly. One of our party members knows people that work there so that helped. I was starving too so I'm glad we got in earlier.Let's see if I remember everything we got: pork jerky, thai chicken wings, pad thai, pad see ew, three color curry, fried rice, drinks. Lots of yummy stuff that was being passed about. My favorite was the pork jerky with the chicken wings coming in second. I don't eat noddles or rice, so nibbling the meat out of those dishes does not really give me a good idea of the dishes, though I remember lots of flavor; I must've been grabbing all the good meat pieces.I think we could've gone a little spicier for our food but the level 3 spiciness wasn't bad.Atmosphere was good too. Cute little place.Shout out to the awesome chef Mike for sending us amazing food! Our server (Dean? I think. Tall guy.) was awesome too and very friendly/attentive. We ordered way too much food for our party of 5 and gave the leftovers to the bouncer at Commonwealth. Good night overall. I would like to go back next time I'm in town.
4	This is my lunch go to.  I have never had a bad meal here and the free hug on check in always gives me a smile. The spice is always right when you pick your level and the ribs over rice is awesome.  I wish there was some more seating space but hey, its downtown, everything is jam packed.    I am not usually a curry fan but they do it right! The staff is always friendly and the restaurant always bustling.
4	It's in a touristy area but it's nothing like eating on the strip. Located on Freemont Street in what is the old strip Le Thai is serving up delicious steaming bowls of Thai noodle goodness. This dish I had was called awesome flat noodles and there is no better way to describe it. The restaurant is small but offers patio and indoor seating with mist outside for those hot desert days. A great beer, wine and cocktail list really round this place off as both a day and night time place to get out of the heat. Our service was friendly and our noodles were, well, awesome! If we had found this place earlier in our trip I am sure we would have eaten here more than once!
4	I was in the downtown area for the day and decided to try this place based on some reviews here. I loved it!My favorite was the pork appetizer with waterfall sauce. The sauce was amazing and the pork was cooked perfectly with a little crispiness to it. My main dish was a ginger beef fried rice. I requested spiciness level 3 and that was good. A decent amount of heat but not overwhelming. My husband had the three color coconut curry with chicken which was also very tasty. The portions were large and the price was very reasonable. 4 beers, 2 apps, 2 main dishes for under $60. They have happy hour specials too. The only negative was the lack of indoor space. There is just a few tables and a bar.  The back patio was nice even on a hot day with misters going, nice atmosphere, but I would rather be inside on a hot day eating spicy food.
4	Thai cuisine is healthy cuisine-no doubt about it. But only in the hands of the good chefs. I get turned off by the commercialization of the cuisine from few over zealous, who are social chefs and part time chefs/owners. To attract the mainstream food lovers who have a sweet tooth, they add palm sugar to every dish to make it blander for the palate. This is akin to putting raisins in an Indian delicacy called Biryani. This practice should be outlawed and the violators put away in some kind of Culinary Prison !Few of the Thai places in this town are overrated by the same crowd who seem to think that Taco Bell has the best Mexican food and Olive Garden has the best Italian food. Now, palm sugar is not only too much sugar but it is from the palm trees and neither the sugar or the oil is healthy since it has the most saturated fat of all oils. But it is cheap which explains the overuse. Authentic food is in the palate of the beholder and not reading reviews or five start ratings. Some chefs have the touch and other don't . This place is small but the food is very authentic and simple. The Pad Thai is delectable just the right amount of spice and crispiness. The location is not the best with problem of parking and safety specially after dark.. I only go during the day time since the location is not the safest after dark. The food is not fusion Thai or some variance,  that is now prevalent in Urban areas to appeal to the Teenyboppers who really have no clue about what the original food tasted like.. Suffice to say this is the  Best Thai Restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	I love Le Thai.Ambiance: Check.Location: Check.Food: CHECK.Drinks: Check.Price: CHECK.Delicious and unpretentious in the burgeoning Fremont East district downtown, Le Thai has a great ,yet simple menu to feed your need for great Thai food.  To-Go Window is super convenient after hitting up the many bars and lounges nearby.  The patio in the back makes you feel like you are in the courtyard of a Bangkok street vendor market.
5	Food was awesome! Nice and spicy as I asked. Lunch specials come with a free soft drink for $8.95. Had 3 curries mixed with lots of veggies on brown rice. Awesome for downtown Las Vegas.
4	We went downtown for the day. It was a trip and decided, based on Yelp reviews to try Le Thai. It is a very young crowd. The restaurant is two rooms. A small dining room and bar when you walk in and then another room in back that is larger. Small amount of tables outside in front. Good beer selection here to go with the food. We had two summer plates which consisted of crispy marinated chicken wings, rice and marinated cucumber salad.Food: 5 stars. Wings were garlicky, nice and crisp and flavorful. Salad was refreshing with your basic jasmine rice. All for $9.00 a piece!! Not bad!Service: was good except I felt like we were getting pushed out for waiting diners.Ambiance: 3 stars. Loud music playing so you had to shout to talk, cramped tables and the place is a bit manic. Not very romantic or relaxing but still good.A nice break from the $$$$ of the strip and the food is the bomb.Will definitely go back.
4	Came to Le Thai at a friends request for dinner and was so glad I did. The food was delicious! We ordered a variety of food and everything was top notch. I typically go for the pad see ewe but opted instead for the awesome noodles with pork. Its the savory cousin to PSE and didn't disappoint, neither did the chicken satay or the curry. Their spice level for me was spot on. I ordered a 3 and it felt appropriately like a 3, not too spicy with just the right amount of kick.Also another dish that is unique to Le Thai is their short rib fried rice. It was absolutely tasty.The atmosphere here is very nice and fits well with that of other restaurants/bars in the downtown area. Their outdoor seating was pleasant with misters that mist intermittently. I will most definitely be back to Le Thai
4	We went here before watching a musical at Smiths Center. Parking wasn't bad when we went. This is located across the street from Insert Coins in Downtown Vegas. They have happy hour from 3-6pm Monday-Friday and Saturday from 11am-4pm which includes pork jerky, wings, chicken satay, waterfall beef and of course, alcohol. They have Stella, Chang, San Miguel beer, vodka, rum, tequila, gin, wine, Spiked Thai Iced Tea and a drink interestingly called Ladyboy Cocktail. Since getting hammered while wearing a dress before Les Miserables might not be such a great idea, I didn't partake in happy hour which means I'd have to come back. I had non-spiked Thai Iced Tea instead.We got Pad Thai with chicken and shrimp spicy 3/5, Garlic Fried Rice with chicken spicy 3/5, Spicy Eggplant with tofu and Short Rib Fried Rice. We finished our meal with an order of Roti.Pad Thai:What I noticed was that it doesn't come with crushed peanuts but it still tastes good. Great flavor. Spicy, lightly salty and sweet - the classic Thai flavor combination. 4/5Garlic Fried Rice:I should have ordered this dish at spicy 2/5 instead. I missed out on the garlic taste and my nose was running. My bad. It's a delicious dish though and I'm sure I would have tasted flavor elevations had my tastebuds not been burned. 4/5Spicy Eggplant:In an attempt to eat something healthy with all the meat and carb dishes we got, we decided to get a veggie dish and add tofu instead of meat. Tasty dish with bell peppers, onion in Thai chili sauce. 3.5/5Short Rib Fried Rice:The best dish we tried. Tender, juicy shreds of mildly sweet short rib...sooo good. I couldn't stop eating this. 5/5Roti:Nutella spread on roti topped with egg drizzled with condensed milk and dusted with powdered sugar. It's sweet but not overly sweet. I love Nutella so I was bound to like this dessert. The fried egg on top cuts the sweetness of the dish. 4/5Great service. They have indoor and outdoor seating. They get real busy by around 6pm. The prices weren't bad.
4	This place I think is a little pricey but the curry was very good.  It is TINY though and doesn't fit a lot of people.  We had to wait forever to be seated - thankfully the food was good enough to make me forget about the wait.  The fried rice with the beef in it was also very good.  Not good for big groups because of the limited space - it didn't seem like it was easy to be seated with you have too big of a group.
1	I have ate here before several times and the food was good, service was alright.Tonight i left a concert early just so i can make it on time to eat here. Website says they close at midnight so we arrived before 11pm...the hostess says were closed but u can order to go and eat outside, really?? BS. Never will return again. False advertisement, rude hostess and very unprofessional.
4	I visited after work on a Friday evening and the food was excellent. I ordered Awesome Flat Noodle with tofu and it was amazing! I love the fact that almost all of the dishes can be made vegetarian. The only negative to the restaurant is the size and our waitress was rushing us so others could be seated. Other than that, service was great, prices were fair, and food was good.
5	Love Le Thai great atmosphere and good food... Best place for Thai food Down Town!
4	Great food.  Great service.  Will come again  when I'm in town
2	I was here a few weeks ago and brought my family from out of town to eat near Fremont... Right off the bat I was greeted by a nice gentlemen and at the hostess stand. We were at in a back patio area which was outdoors and it was really hot out. Roughly 90-95 degree and it just rained. So it was humid too. It was really stuffy in the area, plus all the hot plates goin out and only 2-3 tables open so it was busy. I did not want my family to be eating in that type of environment. I decided to see if we can dine at the front. A new hostess was at the front and while my family was waiting at the front with me while I was asking if we can get served outside... The new hostess with tattoo's on her arm was probably the rudest hostess I've had to deal with in my 13years dining in Vegas. I've worked in f&b since I was a kid. If It wasn't my server Tia doing an awesome job. This would of gotten 1 star. Unless the hostess owns the joint I would of fired her on the spot. I'm a bartender in this town and a GM of a bar. I would not recommend this place to anyone I come across. Shows how important a first impression can ruin a whole meal. Plus the food was mediocre at best.
4	Excellent restaurant in an excellent location.
4	Went to Le Thai yesterday 9/9 for their lunch special. Three color tofu curry was awesome! Partner had the pad prik which was also quite tasty. Great music too. If you're in the area and craving some Thai food definitely stop by.
2	As a previous poster mentioned (date: 7/26/2013 ) this place would have been better, if it weren't for the service.  Basically, if you're not a Hipster here - you might as well forget it.  The food was good, but not extraordinary, I've had much better Thai food. I did like the tofu-options for all the meals, however! (Yes, I am NOT a hipster and I DO eat tofu.....)
4	Get here before noon or you will be stuck watching everyone else eat.  Fantastic food - drunken noodles (Pad Kee Mao) with chicken is great.  It comes with ground chicken - not my favorite - but they will substitute sliced chicken breast.
5	One of my favorite Thai food places in Vegas!
5	Absolutely Delish! Becarful on the spicy scale they know how to do it right. I love just about everything I've eaten here. They deliver in the downtown area when they have enough staff to cover the busy tiny restaurant. Although its small its cozy, clean, indoor/outdoor seating and friendly round of staff.
5	Hidden gem of downtown. I like Thai food but I LOVE LE THAI!!! Everywhere we go my husband compares their curry to Le Thai's. Always busy so plan ahead but worth the wait. No time to wait well call in an order or use the to go window. Some other favs beside the tri-curry, short ribs, fried rice and pad prik. We can't get downtown enough just to come here.
1	Oh Le Thai. I had such high hopes for you. I was hoping my experience would warrant at least a second trip. Alas, twas not meant to be. The problems with my visit began the week before I even arrived. You see, I walked by, as I often do as a downtown employee. I thought to myself... "Oh, what I wouldn't give for some delicious Thai yums." When my group and I asked for a reservation, you told us it would be an hour and a half wait. You took my number. You never called. I thought you may have heard about the 3 day rule and confused my spot on the wait list with a date. Anyway, I decided to give you a second chance.The following week, I got smart. I thought -- big group -- get a reservation. So I did. Group of 6 at noon. You confirmed the day before and again an hour before. At noon, we arrived. You made us wait outside in the 90+ degree heat for 45 minutes. Then, you only could seat 4 of the 6 of us. You asked us to wait at the table standing until the guests next to us (who had JUST gotten their food) left. Wait, what?! You want me to stare at other guests to intimidate them into leaving because you are terrible at restaurant management? You want them to give us dirty looks when you rush them out of their lunch? Then, when I mention to you that we had a noon reservation you tell me "we are busy." Well, shoot. I didn't know places that were busy didn't have to honor reservations. Wait a second.... you know who else is busy, and in fact, way busier than you -- Lotus of Siam. They honor reservations and their food is incredible. Oh and making us eat our food in the heat outside without misters was super bad form, BTW. After this hellish experience, I at least had hopes for the food, which was sadly mehhh at best. I had a rumbly in my tumbly all afternoon from your food. So, Le Thai. I gave you a go. But, I'm breaking up with you. It's not me, it's you. Mediocre food isn't worth a headache. I hope my go-to-Lotus will take me back. But even if it doesn't, I'm still better off without you.
1	I'm a Noodle Freak. I love noodles and I eat noodles almost every day. Unfortunately working in Downtown doesn't give me much options in terms of food.I went to Le Thai once and ordered Awesome Flat Noodle with Shrimp. I really had high hopes because of the great reviews and the $15 price. The portion was so so and the noodles were salty. I wanted to like it, but it was just not good enough and OVERPRICED.3 weeks later, i had my noodle craving and decided to try Le Thai again. I ordered over the phone for take out. The food was ready when I get there and the server was friendly and sweet. (So, my rating is solely based on their food.)I ordered Pad Kee Mow (chicken option, $13) this time. Again, the noodles were so SALTY! I thought my taste buds were too sensitive, so I asked my husband to try the noodles. He thought the noodles were too salty too. The ingredients were nothing to write home about; minced chicken with some veggies. I was so disappointed. If this wasn't a take out, I would have returned it and gave my comment to the chef. My husband's Lunch Special Green Curry was ok. But I had such bad experience with their noodles that I just won't go back.  Sorry, it's you. Hopefully you can improve your noodle dishes soon.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.  I had never had Thai before this year - the man and I have tried a few places around LV to compare, and nothing compares to Le Thai.  My aunt, who loves Thai food, swears it's some of the best she's ever had (and she's not from around here!)The food, the ambiance, the PBR in cans...it's all wonderful.  We've had some amazing service (huge shout-out to the server who convinced me to switch from Pad Thai to the Awesome noodles - BEST SUGGESTION EVER), and we've had some ok service, but the food is always consistent.  I don't get mine very spicy (I'm a "1" on the scale of 1-5), but apparently anything 2+ can range from decently spicy to "melt your face off" (I think that my boyfriend accidentally got a 3.5 one time instead of a 2...it was pretty rough!)Go here.  Just not on the same days I go, please, as I don't like waiting for a table!  :)
5	This is my fourth time here for lunch. It's always great food and great service, for very reasonable prices. Try the three color curry over white rice, it's awesome!
4	Pad Thai was very flavorful and the portion size was perfect. A bit pricey, but the location is probably drives the numbers. Quick and friendly service. I'll definitely be back.
2	Our experience began well enough. Hostess used her phone to manage the list. Quoted 35 min and she would text us. We went off to Walgreens and just generally  walking around the area. Overall,that section of Fremont is much improved. When we got back close to the time, I watched her seat a couple who had checked in after us but was seated at the bar. When I asked about that I was met with an indignant sarcastic remark. I watched others struggle with the seating process as well. Same MO. Confusion,cattiness,poor show to guests.  Yes...you are busy now. Good luck when you are not.This situation could have been alleviated by a few easy words... 'I'm sorry. I made a mistake.I will get you the best table I have next'. Instead, crappy bar seat. Bar shakes constantly. Wait staff lovely and food good.  Really would have loved to spend my whole time raving about them but the seating process and attitude I was met with were a total turn off.Stick w Lotus of Siam. Their seating process is fair and lacks the drama of le thai's.  their food is better too. Advise to call ahead.
5	Delicious and nice interior. The prices are super reasonable too. It's nice to get away from the craziness to some great food and a relaxing vibe. I had the Larb salad and the curry and they were both delicious!
3	Its solid Thai, solid. But three stars (really 2 and 1/2) because the last two times the waterfall beef tastes boiled and had that iron-y taste that bad meat cuts have and the sauce seems different. Sorry guys. It has become tough for business lunch because so many other professionals there. The curries and the panang are great. Atmosphere is more of a non-professional vibe to be more comfortable. I go to a lot of business lunches there, but frankly, the close quarters make me always feel like our conversation is being listened to. So social lunches good- business lunches not so much.I met the owner once at the bar with my wife late nite and had a great experience, really good times, but need to up the execution.sorry, this has been one of my stalwarts and needs a bit of a re-dedication, to me at least.
4	We had an incredibly fresh and authentic Thai experience at Le Thai!  My favorite dish is the short rib fried rice but you can't miss on this menu- every dish is a winner!  It is one of my favorites despite the drive from Summerlin!  Give it a shot for lunch or dinner- you will love it!
3	A friend and I stopped in for a late lunch based on previous reviews. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would have been, given the that it was still close to lunch time. The back patio was decently full; however, other than three people at the bar, we were the only ones inside. . I'm a go- to pad thai'er but our waitress said they could only make the drunken noodles vegan/vegetarian. No worries... BUT, as one previous reviewer mentioned.... they were soooo salty! The vegetable spring rolls were pretty excellent though. Overall, it was decent for the area, and everyone working was nice and accommodating, but nothing extraordinary.
5	Wow, great Thai food and several $8.95 lunch specials to choose from. Service was quick and attentive, will definitely be back!
4	4.5 StarsMy buddy had been raving about this place non-stop while we were in DTLV, he was getting me all excited too so I knew I was going here before we left no matter what it took!We ended up going on Saturday night at 8pm with a big group, we did have a reservation. We got there a big early and we got some cocktails, which we were planning on doing anyhow. I ended up getting a "Ladyboy" which was pretty funny name for a drink at a thai place. It was good and interesting, kind of like a Thai mule style drink. So we had to wait a long time to get seated, to order, to get the food, to get the check etc etc. And that's why this place isn't getting 5 Stars because the food is ridiculously good! And I'm giving them 4.5 because it's pretty obvious it's a small place that just can't handle huge parties. We ordered some appetizers, the pork jerky was great and the sauce it came with paired really well with it. I think we probably ordered almost everything on the menu because our group was so big, everything I tried was really really good! But my favorites were the Short Rib Fried Rice and the Awesome Noodles with beef.This place is a great example of what they are trying to do DTLV to revitalize the area, I will definitely be back.MY GO-TO: I don't think you can go wrong here... But I would get the Pork Jerky, Short Rib Fried Rice and Awesome Noodles!
3	Spice level is not consistant. Ordered a 4 the first time ate it easily so next time I got a 5 since the 4 was a piece of cake.... waaaay hot! This time I ordered a 3 which tastes like 4.5....wtf? Not sure what the issue is but wish that is was at least close to consistant.
5	Obsessed w this place. Best thai food in Vegas. Love their pad thai!! Service is quick, super friendly. I just wish they delivered! Still getting 5 stars tho! It's worth the travel to downtown to go to this place!
5	I definitely like Thai food and was thoroughly impressed. The level 3 spicy got me sweating and my nose running. We had the 3 Color Curry and some Spring Rolls. With beer for my colleagues and soda for myself we had a bill of $36 with tip. It would b easy to order too much, so you may need to do this in multiple visits.
5	Great selection of Asian beers including ales. Fantastic food. Probably the best curry I've ever had. Crab rangoons and spring rolls were fantastic. Crispy but not greasy. Highly recommended. The night we were there, there was a punk band playing next store so you could hear the music in the restaurant. Didn't bother us, but might not be the best atmosphere for everyone.
4	Four Words: Short Rib Fried Rice. I have actually had other times on the menu (only when going with a group and sampling everyone's dishes), but really I can only order one thing. Such a great blend of spice and flavor. They have many  other traditional dishes and there are a few hard to find beers offered (Kagawa Snow being my personal fav). Pretty cool ambiance for both dinner and lunch, service is friendly but they do get slammed sometimes.
5	Hands down some of the best Thai I've ever had. I live in Long Beach and I'm so sad I can't get that spare rib fried rice here in Cali. Just delicious!!!!!
5	Ridiculously good food.The place is small, and it may take you a little while to get seated. Wait. It's totally worth it. The three curry chicken was simply outstanding, and I can't wait to try it again. The pad prik is also top notch. Try some of their Asian beers with your meal.Warning: the "medium" setting on their food is usually enough to make your eyeballs sweat, and I love hot food. It's the kind of heat you don't taste right away, but you start to feel soon after. Don't forget to do your Yelp check in. It's a "free hug", and the staff always smiles and gives you one.You have to try this place.
5	I appreciate simple menus. Get anything it all tastes good. You need to eat before you hit any one of the surrounding businesses for your own safety lol.
4	Cool laid back place
4	Le Thai offers solid Thai food with a nice beer garden atmosphere in down town Las Vegas. My favorite offering on the menu is the waterfall beef and sticky rice which you can order discounted on the happy hour menu. This place is notable because you can have a nice beerlao! This is the number one national product of Laos. If Thai people are proud and speak highly of their king, Lao people share the same reverence for their beer.If it isn't happy hour I order the ga pow, Thai chicken basil.  Ahroy maak!
4	Great food, great atmosphere, slow service. I came here with some friends on my last night in Vegas. We figured we could eat dinner before we catches our plane back home. We ended up waiting 1hr for a table (they don't take reservations for smaller parties), around 15 minutes to order, and another 40 minutes to get our food. The food was delicious when it finally arrived. I would come here again but not on a rushed schedule.
1	Where to start , I called for my birthday to make reservations for a party of 6 and was told by the rude hostess  that I couldn't get my party in until 1030 As they had other big tables that night I said that would be fine as we were gonna be dtown anyways. We showed up on time and told the again rude hostess that we had one more she told me we would then have to wait for another table to open up I replied we had one more and a few weren't even eating we could squeeze them in she told me no and with a bad attitude told me I could juSt talk to her manager if I didn't like it I told her I would the manager came up already with the same bad attitude as the hostess and told us to bad. I told her also some weren't eating and we could squeeze them she said no so when asked how long we would have to wait she told me well I don't know with a face like I was stupid for asking. I told them I didn't want the tAble and would take my party of 8else where. To bad we drink and would of spent money a loss on their part
5	I had never had Thai food before, so I can't comment on the quality of food besides the fact that they literally had the best Chicken Fried Rice I have ever eaten. Absolutely delicious. The atmosphere was very cool and hipster-y. A great place to catch up with friends. The service was also excellent. I would definitely go back just for that amazing fried rice!!! This would also be a great place for a date.
5	My favorite lunch spot downtown. I've tried almost everything, and i recommend the waterfall beef, thai wings, shortrib fried rice, tom kha soup, and chicken satay.. I'll report back after trying the curries! Excellent selection of beers, wines, and hot teas as well.. thai iced tea is superb
4	Love Le Thai if you're downtown Las Vegas it's one of the best places to try and eat...I recommend the waterfall beef, short rib fried rice, 3-color curry, and of course the roti for dessert.
5	This place smelled so delicious when my friend and I walked in we had to stop, and I'm certainly glad we did. The bartender was great, super friendly, and very attentive. We told her it was our first time and she made recommendations for us. We had the pork jerky with sticky rice and waterfall sauce. I'm wishing I could have more right now!! Definitely highly recommend!! Then we ordered the beef pad Thai, it was perfect. This will definitely be a repeat place I visit when I go to Las Vegas. Again the service was great, unfortunately I don't remember my bartenders name, but she had  "plum" colored hair (sort of?) and a left arm sleeve. Place had a cool laid back vibe, the inside portion is a little bit small, but even if it's full order to go!!
5	Solid Thai food ... great drinks ... super cozy space, great for catching up with friends ... very friendly staff ... def couldn't ask for more! Love this place.
4	Delicious!A thirty minute wait on a Friday night but that's to be expected. Place is small but nice. Service was great! They text you when your table is ready which is a cool option. Would definitely come again!
5	If you like Lotus of Siam, you'll enjoy Le Thai.  We went mid afternoon to miss the crowds.  Food was awesome and very reasonable - $8.95 lunch specials.  We ordered #2 on spice index after reading other reviews and it was the perfect heat.
5	Yum....my new Thai favorite in LV.  Small cozy place, service was great and friendly.The best Tom Ka soup I have had.  Ordered the green curry and awesome noodles....excellent.  Ordered the beef thai salad with a 4 hotness level.  It was way too hot, but that was my fault.    Go easy on the hotness level because it is HOT.  But, ohhhhh so good.    We will definitely be back!
5	This place was recommended to us by a family member. Our first experience was for my step daughter's birthday. We had several appetizers which included the wings and spring rolls. We had the tom yum, garlic fried rice and pad thai. All of the food we had was EXCELLENT!!! I specially like that you have an option of getting tofu with any of the entrees. If you like ginger we strongly recommend the ginger soda. They also send you a text message when your table is ready. This is our go to place for thai food. The service is great too.
5	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for the first time I always like to eat at places that are unique to the place I am visiting. First we had a drink at a lounge called vanguard and the mixologist recommended Le Thai to us. The service was great and the food was the best Thai I have had in a long time. I would also recommend vanguard very nice eclectic bar/lounge. Great experience at both establishments.
1	I have been to Le Thai on numbers occasions.  I wanted to go there tonight with a few friends.  I looked up their number on their website but had to visit yelp for the number because they didn't list it on their site?  When I called, I received the VM stating to call back or email them.  I sent an email requesting a reservation for 4 ppl.  The nice lady called me back stating reservations are only taken for larger groups.  Normally I wouldn't care but it is 40 degrees and a Wednesday.  I'm officially turned off by this policy and will maybe revisit if this changes but until then a customer has been lost.
2	What the heezy happened in this joint? I walked into Le Thai pumped for Penang last night but I walked out of Le Thai-me Is Money shaking my head.After slinging back some cocktails at the Mob Bar with a few home fries, we trekked over to Le Thai for a pad thai party. We were sat right away on the covered patio outside, at which we proceeded to wait. And wait. And wait. What's a girl gotta do to get some agua around here when she's dehydrated from the drinking? Wait, I guess. Our server later came around to take drink orders, and while the same people who complained about the cold opted for ICED Thai tea, I asked for a glass of hot water. The teas came by, but lo and behold, no water - is this because we're having conservation issues? No matter - I waved down a busser who came by right away with the missing goods.Our roster consisted of Thai style wings, Thai beef noodle soup, Penang curry with brown rice, tom yum soup, and short rib fried rice. The food was actually really good, which was enhanced by the cold weather and my declining buzz. Plus, the soup was so perfect in the cold, until we realized that was it - we were sitting IN THE COLD, and only 1 of the 3 heat lamps were on. We asked a staff member if we could turn on the extra heat lamps, and we were shut down, being told that heat lamps actually weren't even really allowed, given the cover on the patio and all. As we watched the last of the heat lamps die out though, he refilled the lamp as if to do us a favor. The curry came out with white rice which was frustrating if it hadn't been for another employee who pitched in yet again, but it wasn't anything compared to the irritation we harbored when we went to pay the check and were told they could only make four transactions total after we had calculated the payment for six people. One of us opted to pay with cash, and the change was rounded up because they did not carry change - I'm not sure if this was just the server, or the restaurant as a whole, but either way, it doesn't seem to make much business CENTS. I've never had much of an issue with the food here, but the service is just such a hit or miss ALL THE TIME, with it being more of a miss lately. I feel like I'm throwing the place under the bus, but I suppose this is the same disappointment my parents felt when I told them I wasn't going to be pre-med, and they've managed to move on.
5	Love this place! Will be back many times. Had Tom Kah and it was the best I've had in Vegas. The service is good. We never had to wait long for anything. Make sure you are willing to sit anywhere including the bar. This place gets busy and isn't a place for a quiet date night but a great way to start your night on the town.
2	Never again. The  inconsistencies are too frequent and the price is too high.- chicken is once again reheated and not cooked to order.- service is hit or miss.- for the silly high prices ($13-15) for a dish that is $9 anywhere else, you would think they could afford good plates. Everything is cheap plastic and it shows.This is embarrassing for Thai food and the downtown movement in general. There is no pride here.
5	Everytime I come here I have to eat the short rib fried rice. It is awesome! Service is great too!!
1	So lame that they don't take reservations for parties less than 6 people...seriously?  Drove across town to find a hour wait for 4 ppl.  Good food, but not worth that long of a wait when there are so many other options downtown.  Say it with me...Open Table.
5	Beef noodle! Get it at a 3. Perfect blend of kick and flavor. Fantastic place, the smell drew us in and the people working there are beyond friendly. They will help you pick out the best meal for you depending on what you tell them.
5	I could literally eat here everyday. Hands down the best thai food I've had in Vegas so far. The proportions are great size and everything on the menu is extremely affordable. A few of my favorites are the thai style wings with sriracha ranch dipping sauce, awesome noodles and the thai style fried rice. I've never had a bad meal from here and highly recommend le thai!
4	AMBIANCE: 5 - this place smelled really delicious from the outside! as for the inside, I would describe this restaurant as "hipster Thai" with a little bit of quirky mixed in! it's a little small, but boy is it warm inside during the winter!!! SERVICE: 3 - the service was a bit on the slow side, and they asked us if we had ever been there before but failed to really explain the dishes or tell us anything special about the food FOOD: the food was very good! you can tell they cook a lot of their dishes in a really unique way! out of the curries and noodles I tasted, I really loved the pad see ewe! I got it in a 2 or 3 on the spice level! next time, I wanna try their drinks because they have funny names lmao ! :P
4	I have never eaten Thai food before so my first experience was a good one :)
4	After having tried the slop they try to pass off as Red Beef Curry at Komol, I'm giving this place an extra star for their delicious food. Apparently Le Thai is as good as it gets when it comes to Thai food in Las Vegas. Well prepared, well seasoned, and alway tasty, you will never be unhappy with an order from Le Thai!
2	Don't get me wrong the food here is amazing... Too bad the service ruins that. Came here on a repeat visit, sat at the bar, ordered food and waited, and waited, and oh waited. Asked the bartender how much longer for our food, mind you that all around us got their food. A man came in sat next to us for a take out order and got it and left, while we are sitting and still waiting for our order. Bartender comes up and says "oh the wifi wasn't working so the order didn't go through" really sir? U couldnt check in the back to see how our order is coming along about a half hour ago? The food can be amazing in a restaurant but bad service definitely can ruin a persons experience and even make u have a dislike for the food itself. I'm very understanding if u explain the situation. But it def was not handled right... So thank u tall male curly haired bartender for the worst experience ever.
5	I loved everything about this place, the people were super nice and helpful.  I don't drink a lot of sake so they helped up with choosing one that we'd like.  The food is awesome, great spice and cooked to perfection.  I can't wait to go again!
5	Best Thai food in Las Vegas! The food is consistently good, and ingredients are always fresh. My favorite thing on the menu is definitely the short rib fried rice, but the awesome noodles are a close second.  The portions are big too, so you can always save some for later!
4	Fun atmosphere and very good food!
5	Wow. Just wow. I didn't expect to have good, genuine food in Las Vegas, but if you get away from the strip and go downtown, you can find Le Thai.Not only is it a cool, casual atmosphere, but the server is friendly and laid-back. They have a check-in deal for one free hug. Thought that was legit. Need to go back and redeem at some point.Went with some folks I had basically just met, and we ordered a number of dishes and just shared. Everything was soooo good. I couldn't believe it. Not much else to say. If you live there, go there. If you visit Vegas, and need to get away from the lights and the solicitors, then this is a great area and a great restaurant.
3	So this place has a ridiculous amount of reviews but I felt the need to throw in my two cents. As the only thai restaurant on Fremont, this place is good. It's actually probably one of the few good places to eat (for now) on E. Fremont. Their curry is actually pretty good, but the rice and noodle dishes are inconsistent from sweet to salty and it always seems like they oversaturate these plates with oil. Plenty of amazing things to try BUT with that being said this place is so ridiculously overhyped. I don't know if it's the drunk Roberto's effect or the "wow Panda Express is the best Chinese food" type. Yes this place is a must try...if you're on Fremont. But for those that have said it is the best or one of the best thai places in the city please smack the kool-aid out fo your hand and get out more. This place does not even warrant top five consideration in Las Vegas (lotus of siam, archi's, weera's, Thai style noodle house, even Pin Kaow) and that's excluding four amazing thai restaurants in Henderson. It is good, but anyone that tells you it is the best thai in the city, take it with a grain of salt.
5	Absolutely love this place!! The drunken noodles are to die. The papaya salad is so refreshing and crisp. The service here has always been great. I adore the decor and ambiance. The mural in the outside dining area is beautiful. I recommend everyone try out Le Thai, you will not be disappointed!!
5	Awesome Noodles!!! Best thing on the menu!! One of the few spots in Vegas that you can actually grab a Singha Beer.  Location and hours couldn't be better!  I wish that they had some sort of online reservation process, so I wouldn't have to leave the bar to check the wait times as this place is always busy!
4	This place was pretty awesome. Small but cool. Got some good pad thai and sake. Get the sake in the can, it'll knock you on your butt! Very cool atmosphere in downtown Las Vegas. I would definitely recommend it.
4	Le Thai is a cute little place...the pad thai was not seasoned well (too salty)  but the spice was good (not too hot).  Love the ambience - indoor/outdoor seating was really unique.  No wifi was disappointing.
4	This is a nice little hole in the wall Thai place on Fremont Street, just a block away from where the street starts becoming really touristy.  The outside of this restaurant is a little too inconspicuous.  I walked by this place twice while looking for it.  There needs to be a little more signage outside.One of the cool things about this restaurant are the dining options.  There's a walk-up window for people who want to get take out, or want to sit outside and do a little people watching while they're eating or just waiting for their order to be ready.  If you decide to eat inside the restaurant, you have the choice to sit indoors in an area right between the bar and the kitchen, or continue walking further into an outdoor area.  The waitresses here are extremely friendly.I forgot the name of the item I ordered, but it was really good.  It was tofu and vegetables.  They asked me how spicy I wanted my food on a scale of 1-5, and I said 4.  The waitress said "Are you sure?  That's pretty spicy.  Once it's made, we can't change it."  I assured her I could handle it.  I was able to get through my meal, but not without having to blow my nose a bunch of times because the spice level had my sinuses going.  My eyes were tearing up and my ears were on fire, but it was worth it.  I think I paid $11 for my food, which is a good deal.  The portions are quite large. I'm always on the lookout for good Thai restaurants, and this is definitely a good one.  If you're in this part of town and looking for a nice place to eat lunch or dinner, or if you just want hassle-free take out, this is the place for you.
3	One of the few places worth eating at near Fremont, but that's not saying much.Food is over-priced.  Regardless, it tastes pretty good.  Not the best Thai in Vegas, and definitely better deals out there, but if you're in the area, it's worth checking out.Food is spicier than you'd expect if you're familiar with other Thai restaurants.  Be cautious.  Hostess service is a bit rude.  Servers and bartenders are accommodating, though.
3	I have eaten here several times, and enjoyed it.Today I went for lunch & ordered the Tom Yum soup for the first time.  I asked the server for mild spice, number  one, and held up one finger.The soup was so incredibly  spiced that I kept tearing & gagging.  Finally, I just stopped eating.The smiling server came by & asked how the soup tasted.  I told him that it was over spiced .  He replied, " We'll, it is hot to begin with, and then when you order  level three, that's what you get."I just paid my bill & left.  Yes, I left a tip.Will I go back?  Yep.  Probably tomorrow!  It's a nice place.  Next time I will write my order & hand it to the server.
3	Don't hesitate to stop in to Le Thai if you're in the area!Le Thai is popular Thai restaurant in the heart of East Fremont.  The staff is wonderfully friendly...even when they are slammed...what else would you expect from a place with the visionary prowess to offer free hugs with a Yelp Check-in?  Most of their dishes are above average.  I usually go with curry dishes when I'm here because there noodles are a little less consistent and have been over cooked a couple of times.  The bottom line for me is that you are paying a little more because of the location, but there is not a single item I have tried that I don't enjoy more at another Thai restaurant in town.  The food is certainly good enough for me to stop in if I am on East Fremont though.They have an enclosed patio in the back that is delightful when the weather is nice and heated well during colder times...avoid it in the summer though.  The shade is not enough to keep the temps down.Come here if you're on East Fremont and in the mood for Thai.Come here if you have had too much to drink and need a bite while you sober up...their hours are certainly accommodating to the drinking crowd.Come here when you are lonely and need to cash in on the free hug!
5	The service is great! The food is awesome! The beer selection is - well, c'mon they have San Miguel beer. Order the short rib fried rice. It will change your life. I wish they had lunch specials.
3	I heard all my friends raving about how fabulous this place is. It is very small and very difficult to get a table so it is kind of exclusive. But is it worth the trouble to get there and get seated? I went with a group early and managed to get a table outside in winter but they had radiant heaters so aside from the food getting cold quickly it was mostly comfortable. It is family style and we all sampled most of the popular menu items. The Drunken Noodles are amazing and unique. Aside from that one dish I found the food very ordinary and boring. Can't understand why everyone was raving. There are far better choices around town with one nearby to this place (Lotus of Siam) being vastly superior (actually Lotus is superior to most places) but there are lots better than Le Thai. If you go try the drunken noodles.
4	This was good Thai food, but pretty greasy compared to other Thai places I've been to. I recommend the Tom Yum Soup.
1	I was referred to the restaurant by a friend and the food was very disappointing. The chicken in the 3 color curry was dry. The tofu in the mixed vegetables was deep friend and very dry as well. The short rib fried rice sig dish was presented like dog food in a bowl.  Plastic bowls and cheap plastic plates. I don't recommend this place for Thai food. The potatoes in the curry dish were hard and uncooked, they were not edible.  With a party of 9 and although the server was polite we were kicked out by a Manager suddenly because the table we were sitting at was promised to another large party which we were not previously informed of. We literally had food in our mouth when we were told we needed to leave. This employee was very rude and short and simply did not care.  Save your money and time and go elsewhere.
3	I love the food here but they have to figure something out about the speed and turn oved rate. We waited minutes for food and waited another 40 for the food tp come out. It's not a big restaurant so it should not take them this long
3	I was looking for a place that provided a good vegan option, and my friends and I all wanted something on the inexpensive side.They seated us at the edge of the room where the entire wall is partially open to the bitter cold outside (so your head is warm, but your legs are freezing). Although there were heat lamps, the walls were just counter-intuitive. I ordered the vegan curry, which I was very excited to see on the menu, AND with an option of chicken, beef, pork, or tofu. Now of course, I assumed this would be VEGAN, FAUX chicken/beef/pork, because why in the world would someone offer REAL MEAT with VEGAN curry?? Especially since I explicitly told the waitress that I didn't eat meat. So I ordered the vegan curry- chicken. Although my friend didn't like it, I thought the curry tasted fine.. until I started chewing on the meat which tasted like blood/iron and sinew so I asked the waitress who, only AFTER I ordered and tried it, let me know that it's NOT vegan. All four of us at the table were completely dumbfounded as to why anyone would offer "Vegan Curry" on the menu to have non-vegan meat in it?? And to not even be clear about that?? And when the waitress was told that the particular customer doesn't eat meat?? IMAGINE THAT. I don't get disturbed easily, but I was very disturbed after biting into flesh after being vegetarian for 7 years. That was $13 down the drain for me.I'm grudgingly giving 3 stars because my friends did enjoy their beef fried rice, and maybe the waitress had a long day. But all in all, what a ridiculously counter-intuitive place.
5	Love this place. The hours are great too! The awesome noodles are exactly that! My boyfriend always gets the wings too and loved them.
5	I really like this place. They have a great lunch menu where you can get just about anything for $8.95. They've got a nice outdoor seating area that's always pleasant. The is courteous, friendly and efficient. I've eaten here 3 times now, had something different everytime and every meal was Tasty. Personally I would recommend trying their wings, even as a quick light bite meal. That's what I did this last time and they were Bomb!!
4	We visited Le Thai for a bday dinner on 2/11/14. Aside from having a reservation for 12 and still having to wait for 15 minutes,  the food and service were excellent. We all very much enjoyed the food, the curry was absolutely yummy and the price was extremely reasonable.  For 12 people with drinks our bill was only $170.00 I do not care for restaurants that automatically add gratuity for large parties and was pleased to see that they did not do that. As an industry worker dependent on tips I like to tip more than the average person but when an auto gratuity is added I do not care to bother with the math, unless the service was exceptional!  Definitely a great place to visit for a good time with friends and family. We will be back for more yummy goodness.
4	This is a great little spot to grab some food before going to the bars next door.  The food is always a solid A- and the drinks are really delicious.  I am a bit surprised at the high prices for a downtown spot and especially street style thai food but it gets the job done.
1	Never have I ever had pad thai that was so sour. I shared the dish with my girlfriend and we could not finish it. It was the most unbareable meal I've had in Vegas. Our thai iced tea lacked tea taste and was mostly sweet. Highly don't recommend!
5	On my short weekend stay I ate here twice. The Thai Wings were phenomenal and the Tom Kha ranks up with some of the best I've ever had, and the curry was absolutely perfect. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have any hot sake on their sake menu, but the food was so delicious I can't complain!
4	DELICIOUS!This place is my favorite Thai in Las Vegas.They have great beer, great food and great atmosphere. The place is a bit tiny but they have a little patio as well, which helps a lot at night when it's a mad house. The staff is super friendly, the decor is cool and hipster (including a pretty kick ass mural outside).The prices are not bad, they have plenty of vegetarian choices and pretty delicious desserts as well, my favorite is the sticky rice with fresh mango. Stay away from the nutella crape though, the scrambled eggs on top of nutella are just not a good idea.Definitely looking forward to going back.
3	If you are downtown, and craving Thai food this will do the trick. If you are looking for really good Thai food, this is not the place. It is a hip downtown restaurant, that is a bit over priced and lacks a warm place (In winter) to eat your food. It is really busy, and lacks the touches in the food and ambiance for the price of the food.  It's just  ok.
4	Finally tried it and we had a great time! While I do believe there is better Thai food in Vegas... It was still very good and the ambience was my favorite part. Can't wait to go back.
3	Overpriced Thai food in the heart of Fremont East. Eh. I thought the food was alright. It wasn't anything special. It was obviously Thai food, but for the price? Excessive.Got the chicken satay and short rib fried rice. Good. I enjoyed it. Chicken was cooked well and short rib fried rice has an interesting twist to it.I think I'm hatin on this place cause I live near Chinatown where there are quality equivalent Thai food but for a lesser price.
5	My friend took me here for the first time yesterday..everything was so tasty!! I had the Thai  wings as an appetizer it had the best sauce I ever had...The pad prick was tasty I got spice level 5 cuz I love spicy and am never really intimidated.....let's just say next time I will get a 3!! I will def be returning VERY SOON..the waitress was extremely polite as well
4	Le Thai has become a regular spot on our date nights downtown. Side note: Downtown Vegas is so getting so out of this world awesome!Really..the only downside to this place is that it's rather small and so there's almost always a sizable wait at peak times. I like the service, the decor is not out of this world but always makes me comfortable and the food is solid. The menu is short and sweet and a large number of dishes can be made vegetarian. We like their spring rolls, tom yum soup, ginger fried rice, massaman curry, basil noodles and awesome noodles. The drinks menu is pretty solid with some interesting cocktail concoctions and Asian beer options. I'm a happy camper that Le Thai is here in Vegas and adding to the downtown scene!
5	I love this place!  Ga Pow Chicken and Waterfall Beef are a weekly staple for lunch and I recommend their entire menu to any of my friends.  The staff is great, the music is quite often GOOD EDM (not commercial), the location is perfect, and the food is amazing!I used to herald Lotus of Siam as truly brilliant Thai food but truth be told, I hold Le Thai in higher regards.  I just hope they can grow into a bigger spot.  It's sometimes difficult to get a seat when the Zappos crowd is on lunch break.
1	Yikes!My best friend said that she wanted to eat thai food Downtown before we started our night.. so onto my phone I went and Le Thai in East Fremont seemed to get a nod of approval. It ended up being a 45 minute wait and good thing they had that nifty app to text you when your table is ready because we went exploring. If you know in advance that you will be eating here.. I suggest making a reservation. We got seated at the bar and service was exceptionally slow for being seated right in front. It took another 15 mins to get drinks and 45 mins for our food to come out. Crab Rangoon: Was there even any crab in this? It tasted like I was just eating cream cheese wrapped inside of a fried won ton. Pad See Ewe: My favorite thing to order at Thai restaurants and they butchered it. It came out dark (burnt) and I couldn't even bother eating it after a few bites. Pad Thai: Just no. Noodles were overcooked and ended up being flavorless overall. The good? My friend loved her Lucky Buddha beer for $5.
1	It's sad that once I logged on to leave a review I see the 5 star review I left one year ago for this place. It used to be my favorite until Saturday night. We went for dinner after drinking downtown around 7pm and was told there was a 30min wait and we'll receive a text once our table was ready. We go to a bar to waste time and 45mins later we receive a text so we return. Once we are seated a woman who said she was part owner tells us that the restaurant is "very busy tonight and you'll need to be done within a hour" and she continues to tell us about the table of 14 that's eating and it being a small kitchen. Mind you they weren't slammed. Our waiter takes our order (still no drinks) and it took so long that we had to ask him after 45 mins where it was. We're now sarcastically thinking, "Well does the hour start now since we received our food or what?" We then ask to speak to the manager about the lack of service and the lady comes back over!!! Ugh! We tell her about our experience and remind her of how rude she was to us and she says there's no way she can compensate us in any way. Smh. What's really bad about it is we're locals so when the tourists aren't there who does she think Le Thai is serving?
4	Well this place is cute. Several small seating areas. It's dimly light & feels a little funky- in a good way. I had a lovely, aromatic Mint-Lemongrass tea & Chicken Pad Thai. The noodles were tasty, but didn't knock my socks off. Think I'll try the Panang Curry next time.
5	Check in and get a free hug!!!Make sure to get in before it gets busy and booked ahead this place is thriving!I grabbed the drunkin noodles and loved them!!! The fried rice ain't to bad either!Always getting the Thai tea with a dash of booze can also bring the experience to another level. Any time I've been here I've had to book in, so once booked you'll get a text message from the wait staff.They also have a take out section with a small window at the front of house. Free hugs and great food with drinks that are great, Le Thai is awesome!!OverallPrice: $$Food: 5-5Drink: 4-5Service: 5-5Come back: yes
5	Wonderful food and location! I loved that this place was away from tourists, but still easy to access, just a block down from Fremont Street. We actually had lunch here twice during our stay in Vegas. The place is small and usually there was a line forming as we were leaving, so it's probably best to arrive early.We both got the Awesome Noodle with tofu on our first visit and it was exactly as the name states: awesome! On our second visit, I tried the Panang Curry. It was very good and a pretty large portion size. I recommend the Spiced Thai Iced Tea as well!
4	I have to say this is one of my favorite thai restaurants in LV so far. The Tom Yum soup is good, they can probably cut back on the lemon juice/lemon grass but over all flavorful.  The pad thai is good as well. It's moderately priced considering it's in the heart of down town.
5	My first time in Vegas and I saw this Thai place had good reviews--that's good, because I wouldn't have found it otherwise due to it being a small family-owned restaurant with almost no signage outside the building.If you're expecting a nice fancy Thai restaurant, you may be disappointed. But if you come knowing you're going to get a nice home cooked Thai meal with a simple cozy atmosphere, you will be pleased. We were seated outside for dinner, and they had water sprayers that misted the air to cool you down, so I think the temperature was better than inside.My food was spicy (I'm a whimp) but delicious. We had a grande old time talking to a family seated next to us. It was more than just dinner; Le Thai turned it into an enjoyable evening. :)
4	Great location on Fremont St. Next to Commonwealth.  Seating out front, inside, and out the back patio. There's a service window street side. They offer a lunch portion that comes with a soda just under $10.  The yellow chicken curry was flavorful I enjoyed it. I did not enjoy the sticky rice as much as I would have liked to.  I've had better mango sticky rice elsewhere.  There was plenty on the menu I was interested in, I would come back to try those out.
5	Rhe short rib fried rice is spectacular as well as everything else i've tried. Can be busy so keep in mind. Otherwise has some of the best thai food I've ever eaten.
5	Very good. Saturday night, very busy, one hour wait so I took it to go. Got the short rib fried rice with a fried egg. Better than I was expecting. Would be a local favorite if I was local
1	I'm not impressed with this place. SO many people rave about it and I just don't get it. I've been there 5-6 times and gotten take out 2 times and each time it's the same. Their service is awful,their staff is flat out rude. When I call to make a reservation the hostess' have been incredibly rude. The food is mediocre and somewhat overpriced.
5	My first impression was, "Right in the heart of Fremont St!"This little Thai gem is located within the hustle and bustle of Fremont. Great environment to stop by for a dinner during Vegas trips. The Thai food here is authentic, yet modern and original. Their "Amazing Noodles" are sincerely amazing and a delicious up from the popular Pad Thai dish. A must try is also the Beef Short Rib Fried Rice. It's sweet yet savory and compliments all the other spicy, family style Thai dishes. The Red Curry and Eggplant Tofu was so rich and the sauces had just the right amount of spice (we got medium). As with all Thai restaurants, they're not joking when they say something's spicy so be cautious!I especially loved he outdoor seating with the patio lights and side bar. Perfect place for a Thai tea, Thai beer, and hearty comfort food away from the overplayed chain restaurants.The lasting impression? "A hidden gem off the Strip and a must try in Vegas."
5	The best Thai food I've ever had. No joke.EVER.When I heard there was a 60 minute wait on a Monday night in Downtown, I thought "you gotta be kidding me?"But a large format bottle of sake quickly mollified me.  Besides, you can get anything off the menu from the to-go window outside,  so 15 minutes later I was eating a couple appetizers.  There weren't many vegetarian options, so I ordered spring rolls with GREAT trepidation, because, are spring rolls EVER good?  No!   They are NEVER, EVER good.  They're only occasionally not terrible.  They're like the Thai equivalent of mozzarella sticks.Except at this place.  These weren't just not terrible, they were TERRIFIC.  As in, has every other spring roll I've ever had prior just been deep fried crab grass?  Because THESE were golden, crispy PERFECTION.  They were like MDMA dipped in cocaine served on a silver salver of multiple orgasms.For my main course I had a level 3 yellow curry.  Pretty much my go to order at an unfamiliar Thai restaurant.    Except, now, having eaten their yellow curry, I don't think I will EVER be able to go-to another yellow curry again.  This yellow curry was so fucking amazing that my taste buds will probably go all Norma Rae on my mouth if ever attempt to feed them anything but this sweet, spicy, NECTAR OF THE GODS.The service was likely very good and the decor was probably too, but I really can't say for sure because I spent the next hour basically awash in serotonin and dopamine. They should be handing out cards to this place on the Strip along with those glosssy pictures of strippers and escorts.
5	Make a reservation. Then show up a little early and give the hostess your name and number to text you when your table is ready. Then you can walk around downtown Vegas and enjoy all the very cool things that are around, a couple of very nice brew pubs around the corner. DON"T BE IN A HURRY. She will text you when your table is ready. Yes the restaurant is small, no it isn't fancy. It is just about the best Thai food you will ever eat, EVERYTHING on the menu is great. Everything is fresh. THe short rib fried rice is over the top. You will want to marry the chef.  What a treat after a day or two of the trendy overpriced strip dining halls. Downtown Vegas is a hip trendy place filled with the widest assortment of people. The light show outstanding. A destination in itself.
5	I have been coming to this restaurant with my fiance for as long as its been open, I really still love it! We went the other day and I tried the green curry for the very first time.. I could not believe I have been missing out on this for so long, it was some of the best tasting curry I've ever had and served with deliciously steamed brown basmati rice. The waterfall beef was as delicious as it ever has been, the sticky rice is always just perfectly done, and the Thai iced teas are never too sweet but always a little decadent! I cannot explain how much I absolutely love this place being only blocks from my home!
4	Le Thai Le Thai Le Thai!! I am a huge Thai food fan, I could literally alternate between Thai and Mexican and be super content! Very small place so expect to wait a bit, I suggest making reservations if you can. Everything I have had (pad see ew, soups, chicken wings, chili basil, panang) have all been delicious!! The only negatives I have to add are that the portions are just a little small for the price, but it's all incredibly tasty. When I went there last I had the spiked Thai tea, it wasn't all that great I was expecting it to be ultra super amazing since I'm a huge fan of Thai tea. I would definitely be giving Le Thai 5 stars cause the food is awesome, but I'm taking a star away due to the tad but smaller portions than what the price tags suggest.. It is definitely worth a try if you are a fan of Thai food.
5	Bottom line: Absolutely delicious Thai food.I just happened upon this place while walking down Fremont Street.  My husband and I were welcomed in to sit at the bar.  We had great service and even better food.  I sometimes find Thai food too greasy, but my noodles were fantastic and affordable.  I thought it was the perfect portion for a single meal.  Definitely a must do when we go back to Vegas.
5	Best Thai food I've ever had, hands down. I got the Awesome Noodle with chicken and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't drenched in grease and didn't need a ton of condiments to make it yummy. The chicken wasn't too dry, the shrimp wasn't half cooked, and the noodles weren't too mushy. Definitely worth the 40 minute wait. I also got the Roti, since I'd never heard of it. So delicious! Oh, and the green tea was organic, which makes me feel even better. ;)
5	Cute little place, great if you want to have a nice meal in Vegas without spending big bucks. I also loved the outdoor Patio as someone who hates air conditioning! Nice shady little spot.The waitress was nice, the curry dishes were spicy but in a flavorful rather than burn-your-mouth way. Great spot for a solo meal, date, or hanging out with friends!
5	Le Thai was a wonderful surprise.   We ordered three dishes the pork jerky appetizer, three curry with pork and the pad kee mow with pork  (sp ?) All were kick butt good. We went for 5 on the heat usually 5 of 5 is cool this was serious fire while not destroying the taste the heat lived with the subtlety still there. The pad was not too saucy and had plenty of substance over sauce. The one challenge of the night was the service our original waitress ditched us as work was too heavy for her but the dude in the dread locks took us from her and provided excellent service.   The Paris hot tea made the meal holding the tea on my tongue rereleased the heat OMG was that nice.
5	Love this place!!! I come here every week. Great staff, excellent food, always busy but well worth the wait. Ginger Fried Rice or the Pad See Ewe at a 4 star spice...can't go wrong. Dan the owner is awesome!!!
4	As we walk in, my fiance exclaims "This place must be legit, they have katoys working here." Aside from his comment, this place is legit in terms of food, but not legit for the wait time. So you can call in and put your name on the wait list and they call you or use the NoWait app. I was told and texted 15 min wait, but ended up waiting 30 minutes before I headed over to the restaurant to make sure we weren't being shafted.  Word of advice...we showed up and there were at least 4 open seats for a party of 2....big fail Le Thai.  The chick at the front needs to get on top of it when it comes to texting parties when tables open up. We probably didn't need to wait at all, but we trusted they were going to text us.  Okay, so lesson learned there.  Onto the food, this is what gives them the 4 stars.  We ordered:1. Pork jerky with sticky rice and waterfall sauce: Fried pork that is moist (not like jerky) that is sweet/salty with a citrus dipping (waterfall) sauce, I mean this is close to perfection.  I can probably eat this as a meal by itself!2. Thai wings with sriracha ranch: fish saucy in taste with a hint of sweetness, fried to a dark brown color...the flavor is so intense inside these wings and outside that it definitely does not need the sriracha ranch.  I ate the wings without the sauce and it was amazing, my favorite dish by far! I was upset my fiance didn't sacrifice and give me part of his share of wings.3. Short rib fried rice: this dish may have been over hyped by past reviews, while good, not amazing that I would pay $13 for fried rice again.  It was good fried rice, but maybe a little overly sweet because of the short rib pieces.  It didn't end up being spicy enough to balance out the flavor of the short rib.I will admit I was biased against this place, since I figured it was mediocre Thai food meant for tourists...but it was definitely comparable to the other Thai places in Vegas.  A little bit pricier but that comes with the territory.
3	I really want to love this place but I'm never really impressed. The food is good, just generic thai food, but nothing special. It's also quite pricy for what it is. It's your best bet if you're downtown but aside from that I'd rather make the drive someplace else.
4	Great hole in the wall in the midst of DTLV and always a great end to a crazy pub crawl.  This place definitely has one dope atmosphere!! Although the wait could be ridiculously long at times, I prefer to sit at the back patio especially when the weather is nice out.  With the type of music they play, we always feel as if we're in DTLA every time we eat here.Unfortunately, food quality has gone down since the restaurant first opened.  I used to think this place has the best Thai food in town but has not been the same lately.  We would frequent here for their short rib fried rice and pad Thai.  The last couple of visits, however, has been quite disappointing with the dishes being quite salty.  Nonetheless, this place has great Thai pork jerky that goes great with the sticky rice.  Their curries are also better than other places in the valley.  Just a note, spicy levels go from 1-5 with 4 being barely tolerable and that's coming from a person who eats a lot of fiery food.  As far as desserts, go for either the mango sticky rice, if available, or the roti.Overall, Le Thai has become a local favorite due to its food, ambiance, and service.  Great place for quick lunch/dinner, happy hour, or just to sober up after being really intoxicated.
4	Such a fun downtown spot. Doesn't feel like you're in Las Vegas at all! They have an excellent selection of wine/beer/cocktails and very reasonably priced. Crab rangoons are some of the best I've ever had, perfect cream cheese/crab ratio. Shrimp Pad Thai was a little too heavy on the cilantro for our liking, it really overpowered the dish. There weren't enough peanuts either. Also tried the Garlic Fried Rice with Tofu which was incredible. Spice level 2 was perfect for both of these dishes. Can't wait to go back and try more items!
5	Holy God!On many previous trips to Vegas I have eaten at Lotus of Siam (another fine Vegas Thai establishment) but decided to change things up given my normal dinner hosts were unavailable this night.  Their instructions were simple- go to Le Thai - ask for Puoy (the owner) and enjoy.I followed my instructions and gotta say I was BLOWN AWAY by this food.  The place is a trendy hole in the wall style joint... with outside dining and a really hip ambiance... As we walked in I knew I already liked it- and this was before I ordered the "Waterfall Beef" appetizer.  OH MY GOD this stuff is good.  I seriously want to take a bath in the waterfall sauce (except Im sure it would burn).  After this- I thought there is no way they can outdo themselves with the entrees, but with both the Pad Thai and the "Awesome noodles" (who doesn't love something that has Awesome in the title?) were superb.Take a cool, fun atmosphere-  add in the most amazing flavorful beef entree (perhaps ever?), and great food on top of that and you have some serious "winner winner chicken dinner."  Will definately go back. (maybe tonight?)
5	This is a hidden gem.  The food was awesome!  The place is small,  so we ate at the bar.  Service was great, and the restaurant was well managed.  Everyone was working together, and very pleasant. We were just walking around downtown and hungry,  and decided to give it a try, not really expecting much.  What a surprise when we realized how great it was.  Its not a fancy place, just great food and service!
2	Here's the bad side of success:  Yesterday, we arrvied for lunch and told it was a 45 minute wait.   Today, more than 10 minutes on hold before I could place an order for pickup, then was told it would take 45 minutes to prepare.  so now I'm eating cardboard tasting noodles from some inferior joint.  Le Thai's food is great...but today I'm a hater vecause I couldn't get any.
3	Pretty good food, the rib fried rice.  Unfortunately the curry is too sweet and thick, as if it had not cooked long enoughto allow the flavors to blend.  It's a bit americanized.  However, if you find yourself downtown, it's one of the better choices.  Lotus Siam still reigns supreme in my book.
4	Open your eyes wide when you look for this place because you will probably pass right by it! But This place is pretty darn good. I love me some Thai food. They do have a higher level of spiciness. So if you order a 3, I'm sure your mouth will be watering. I made a mistake and ordered a 6 on my Thai Beef salad & boy did I need extra water. I'm a big Thai beef salad fan &  I don't think they have the very good Thai beef salad. It needs a little less carrots and little more lettuce.They, however, have one of the best Pad Thai in town! Order it as a level 1 & it's perfect! The noodles are cooked very well & not overly cooked where it's soggy and squishy. The location is smack dap on Fremont street next to all the popular bars so it does get pretty busy at night & the wait is pretty intense especially when you are drunk! Sometimes you can tip the guy in the front so he can let you in right away.. Lol! But you didn't hear that from me!
5	Excellent all around from superb service to great awesome tasting food! Love that it's right in middle of downtown, right in the midst of the row of bars. This place tops as one of my fave Thai eats in Vegas!
1	Just waited over an hour to be seated when I was told it was going to be 30 minutes.  Then when asked what was going on I was treated like I was out of line.  Left because there's no way I would give them any of my money for being treated like crap.  They just lost a customer that has a lot of influence here.
4	Great tahi food. I eat here every time I'm in Vegas.  I love their currys and pad Keith mow.  Eat outside if you can get a table it's way nicer. Here is a tip come for lunch they have kick butt specials!
5	Love the Thai food here! The atmosphere is great and wait staff is attentive. I had the Pad Prik with Chicken at a "3" level of spiciness and it has some zing. The lunch menu is plenty filling and comes with a soda. The dinner one is way too muchFood .If I had a fridge and micro in my room I would have brought half of it back. My husband had the Massman Curry with chicken at level 3 and he liked it a lot but said it was a little to spicy for him but good. The second time he had Pad KeeMao at level 2 and said it was good.
1	I have eaten here once in the past and had a fine experience.When my fiance requested that a large group of our friends get together for his birthday for dinner here, I was more than happy to make a reservation. Unfortunately, after the initial reservation I have experienced nothing but problems. I made a reservation three days before, as our party was larger and we wanted to be there on a Saturday night. When making the reservation I waited on hold for a few minutes, but made the reservation easily.Two days later I called back to add one more to our party, and was told that we could not be accommodated at the time that I had made the reservation (6:30). I was told that we would need to move our reservation back a half an hour (at least) and that our group would have to be seated at two separate tables. The hostess apologized, and I proceeded to call the half dozen people that had agreed to join us to inform them of the different time. I was already fairly upset, but figured that I should have paid better attention to the yelp reviews that stated the hosting staff had a hard time doing their jobs. Five minutes before we are about to leave for our new 6:00 pm reservation, I get a call from the same hostess at Le Thai telling us that she has to move our reservation back to the original time! Unbelievable! She said that previous reservations had come in late, so now our table would not be ready (even though she had told me several times over the phone that if we weren't there exactly at 6:00 she would be giving our table away). Absolutely ridiculous. So I now had to, again, scramble to call a bunch of people and apologize for them changing the time! I figured that I would utilize the time waiting to write a yelp review warning others; do not bring a large party to Le Thai. What should have been an enjoyable, low-key birthday celebration instead was turned into a major headache. If we hadn't had a bunch of people planning on getting dinner here with us (and if we had time to make a reservation somewhere else) we would have just cancelled. We will definitely not be back.
3	I wanted to love this place; I really did. But the slow service and so-so food really let me down.We stopped in on a busy Saturday afternoon. We were told the wait would be 15 minutes, and the hostess took our cell number and said she'd call when our table was ready. (This sounded like a great plan!) So we walked around the Fremont East area for awhile and then returned to the restaurant to have a drink at the bar.We told the bartender we were still waiting for a table, and he told us the waitress would get us when our table was ready. Not sure what the disconnect was, but we sat at the bar for more than half an hour while people who came in off the street sat down to eat. (Yes, some of them came in after a phone call, but I watched others who just stepped up and immediately got a table.) I figured we were waiting for a table in the small dining area and not a table in the bar area, and that's why we were still waiting. But, no. When our table was ready, it was a table two feet away from us in the bar area. (Why we couldn't have just sat there initially, I don't know.)We tried to order a bottle of wine while we were waiting, but they were out of our selection. So my husband got a beer and I had a water. When our table was finally ready, we had to cash out at the bar first, which was also kind of annoying. But I still had high hopes, because I had heard the food was great.I love Thai food, and when I go to a new place, I always order shrimp pad thai to gauge it against other restaurants. This one was just so-so, although the portion was large enough that the $15 price tag was somewhat warranted. My husband fared better with his beef short rib fried rice, which I must admit was delicious (and I'm not a fan of short ribs). But it took a LONG time to get our food--as well as the beers that we ordered with it--and our waitress never came back to check on us, so we never got to order a second round of drinks like we had intended.All in all, we spent $50 and an hour and a half for three beers and a mostly forgettable lunch. I hope other diners have a better experience than we did, because the menu showed promise (and the short rib fried rice was nearly worth the wait). But I think next time I'll drive the extra few miles to Lotus of Siam, where I know the food is always excellent, even if I have to wait.
5	As a lover of all food Thai...this place takes the cake for the best I ever had! While at Commonwealth, we smelled something good. I asked the security guard what it could be & he pointed in Le Thai's direction, right next door. We ordered the Thai style wings with sriracha sauce, & pork Pad See Ew. I've had Pad See Ew all over town, & hands down...Le Thai has the best! The noodles had a sweetness to it & they even serve it with a fried egg on top. Something we haven't has anywhere else. The wings were fried perfectly & the sriracha sauce was delicious. Can't wait to go back! Yum!
5	The Fremont East District is slowly turning around.  There are new businesses opening up and some like Le Thai are thriving.  The atmosphere here is laid back cool and the people here are welcoming.  This place also has the second best Phad Thai I've ever had.  To be honest with you,  I had a bowl of it early Thursday afternoon and I almost went back to get more for dinner but I resisted...until lunch the next day.  I seriously couldn't get it off my mind.The food here is great.  $13 will get you a plenty big portion that has that unique mix of flavors I want in Phad Thai.  I ordered the spice level 4 but Ashley the bartender recommended 2 ("mild") out of 5 with some extra chilies on the side.  Long story short, the next day I easily handled the level 4 ("spicy") and the next time I'm going all the way to 5 ("Thai spicy"),I know most people going to downtown Las Vegas usually stay under the protective canopy of The Fremont Street Experience, which is a blast.  But for those adventurous souls that like to step out of the box and explore - you owe it to yourself to stop here and get yourself a bowl of Phad Thai.Tip:  This place is BUSY so be prepared to be on a wait at lunch and dinner times.
4	I like having a consistent Thai spot less then a mile away from me.I was hesitant to order take out from here originally because I didn't know how difficult it would be to park. But there's a 10 min parking area right across the street. I ordered what I normally order when I first try out a Thai restaurant which is the yellow curry. I also ordered the ga pow with sliced chicken. I wasn't a fan of the curry but I thoroughly enjoyed the ga pow with sliced chicken. Unlike other Thai restaurants the chicken here is pretty moist. The fried egg on top of the dish took it to another level and the richness of the egg yolk helped enhance all of the surrounding flavors.
3	The main thing is it's cool to have a local place to eat downtown that's not in a casino. Other than that, it's overpriced ($12-15 for traditional Thai entrees), and the food is solid, but not special. I like what they did with the back patio - the good things about sitting outside without the ugly view of nearby buildings and air conditioners. The front patio is kinda lame since they just put tables outside, literally right on Fremont. My main complaint is the seating. We weeee originally seated at a bar top, only it doesn't look at a bar, it looks at a wall. Plus the dishwasher or something is on the other side, so the bar shakes like crazy. Constantly. Luckily, they honored our request to move to a table because it seems pretty annoying to have to eat there!Probably won't be back...too many other options!
4	The short rib fried rice is amazing.
5	Awesome!!!!!! Be prepared to wait for a table doing busy times, lunch or dinner. Really great food and awesome energy!! Plus the DTP energy is definitely present in there!! Love it!
3	I only give 3 stars because the service wasn't very great.  The waitress literally took my order while standing behind my back and I don't think any of the servers checked on us.  Short Rib fried rice was amazing.  I likes the papaya salad.  Sticky rice was super sticky.  3 color curry was tasty.
3	The food was delicious: crab rangoons, chicken wings, chicken pad see ew, short rib fried rice and red curry pork. The highlight was definitely the short rib fried rice. The service however left much to be desired. We were served food before we got our silverware... Then we were brought 3 forks and one napkin. It was a wait then to ask for more napkins. Drink Refills were scarce as well.
3	Okay, the food is nothing short of amazing, but come on and step up the service! The 45 minute wait didn't bother me since close by there are several bars to grab a beer. They even have an app to check the wait time and get notified when your table is ready. The app is called "no wait" and if you download it, you can see wait times of various restaurants wait times in your area. The food we ordered: Thai chicken wings, crab rangoons, red curry pork, short rib fried rice, and chicken pad see ew. The spice level 4/5 was ordered and it was hot! The wings were small but crispy and tasty. The short rib fried rice came with a runny fried egg on top and it was amazing. The shredded bits of tender meat elevate the rice to another level. The rest of the food was above par as well. Now as for the service.... It was ridiculous how bad it is. We received our appetizers and we still had to utensils. We asked the waiter for some forks and he brought the three of us 3 forks and 1 napkin then jetted off leaving us there laughing. We pondered splitting it in thirds since the chicken wings were nice and greasy lol. It took about 10 minutes for us to flag down a waiter and ask for more. We never got refills on our drinks. It's just sad, I'd give this place five stars if the service was even decent.
5	God I love this place - it's everything I value in a Thai place.  The 3 color curry is the jam.  I usually go for green curry but this one is every bit as satisfying (especially if you amp up the heat) with a whole 'nother level of flavor. Tues night is Mule night (ginger beer drinks on sale) so go w/ a bestie n sit at the bar - perfect!
4	This may just be one of my new favorite lunch spots downtown! Some of the things I love about this place:1. The atmosphere is quaint with a down to earth feeling. You can see the kitchen from the main dining area and the outdoor seating area has a great feel to it. The bamboo is a nice touch!2. Their short rib fried rice was superb. I also love getting a mixed vegetable stir fry with chicken - it sounds simple but the flavor is unreal. Oh, and the peanut sauce they serve with the chicken satay...mmm!!!3. Every time I go there has been a wait, but I assume that is because it has been peak lunch hour. I really don't like waiting around - but this place is awesome because they take your number and text you when your table is ready! (My newest tradition for the longer waits is to go across the street to Park for a quick drink at the bar while I wait). 4. Their lunch special is great if you are in town at the right time. For $9.95 you pick a dish and a drink - great combo. 5. Their portions are perfectly sized. They are not overbearing at all! Not my favorite: 1. The service. I asked several questions about dishes on the menu, but for some reason the server did not understand what I was asking. I also asked for my dish sans mushrooms...low and behold - mushrooms came! Another time my drink never came and the portion size was incorrect. This is something that can be improved on obviously - so it doesn't bring down my overall rating that much!
1	I was really excited to pick up food from here until I was ignored at the takeout window for about 5 minutes. And yes the workers made eye contact with me and carried on. It was nice that the wait was shorter than I was told. Then I got over the not so great service when I got a whiff of the food on my drive back to my hotel. Started eating and the short rib fried rice and chicken wings were ok. Maybe it would've been better had it not been sitting for the 5 minute drive. And the icing on the cake was the nice dead fly on my fried banana. Boo.
4	I know there are a billion other reviews on this place but since I frequent it a lot I figured I would put my two sense in.LOVE: short rib fried rice, thai style chicken wings (AMAZING), and the yellow curry.I also love the ambiance and vibe of the outside seating.HATE: not nearly enough seats and can sometimes lead to crazy wait times.If your into thai food I think this is definitely a place to check out. Especially after a night of hanging out in dtlv
3	I just had the veggie stir fry at #2 spiciness and it was really good. Make sure you order the lunch portion though or you will definitely be in a food comma for a few hours.
4	I came to DTLV to be the DD for my boyfriend. Since I wasn't able to drink, the second best thing to do was to eat (duh). Got myself thai tea and pad see ew. Now, let me get this out, I am Thai and I am very picky with my Thai food. I was raised eating the street food in Bangkok so I know what a plate needs to be authentic. This place is great. I only had one dish, their pad see ew was pretty damn delicious (but then again it's hard to screw up pad see ew). I love the atmosphere and the service was great. I'd definitely come back for their lunch special or something.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in town with Noodle House as a close second.  I would recommend the wings and drunken noodle with short rib (off menu order)  Thai chicken salad looks really good and plan to try that on my next visit.
4	I'm convinced that the hostess says their is a 45 minute wait no matter what. Unless there is an two hour wait. Get your name on the list early. The chicken wings are a great way to start and the pad thai is solid. Dial back your usual spice number. Don't go higher than a 5 unless you are a crazy person. Service is typically solid.
4	What an amazing find in Downtown Las Vegas.  After having 2 babies and the only thing I craved was spicy as hell Thai and eating it for 18 months a few times a week...I would like to think I know good Thai.   Le Thai did not disappoint.  We had the Thai salad with shrimp, chicken wings, fried rice (although I can't remember which one), and the 3 spice curry. The Thai salad was to die for...I've woken up numerous times in the middle of the night licking my lips craving it (nope I'm not even pregnant).   It was spiced with a sriracha dressing that made it spicy and oh so wonderful.  I know the rest of the food was equally as amazing, but the salad stood out the most.I LOVED the outdoor seating.  We were there during the afternoon when it was quiet.  I didn't feel like I was in Vegas. AWESOME!
1	Very disappointed with level of service. Seats were open and I could not sit down. Will never recommend this place to anyone.
5	So happy to have found such a great place to eat on Fremont Street! After eating fast food and pizza for the better half of our Vegas vacation I was determined to find some hearty vegetable packed food. The restaurant itself is fairly small, but they have a patio and bar area which both serve food.  The restaurant is clean and cozy with very friendly and attentive wait staff. The food itself was very good and priced reasonably especially considering how expensive food on the strip is. I had the drunken noodles with tofu (and man do they give you a lot of tofu) which was spicy and delicious. Kendrick P had the awesome noodles which had more of a BBQ taste. Between the two the drunken noodles was the best, especially for all the vegetarians out there.The only downside was the wait time. It took a hair longer than was expected to get our food after we ordered. But overall the food was definitely worth the wait!
4	Great authentic casual dining Thai place. Awesome noodles and short rib fries rice were great!
5	Ordered spicy chicken fried rice, chicken wings and spring rolls, everything was tasty.  Spring rolls were so good we had a second order!  The spicy fried rice, we ordered the spiciest and believe it or not but it was actually spicy.  Usually whenever I order the spiciest, I still have to add more, not in this case.  Also tried the thaijito, I'm not a big drinker but this cocktail was delicious.  We went at dinner time on a weekend and had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. Service was good.  Whenever in Vegas, I will make a b-line straight to this joint!
5	omg I am addicted we moved here alittle over a year ago and this was the first place we ate at on fremont.since then we go as offten as we can service is amazing as always and the food is so fresh and always consistent.also I had to work on my birthday so my husband and kids drove from south west vegas to fremont to get me my birthday dinner and bring it to the palazzo and it was still amazing !!! love this place cant wait to take my friends from ca there next week!!
5	Fantastic Thai fusion. Best Thai we've had in town. Mary's Waterfall best Bloody Mary I've ever had! Everything was delicious, wait staff super friendly and helpful. Definitely try this place next time you're downtown.
5	This is hands down the BEST Thai food in Las Vegas. I usually eat organic food, so eating out doesn't agree with my stomach. However the food here is so clean it doesn't upset my stomach. Everything is cooked to your specification so you chose how spicy you want it. I love the service and ambiance with Reggae music playing in the background. They have happy hour on drinks and appetizers and their prices are very reasonable for the large portions they serve.
5	This is by far my favorite thai place in Vegas! The food is fresh, the staff is so friendly, and the prices are great. I especially enjoy their vegan options and the fact that you can chose your spice level on any dish you order. This is a great little place on Freemont that I would highly recommend to both tourists and locals.
5	This restaurant is amazing! It's the best Thia food I've ever had! The service is amazing and all the staff is very friendly! Spice level is 1-5 and they r serious! Call for reservations they r always busy!!
4	Hands down some of the best Thai food I have ever tasted. Two words: Ga Pow. If you are unsure about what to order, or a first-time Thai'er, try the Ga Pow. The flavor of this dish is wonderful, even with the bell peppers (and I hate bell peppers)! The mango sticky rice is also an amazing dish, and very satisfying. Prices are reasonable, too.On the downside, the place is SMALL so get there early for lunch or dinner, or else suffer a pretty serious wait time. In busy times, the wait service can suffer, but the food more than makes up for it!
2	I came here with a very high expectation, but was very disappointed. Although we didn't have to wait for a table (cuz we choose the bar seats), and the servers were very nice, but the wait for the actual food were absurd (total of at least an hour). And the food weren't that good. We ordered :Thai iced tea-- too sweet, you can't taste the flavor of the teaChicken satay-- decent, all because of the peanut sauce , the chicken is basically tasteless, if you don't dip the sauceAwesome flat noodle--it's a funny dish to me, it got sweet and burn flavor mixedShort rip fried rice--claim as their signature dish, but the pull beef is too salty. Since its too salty, you can't taste anything. I could not finish it.
1	I am not really sure what this place is about.  I have tried now twice to eat here with zero luck.  This Saturday night there were seven of us for dinner.  We were told about an hour wait and were given seats in their waiting area.  We ordered some beers and a bottle of wine and waited...  and waited.... and waited.  Until two hours had passed.  We saw table after table getting seated, parties of two, parties of four.. I finally asked 'Is it possible for you to NOT seat them so we can get a table?  Cause you know a few two tops or a few four tops would accommodate a table for seven.'  This apparently is beyond them.  From the sounds of it they have one table for large parties and unless that specific table is open you are out of luck.  At 11pm we finally got really mad and just went to Hennessy's who seated us immediately and had food on the table promptly.  So we arrived around 8pm and finally left at 11pm.......  CRAZY!  I will never go here again because not only did they not seat us, they acted like we were nuts trying to get into their restaurant with a party of seven.  You are right we were crazy!  Never again.
3	I walked in on a Thursday afternoon around 3 pm.  There was no line and was quickly seated. The waitress was kind and helpful in describing the house specialties.  I was excited to eat here after getting a couple recommendations and seeing the good reviews.Ambiance: I loved the interior and decor.  It's not tacky American Asian restaurant. It has a nice authentic vibe to it.  It's also well-located in the middle of downtown, half a block from the Fremont Street Experience.  Perfect if you don't want to drive and you're staying downtown.I ordered the Awesome Noodles with spicy level 3.  They were good, but not amazing. The spice level was perfect.  If you like the upper level of Medium, then 3 is the way to go.  However, the food was not worth $14! That's pretty expensive for downtown Las Vegas (it's not the Strip, remember).  For that price level, you can expect knock-your-socks-off great Thai in San Francisco, DC, or NYC.  I ordered a Thai iced tea as well, which was fine.  All in all, my tab came to $22.  That's insane for one entree and one non-alcoholic drink at 3 pm on a Thursday.
4	This is my second visit. I brought two friends from BC with me. I had my usual Pad Thai - it was very good .  One friend had brown rice- yes you can get brown rice- and chicken and veggies. Very large serving. She said it was excellent. The other friend had Thai fried rice . He said it was excellent. Service was great. My only complaint  was it was HOT.....we sat outside and it was  very warm.
4	Oh my goodness... this is probably one of my favorite Thai places in Las Vegas. It's not really a hole in wall because everyone knows about it and just how good it is. My first tip make reservations! There's not a lot of seating so when it gets busy (which is usually all the time), the wait can become pretty long! Oh and make sure that most of the party is there or they won't seat you. This can be frustrating but understandable as they are extremely busy at all times. There is a little patio out front which is a great spot to grab a drink while you wait for your table.  Now the food - my favorite dish is the Short Rib Fried Rice... it's like crack. No matter how much I eat of it, it's NEVER enough. Another great dish (as an appetizer) is the Waterfall Beef. The sauce that comes with this dish is to die for. Another great dish is just their Pad Thai. I have also tried a number of other dishes and I am never disappointed. Another tip - when you order the server will inquire how spicy (1-5) you would like your dish. I did a 3 the first time I was there, and I almost died from the spice (and I love spicy food), so be careful. :)If you're downtown - this is a no-brainer, defiantly check this place out. You won't regret it! AND if the wait is too long... order it too go! Usually takes about 15 minutes or so to get everything prepared and it's just as good in your hotel room or at home!
5	Vegas has lost it's superb customer service, which is one of the reasons why I used to come out here so often. This place has changed my mind and has brought me hope. The servers work as a team to accommodate to the customers needs. Not only is the customer service great but the food is delicious. Hands down one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever eaten at! Enjoy!
3	This was my second experience dining here.  I have to say that I was underwhelmed.  It is very small---which is fine, but not when it is 100 degrees and get seated outside...not by choice.  The misters didn't seem to cool us at all and made for a very unpleasant experience.   The Pad Thai was okay, nothing superb and the egg roles were so greasy we could hardly eat them.  The service was good but the quality and price of the food was not impressive.  Maybe I will have to try again...I have heard nothing but great reviews from friends and would like to join on their bandwagon.  This visit was just not the best in any way.
2	Bummed out big time. I came here since day one.I guess they forgot about the peeps that supported them since before they even had the sign outside the front door. Came for a table, not even greeted, didn't even say hello just "there's an hour wait." An hour? I get it but seriously? You can't even say hello, or screw you? Our group left, and all of us, which loved this place, will not be coming back. The people used to be humble and sweet now they think they're way too cool for school.
5	I have dreams about those damned noodles! The flavors, the texture the waitstaff...delicious, delectable,awesome!Sure, the wait is ridiculous. You can get on the list and they'll text you. No shortage of bars within walking distance while you wait. I'm not sure how long a larger group would actually have to wait. It seems like it would take forever. Word of advice, ditch the friends and eat solo if you have to or pick your favorite friend and share the goodness with a table for two.It used to be relatively intimate and nice to have a conversation now, commonwealth is so unbelievably loud, my noodles were shaking to the beat of their bass. The food is worth it, it's ok.I've gone with vegan and vegetarian friends who were perfectly satisfied.In a world with chain restaurants and sauces piled atop mounds of mostly inedible goop, it stands apart with real flavors that taste like food....fantastic food!
5	The awesome noodles are awesome! I could eat them everyday :) definitely a downtown fave.
4	Very small but clean place with vegan options. They give you a choice of spiciness on a scale of 1 - 5 with 5 being the most spicy.  I said "Make it a 10" as it cannot be too spicy for me.  My food came out and it was a 2 at best. Disappointing.  However, the food was delicious and I would definitely go back! The kitchen looked spotless (there is a window to watch them cook) and that is always a big plus for me
5	Remember this is Thai food and for Thai food this is very good.One story tells it all...was at one of the fine hotels on Fremont St once with a woman whose taste in food is persnickety at best and about 3am she turns to me and says- CAN you go down to Le Thai and get some more food, I really enjoyed lunch and would like some more...I laughed and explained it was closed...but they had a new fan...well worth the visit....
5	Le Thai completely exceeded my expectations. It's smack dab in the middle of  Fremont so I couldn't imagine dining here on a Friday or Saturday night but I came here on a weekday afternoon and it was spectacular! I was a little skeptical at first simply based off of the the small size of the restaurant (the outside patio area is huge!) The misters did a great job at keeping us cool. For starters, our server, Trelysa greeted us immediately with water and let us know the happy hour specials. We ordered the Larb Salad and the Pad See Ewe. Both were bursting with flavor and the portions were just right. When dining out, I'm a huge advocate of receiving a great service. Rarely ever even in Vegas where it is a Hospitality hub) does this happen. Le Thai thrives in both food and service. Can't wait to come back and try the other items on the menu!
5	Best chicken satay! Also, the awesome noodles are just that: awesome. Definitely recommend this place. :)
5	Great place in the old downtown area of Las Vegas. Great selection of delicious thai food at great prices. Loved the short rib fried rice, the 3 flavor curry and the drunken noodles. Definitely going back when I get a chance and will take anyone who loves good thai food.
5	I can't believe this place... It's that good! The short rib fried rice is something I never thought I would order but OMG am I glad I did! Easily the best entree on the menu, and in a place this good... That says a lot! Definitely a must for any Thai fan!
4	My sister and I were staying at the Golden Nugget (lucky us) and were looking for a local restaurant for dinner. To our surprise, we found Le Thai tucked away in the middle of Fremont St. We walked in and were seated right away, even though the tiny place was packed. We sat at a counter in the patio section behind the restaurant. It was a cool night, but with heating lamps and a warm bowl of deliciousness, it was quite comfortable.We each ordered a Thai iced tea and a bowl of noodles. The iced tea was comparable to any Thai iced tea I've ever had, nothing amazing, but good. I ordered the awesome noodles with chicken (mostly because of the name) and was very pleased. It was flavorful and filling. My sister got the pad thai which was also very good. We ended up sharing our dishes since they were both so good. Overall, I think I liked the pad thai best, but I'm always a sucker for pad thai anyway.The pricing is a little high for the portions, but not bad. The meal was much better than any of the cheaper options on Fremont Street. And it's Vegas anyway. Earlier in the day we paid twenty bucks for a drink, so fifteen bucks for a bowl of noodles really isn't  bad. The service was OK, but was a little bit slow. It took a while for our orders to be taken and to get our drinks. Overall, this is a nice spot. I'd highly recommend it to anyone stuck in Old Vegas, looking for some quality food.
3	Le Review of Le Thai restaurant.I was here on a hot summer night and I have no idea why I made it worse by ordering spicy soup. I ordered level 3 out of five, being Mexican and used to spicy food I thought 3 would be perfect but when I got my tom yum soup It was so spicy I could hardly enjoy it. Their spice level chart is waay of, it should be 1to 3 instead of 1 to 5 my friend ordered a 4 for his meal and was as hot as mine, so here's a more accurate spiciness chart.....1= medium2= hot3to5= fire!And although I did not enjoy my meal this time due to my taste buds being temporarily injured and not being able to really taste anything else past the chili, the fun atmosphere, the great service from my waiter/waitress, the awesome drinks, and the need to try other items on the menu guarantees a certain Le Return.For now, Le Thai gets 3 stars which is actually 5 if you go by their chart.
2	Warning! More than half their seating is outside. It's Wednesday afternoon on a hot summer day. We walked in and were seated right away.....at the outside patio. Sure it was tolerable (barely) because of the misters but at least ASK if that's ok. The hostess doesn't seem very friendly but that may be because of the heat. Our waitress was friendly but initially forgot our water and later condiments.We were brought a carafe of water and two little bitty glasses.....did I mention it was about 110 degrees out. But the Coke I ordered (because it was included in lunch special) was in a huge glass :/On to the important stuff, the food!Thai crispy wings-delicious! Flavor soaked into the meat. The sauce they serve with it is a mayo base, not that great so at least the wings were good. Panang curry with chicken-average, good but nothing specialBeef and meatball noodle soup-average, good but needs some work.Pad Thai-delicious! Pleasantly surprised :)We ordered everything spicy number 4 out of 5 and they delivered what we expected. We love spicy food!!So food is overall good, service average and atmosphere cramped inside and hot outside (during summer).Probably won't return unless we are in the area and craving Pad Thai.
1	This place blows more than Jenna Jamison. Horrible place, they think they're the shit and they clearly aren't. I wish I could give zero stars.
3	Server was knowledgeable but hostess/manager was extremely rude. Will update after a second attempt.
5	Best thai I've had in vegas. Service was good but I had to beg to get extra spicy.  As a white guy in touristville I understand the caution. But I was literally like you can't burn me and they were like ok ill have them make it a 3 out of 5. I was like whatever ill just use the spice rack. Great prices awesome authentic thai. I'll be back.
4	Le Thai is a slightly overpriced Thai restaurant that gets my vote based on their G-O-R-G-E-O-U-S patio outside.  I love that patio because it's covered, shady, and makes you feel like you're in a little oasis in the middle of downtown Vegas.As I said, when you're used to going to places like Archie's Thai or Pan Asia, the sticker price here is a little, "Ahhh!" but it is very good Thai food.  My favorite dish is the Three Color Curry which mixes red, yellow, and green.  Have you ever thought, "Man, I could really go for some red curry right now, but I want potatoes in it like yellow curry."  Well, Three Color Curry is the best of all three curry worlds.  The spice levels here are intense, so go low if you're not sure.I've also had the pad thai and the ga pow (basil stir fry).  All of the food here is full of flavor and they offer the option of brown rice at no extra charge!  Side note, their cocktail menu is quite good, which I didn't expect at a Thai restaurant.  I especially enjoyed the Lady Boy and the one with champagne and St. Germaine (I can't remember the name of that one!).The trick is to come for the lunch special, which is even honored on Saturdays!  You get an entree and a drink for only $9.95.  They also have a nice Happy Hour menu with apps and drink specials (again, EVEN ON SATURDAY!).
3	It was eh...   I though it would be better.The flat noodles were the best.A bit overpriced for lunch items. The pad thai was a disappointment and the three curry plate (level 2 in spice) was way too spicy.
5	AWESOME NOODLES!  My lunch group eats here almost weekly.   We know the staff and they know what we like down to how much spice each of us wants on our food.   It is our favorite downtown restaurant.  Everyone should give it a try.   You won't be disappointed.
4	Just finished dinner. Took a while getting seated over 45mins. It was very worth the weight. Had yellow chicken currie spice level 1. Enouph food and spice for me. Waiter was real good. Overall good food.
3	I did not realize this was literally right in the middle of downtown. It's right by Griffin. This restaurant is small and there is also outside seating that looked cute. However, i'm glad I was inside because we all know how hot Vegas can be.We ordered the tom kha and spare rib fried rice. The spicy scale is between 1-5 and we got a 5. It wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be but it got more spicy as I kept eating. The tom kha was average. I liked that it had regular mushrooms instead of straw mushroms. The spare rib fried rice was really good! Personally, it had a little too much soy sauce but that's just me. My tastebuds are a little more sensitive to salt. It was still good nonetheless!OVERALL, it's overpriced for the portions given but I'm just going to assume it's because it's downtown.
4	Such good Thai food.  I brought two of my Thai afficionado friends - one that's worked at an authentic Thai restaurant and another that traveled and ate her way through Thailand ----both loved it. THe staff here is great--- I came here during a lazy saturday one day, and my gf and i sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender.  He gave us free shots of a thai whiskey and a BJ shot for her bday (although it might've been more for his own entertainment) I have to qualify my review and admit that the joint is pricey compared to typical Thai food. i.e., the short-rib fried rice (savory, delicious chunks of meat) is 13$, and that's not including the fried egg you Have to get on top. I believe most curries are around 10$ if you're getting regular meat, closer to 13$ if you get shrimp. That said the food is good enough that i've came here twice in 1 day... albeit drunk the second time. However, you're guaranteed to have a flavor packed dish And their cocktails are legit. They have great, refreshing fruity-but not overly sweet drinks...i.e., Hendricks cucumber martini (so cucumbery but has a bite), Thailup (Thai style Mojito made with tamarind), and a Pear-tini, sounds super girly, but my bf got it and loved it. HA! Even better they're open til 2am and the food makes for amazing drunk munchies. Not to mention you have great establishments just across the street, i.e., Downtown cocktail room.
4	Good lunch special that include a drink for $9.99. Very tasty and delicious. Will come back if I am ever in the area.
5	Such delicious Thai Food! This is a must when visiting downtown. Everything is great but my favs are Awesome Noodle with tofu or the short rib fried rice!
4	Just tried this place for the first time last night. Started with the Pork jerky and it was an absolute delight! Especially the sauce it comes with. So stinkin good! Had the pad Thai and it was delicious! Highly recommend this place.
5	Great Thai. I try to go here every time I'm in Vegas now. The Spare Rib anything is amazing. Go try it.
1	Over priced and over rated! Will not return here again.  Service was great and the place was really small. Definitely not authentic Thai food of which I was hoping for:/
5	Omgurrr ahh this place is horrific when it comes to seating and ambiance but great in serving the best Thai food. I enjoyed the pad see ew and the egg rolls here. Our waiter is very nice and helpful.
3	If you're downtown and really craving Thai then this place will do. If another Thai place opens in the vicinity it might be in trouble.
5	Bomb...great late food and a good date night. Been their a few times and love it. Short rib fried rice and noodles are the way to go. Great recommendation from the chef le russo at botero. Loving downtown
4	Food was really good, pleasantly surprised by the short rib fried rice. Who knew that would be such a great combination, the three of us in our party shared family style the short rib fried rice, chicken pad Thai and the shrimp awesome noodles. The food was great, they text you to let you know your table is ready as there was an hour wait. Legit. Service could have been a little better, but overall still a good experience. Will eat here again, just maybe not on a Saturday night.
4	The short rib fried rice was tasty, but a little too salty. The chicken satay was good, tender. They give you lots of sauce to go with the chicken.I also like that they text you when you're table is ready. All places should do this!
4	I crave this place often! Usually get the 3 color curry with brown rice.  Husband loves the jerky with sticky rice.  The dipping sauce for that so tasty.  And the wings also come with a good sauce yet already flavored.It's different than the usual Thai paces we go which are Archie's or Pin Kaow which are also good but I think if those as more family style eating and Le Thai more you order your own meal.  Not a huge fan of their noodles mainly their curry and appetizers.  So good!  Good spot when your in downtown Las Vegas.
3	A little better than average Thai food. The restaurant seating and space was very cramped and uncomfortable. Service wAs ridiculously slow.  Good if it's 1am and you need to eat something in Downtown Vegas to sober up.
4	I really enjoyed this Thai place and will be coming back when I'm in town.  The bartender Mercy and one of her assistants, Andrew, were so very friendly.  They made me feel very welcome.  When they asked how I was liking my food, you could tell that they really had an interest in me being pleased.  I like that kind of invested interest.I shared my meal with some friends so I had three entree's.  - The Pad Thai was a nice rice dish with a complex dash of sweet and sour.  I ordered it about a 3 star.  I could have gone to a 5, I'm sure.  I was a newbie.  If you like hot, start with a 4 and go from there.- The short rib stir fried rice was good, but I wouldn't go there for that.  It was my least favorite of the three meals, though, I enjoyed it.- My favorite was the Three Color Curry.  That was wicked good.  It was a very flavorful soupy curry dish that you will need to mix your rice with (stir fried or white).The unsung part of the meal was the pickled jalapeno's.  Apparently the pickling process makes the peppers sweet and the juice just blended well with all three of the meals that I added it to.I'm a fan... I'll go back.
5	Delicious!  I had the Ga Pow and the misses had the mixed veggies - both great. And if spring rolls can be amazing, these ones are (they're still just spring rolls). Can't wait to come back again.
3	Le thai it's a very cute place. The portions are big. The food is exquisite. My only complaint is that the people who takes reservation or the one in front needs attitude adjustment. I know you guys are busy but as a client I just want to be treated better. We were greeted by this guy and  he asked for our number so they could call us when our reservation was ready. He was different not polite and when I ask about something he seemed annoyed I really felt that he didn't care if we came back for our reservation .  Specially when it's hot , it's hard to wait outside . A smile with be awesome.
4	Fancy Thai food. It would be five stars but i think it's overpriced. But the food is just too good.
5	First time here. Wait was about 30 min on Saturday night. Worth the wait for sure. We will definitely be back. We had the spring rolls, and they were wonderful. We had waterfall beef with sticky rice that was cooked perfectly. And the pad thai with shrimp. Everything was delicious. Wait staff was really friendly. Highly recommend eating here.
3	The food is well portioned but the flavors for me were not right. For the price I am still searching for the best Thai in Vegas.
1	BEWARE le thai has been operating with a C grade from the health district for the last month. I am highly upset with their lack of cleanliness & will no longer be returning
3	Pork jerky was amazballs!!!!! Waterfall beef was pretty good. Spring rolls were decent, typical. Amazing noodles, not so amazing. Thai tea was good, as well as the thiajito.You would think that a place in Vegas would be sure to have a/c....oh no, no. Was so HOT in this place!  I HATE being hot! Service was good. Prices are great.
5	The restaurant is small, but they have a nice seating area outside in the back with misters to keep cool. We had Thai fried rice, chicken pad kee Mao and fried bananas for desert. All three were delicious and good sized portions for the price. The restaurant was clean and the customer service was stellar! We will definitely be back when we visit Vegas next year!
5	Magnificent. Excellent service, good beer, genuinely tasty food, and a great price. Wait for a table inside as keeps you cool and the atmosphere is just right. Thoroughly recommend especially since there's no Downtown Vegas cheese ball involved.
4	Yum! When I think of food in Vegas, the only thing that comes to mind is something that's cheap and bad for you. This last time in Vegas, I decided to use Yelp to guide me to a place of deliciousness.My friends and I stayed on Fremont this time. That deserves it's own review, but I'm here to heap some more praise on Le Thai. My experience here was great. It's so busy that they have reservations... I called and was told it would be a 1 hour wait. After giving the lady my number, I immediately received a text and was told I could download an app to see my progress. About an hour later, I notice that the app still shows there's a 30 minute wait. We ended up walking to the restaurant and were told they were very busy, and the app was correct. The hostess was very apologetic, but offered our party of four to sit against a bar area. We were hungry, so we agreed.The service was quick! And our server was very nice and attentive. We started off with an order of some delicious wings and chicken skewers. The wings were delicious and came with a great dipping sauce. The chicken skewers were delicious as well... Moist, tender, and had a great flavor.For our main dishes we got the Pad See Ew, Yellow Curry, and Drunken Noodles! The three dishes were so yummy! The level of spiciness that we ordered was spot on. The dishes were delicious and the food came out piping hot. My only complaints are this...1.) GIVE PEOPLE WHITE RICE with their meals. It's fuckin' cheap. You want to mix white rice with your food. Yes, it came with the curry, but that's not enough. DON'T BE CHEAP. Your food is already expensive as it is, and it's JUST thai food... 2.) PUT SOME FAN/AIR in the back patio. It was like 200 degress back there, and the only thing that kept me from dying was the cold water and cold beer I had. Overall a good thai food place. I would definitely return.
2	This place has gotten too big for its britches.  Since opening, prices have gone up (fine) and quality has slipped (unacceptable)--mostly a consistency issue.  All that said, it's still delicious and really hits the spot when you've been drinking the last few hours at the downtown bars.Unfortunately, the dreaded 45 minute wait has become far more consistent than the food.  This would almost be tolerable if not for the fact that there are multiple counter seats open with literally nobody waiting out front every single time.  And the hostesses are almost always rudely flippant about it..  And they don't take reservations for parties less than 4.  So it appears the method to getting a table if you really want one is to put your name on the list and go drink for another 45 minutes while they squander open seating waiting for everyone else doing this to come back.As far as the food, the pork jerky, pad kee mow, shortrib fried rice, and eggplant dish are the best.  The beef soup is pretty good but always too salty.  The Pad Thai is serviceable.  Spice level is a bit inconsistent, tending on the hot side, but not really any moreso than other Thai places.  My advice to others would be to consider the dish's impact on spice, e.g. pad kee mow 3 is much much hotter than shortrib fried rice 3.
1	We just left this restaurant.  I can truthfully say the food was amazing. We had two servers who were fabulous. The manager however needs to reconsider her job choice. We made a reservation for a group of 15. We were hoping to go at 7 but they asked us to come at 6:30. Fine, we did.  When we for there they were not prepared for our group. We pulled the tables and chairs ourselves. Then after all 13 of us had ordered, the manager came over and said they only had 2 woks going in the kitchen and could we combine orders. We then took our order down to 10 orders. We of course ended up adding more dishes. The manager spent the rest of our stay glaring in our direction. Then the bill came...wow. They put extra food on our bill. When we told them about it, she was condescending and made it sound as if we were lying and then as if she would punish the kitchen for sending us food we didn't order or eat. We paid, making sure we counted out every cent of the money to her so there would be no confusion. We walked out of there and straight into a bar at the container park to wash the taste of this horrible customer service off our palates. Some of our party had been here before and spoke of how great it was...sadly none of us plan on returning.
1	Im visiting from NYC and I went here for bornday celebration. It started so wrong....we ordered and were told we had to order again because there was a problem in the kitchen so we should order family style to ensure faster service. FAIL!!!! The service was slow. We all changed our irders expecting large sharing portions Not it was an experience I want never to repeat. Don't tell me your. Kitchen size and wok shortages to make me order what you want....Soooooo no worries never again. I'd like you to split that star with their other lucky service Thai places in Vegas.
2	The food is still great but the hostess rude. Poor customer service for the hostesses. Good servers. Food came out quick. Tastes great. Too bad the hostess put me off right from the start.
5	Amazing! The food is fresh, the patio is beautiful with misters, and the service staff is very friendly and helpful.
5	Easily my favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  The short rib fried rice with the signature waterfall sauce is unreal and I find myself craving it almost every week.  The pad thai is unique and amazing, the portion size is actually manageable as far as thai restaurants go, and the chicken satay with peanut sauce is the perfect appetizer or even main course.
5	Great atmosphere.  Love the back patio.  Definitely has a new hip feel to it.  Food was awesome.  Careful with the peanuts they serve when you sit down....amazing and highly addictive!  We had the green curry, pad see ew, pad Thai shrimp, and chicken satay.  All were excellent.Service was great.  Really busy.
4	Good food and good ambience. But the wait times can kill you. We checked in and the wait was for about 1 hour. Luckily we got in within 35 minutes. Front is small but the patio behind is big. They lose one star for having the 5 of us on a bar stool sitting straight instead of round the table. It gets hot in summer and they have nice mist running up on the ceiling which we loved. Its packed to the brim on most evenings and seems to be a favorite among Fremont street visitors. For yelp check in you get a free hug which I did not get. The waiter refills waiter frequently and comes by checking on you.
5	We met some friends there for dinner. I was surprised to get a table right away! Place is very small but cozy. Some people on here have complained about the prices... I don't know why my dish was under $12 for dinner! One of the best Tom Ka soup's I've had in town. I was at the party of six and everyone seemed really pleased about their meal. Will definitely be back!
4	Love the place, great Thai food at great prices. Doesn't matter what you order, everything in the menu is good, but today I had a bad experience from somebody from the staff, she asked me if I seen her phone. I told her no, but if you work there why would you leave your phone on the bar counter. It gets worse am already outside and someone chases me down and asks me again if I have her phone, I tell her no would you like to check my pockets? I was upset but I didn't lose my temper. Turns out she misplaced her phone and found it, but the damage was done. Great food but the staff was very unprofessional. Hope it was a one time thing
1	Tasted good but 3 of us felt ill afterwards. And we all ate different items. Won't be back.
4	I won't say it's the best Thai in Las Vegas, because it's more of a fusion than authentic Thai (the distinction of "Best Authentic Thai" belongs to Lotus of Siam, on Sahara). However, the service is friendly, the cocktails are strong, and the crab rangoons are some of the best I've ever had. This is one of my favorite dinner spots for catching up with friends. Will return again and again.
3	This place is average at best.  I give it 3 stars because the decor is bad, food is average, the host was confusing, Thai tea was way off, they took too long to deliver our food, and prices are too expensive in relation to quality, I got a spice level of 4 out of 5 and it wasn't even spicy at all-I had to add my own spices. You are paying for location!We had Pad Thai and Ka Pow w/ chicken and it was just OK.The best thing about this place was the free spicy peanuts.
5	Awesome thai food! i usually get the pad prik for lunch but have tried many things on the menu and have liked them all, wish it was a bigger place as they would fill it up.the  level three heat is plenty hot
5	When I saw Anthony Bourdain hit up this place on the Food Channel, I knew it had to be good. What I didn't know was that this would be my favorite spot to eat in all of Vegas. Try the specialty: Three Color Curry and get it spicy! Delicious. Get some Thai Tea to go with it and enjoy the back patio art.
4	Awesome Thai! A great vegetarian option in downtown Vegas. The location is right in the middle of everything so that you can walk to a nearby bar after dinner.
4	So tasty! Shared short rib fried rice and thai wings and it was the perfect late night dinner! Busy enough but we were seated right away and our waiter was perfect!
3	So, a month ago I would have five starred this place but my last experience gave me a bad taste but not from the food! I have been to le Thai,at least ten times. I love the pad see ew, the green curry, and awesome noodles. Even their spiked thai tea is delicious. I dont mind having to wait an hour since you can wander off to container park and they will text you when your table is ready! However, my last visit was tarnished by less than stellar service. After waiting an hour we were seated on the back patio. About halfway through my meal I requested a second spiked thai tea. After I had finished my meal, it still hadnt come. 30 minutes after I ordered it the waiter showed up at the table apologizing stating that the bar was super busy. At that point I just canceled the order and asked for the check. The check was paid in under 10 minutes and we were getting ready to leave when the hostess came to our table and asked us to move to another bar area because she had a group that had been waiting for 30 minutes for a table!!! Well maybe we would have been gone 30 min earlier if I hadnt been waiting for my drink! And by the way... we waited an hour! How embarrasing to be treated like that! Too bad I had already given a 20 percent tip! Oh and on the way out.... not a single solitary soul was at the bar. My guess? The waiter forgot and then tried to cover his tracks with a lie.
5	This restaurant was recommended by a friend who had eaten there before.  I love Pad Thai and lately have had trouble finding a place that could make this reasonably simple dish. I was thrilled with their offering and will definitely be back.  Le Thai is just one block after the end of the Fremont Street Experience so it's very convenient to walk to if your visiting there.
3	Nice atmosphere with a cool vibe. The Pad See Ew was very good. Be careful when ordering spicey. I love spicey...and #3 was runny nose and sweaty spicey. I can't imagine #5. It must be uneatable! The service was a little slow and nobody smiled. It made everything slightly uncomfortable. My wife spilled her water on the table and nobody offered to clean it up, eventhough they watched it happen. Our beers were cool, but not cold. Cold beer is a necessity. Overall...not as good as the reviews led me to believe.
4	Le Thai, more like Le awesome.Great location, great food, and an awesome staff. The portions here are perfect and the flavor will explode your thai tasting brain. After a brief moment of waiting outside my friend and I were brought in and sat at the bar. First thing I noticed, you can see right into the kitchen; the smells coming from it were intoxicating, which turned-up my hunger level to eleven. The decor of the restaurant is a mix of back alley dining with a few standard Thai musings on the wall. I love the vibe of this place... busting, loud and very unassuming. The food here is filling and great to have with a group of friends while sipping drinks and telling drunken stories. If you're feeling super chatty and a bit buzzed, might I recommend what I ate, the Ga Pow! Ga Pow is a heavy plate of ground pork (or chicken) with a spicy sauce, chopped veggies, and a big fat fried egg on top. This also comes with a side of white rice, but I opted for brown. This plate of food is more than enough for one eater and could definitely be shared if needed. The meat and veggies were cooked perfect, the pork was still firm and the veggies stayed crisp even though they were swimming in this delightful spicy sauce that I could not get enough of... I mean, hand me straw so I can finish slurping up this savory sensation! The bartender gave me an awesome tip which was to add lemon juice and the dry seasoning at the bar to my meal. I had to fight back the urge to bury my face this bowl. My friend and I started with a soup before our main courses showed up, but sadly I can't remember the name! I know it was first on the soup list and we had fried tofu added to it. This was delicious, an amazing flavorful broth with a few hard boiled eggs in it and multiple levels of zesty flavor... this mystery will kill me!A few notes... - When the weather is cooperating, I recommend sitting outside in their back patio area. Clean, spacious, and you really can't beat Vegas weather when it's in the low 80's. - If you find yourself waiting outside for a while, just belly up to the window. Yup, there's a little drive-thru window you can walk right up to and order a beer or cocktail and sip with your friends while you wait. Great f**king idea! PRO-TIP: Check-in and get a squeezable surprise.
5	The service is amazing and the atmosphere is tops! The Chicken Satay is delicious. The peanut sauce that accompanies it is amazingly perfect in every way. I am also in love with their Chicken Pad Thai and Chicken Massaman. Always ask for the little caddy with different spices and condiments including Sriracha if you're sharing with someone who wants it a little less spicy. I always go in the afternoons, it's not as busy as the nights. I've been at night once and the place was understandably packed (indoor seating, outdoor seating, bar and side bar) but the service was still prompt and with a smile. I recommend this place to all of my friends.
5	i love this place the food is mind blowingly good!!! everthing is well priced. not to mention i went on a first date this past friday&our first stop was le thai... it totally set the mood for the rest of the evening :)
3	Le Thai is a cool little Thai venue in Downtown Las Vegas but was a little disappointed after perhaps too high expectations.  Coming right before the Life is Beautiful Festival began, my friend and I stopped by around noon on a Saturday and were lucky enough to get bar seats.  The place isn't huge but has a small outdoor patio area as well as tables and a few bar seats.  A full bar awaited as well with a great selection of various Thai-inspired cocktails and Asian beers/wines.  So for the taste.  Drinks-wise, we both got the Spiked Thai Iced Tea which I thought was clever.  Taste-wise, I was a little more disappointed as the whiskey I believe overpowered the totality of the Thai Iced tea here.  Maybe it needed more of the Thai Iced Tea but the balance was a bit off.  Food-wise, they have a bunch of normal Thai dishes like the papaya salads and yellow curry.  I got the awesome flat noodle (which reminded me most of the pad see ewe mixed with the pad thai type of ingredients).  It came with a choice of protein (I got chicken) and the end taste was okay.  It wasn't too different from most Thai joints and I had to add a lot of spices to get it up to what I did want.  (They did also ask for a level of 1-5 spicy level which isn't always common in Thai restaurants).  The best thing I did have was the roti omlette dessert which was absolutely delicious.  Filled with nutella and a fried egg on top of a bread on the bottom, it was a solid dessert.  Service-wise, everyone was really nice and accommodating, even with all the busy atmosphere.  Venue-wise, I loved the look and atmosphere of the place.  It had a very silly take on Thai food that wasn't too serious and liked the interplay.   Cost-wise, it was very affordable with the check only about $20 per person in the end.  Again, Le Thai was pretty cool (more of a 3 1/2 stars) but taste-wise, I wasn't fully convinced in my first visit.  Hope to come back and try it again and be proven wrong in the near future.
5	The Beef Short Rib Fried Rice is amazing!  Went to Las Vegas for the Life is Beautiful festival and Le Thai was so good we ended up eating 2 our of 3 days we were there. You cannot go wrong with anything on their menu but the beef short rib friend rice is some of the best I've ever had... Feel free to move to San Diego.
4	Perfect location, good food and awesome service is what makes Le Thai absolutely delightful. I have liked everything I ever tried here but Chicken fried rice and yellow curry are my favorite.Their spice level does vary at times, like a 3 would be spicy for me at times and sometimes even a 4 wouldn't be that spicy.That is not much of a problem though.
5	A friend suggested we go to Le Thai last night... He said it was near Fremont Street and is a true locals favorite.  There was approximately an 80 minute wait to be seated.  We put our name on the list and was told they would send a text message when our table was ready. I am sooooo glad we opted to wait instead of bailing and going somewhere else. I had the Short Rib Fried Rice and it was amazingly good. I ordered it #2 hot and probably should have ordered a #3 (was very flavorful just not quite hot enough - my fault).  I've honestly been craving a second helping all day today. My buddy ordered Waterfall Beef Noodles which was equally as delicious. We didn't have drinks, only water last night.  Our total bill came out to $26!!  You won't find that on the strip. My advice: if you live in vegas or visiting sometime soon, do not pass go and do not collect $200!  Proceed directly to Le Thai!!!!
5	WOW... what a hidden gem this is.. The food is great, service is excellent, I am hard pressed to find anything I did not like.  Try it!
2	While the food was decent the lights went out. Can't afford to pay the power bills?!?! #cantpaytherent
2	So according to Yelp two star rating translates to "Meh. I've experienced better."   Le Thai has a really cool layout. There's indoor and outdoor, but remember you're on Fremont so if you sit outside it is going to be loud. I sat in their outdoor seating, call it what you will but if there's not an actual roof up over my head then i'm outside. On that note i think they are next to an open mic night club where it gets ridiculously loud. What did i hear exactly? Well i'll tell you this, i did not know whether to stay in my seat and wait for my food, or forget the food and start lurking on girls that look like they're from a Nikki Minaj video. Now for the food and service. The server was great but the order took some time to get to our table. Water is the most basic to be served, in fact that was our first order. Somehow the server decided to bring that last... Some of our food was cold and had a different after taste from other variations of Thai food I've had. It's not bad I just didn't like it. Final words  I do not regret coming here, it would take a lot to make me regret something. My friend has been wanting to take me here and we still managed to enjoy our time. This restaurant has way more potential and I hope they do make some changes. If not then there are always other places that serve Thai food late at night and have more of a music selection other than Nikki Minaj-esque music.
4	The food here is outstanding! It's a cute little venue right on Fremont St, and I love eating my lunch here. The seating is pretty limited, and last time we went, we had to eat out on the patio. It had a fun, intimate atmosphere, and the lighting was beautiful. It was quite warm outside and, despite the misters, I felt like I was melting. Now honestly, this could have been a combination of the weather and the spice-level 4 food that I got, so I'm fine with that. I just wish there was a little more indoor seating, but the venue doesn't really allow for that. The waiter up-sold us on a beer that was overpriced, and not the most tasty, but the food more than made up for it. Will definitely be a repeat customer for a long time!
5	I have not eaten anything bad here ever! Fast and super nice service too. Should be a favorite in your downtown spots to eat.
3	very slow service, for a solo table diner, 15 minutes to get a Thai tea, soup took 35 minutes to get to table. Entree shows up 3 minutes after soup to get cold while I ate soup. The Tom yom was very good and served very hot, temperature wise. The pad key Mao was ordered #4 fire hot on spicy ness and was warned by waiter "that's fire" are you sure you want it that spicy. I guess I should have ordered the #5 Thai spicy because #4 was not all that hot for a chili head. Good flavor on both. I'd like to give the food a 4, service a 1 1/2 at best.
4	Le Thai is small and very popular, which means long waits during lunch and dinner time (tried to go last month and there was a 45 min. wait time for lunch!).  It's pretty typical thai food, nothing about it really stands out to me and they don't do anything unusual with their dishes- which I don't mind.  Their curry is VERY SPICY- I normally get a 3-4 at other restaurants, but a 1 here is very hot.  Our server last time told me it's the curry base they use, it's hot!!  All of their curries are very good though- I've tried each type.  Overall, this place is not as good as Pin Kaow, which has bigger servings and is more "comfort food" style than this place.
5	After coming back from Thailand I have a new application for Le Thai. I am yet to eat here since I've been back (I've definitely had my fill for a while), but I'm already looking forward to it.Maybe I just didn't have the greatest experiences in Thailand, or maybe thai food in Thailand just is what it is. I will tell you though Le thai was one of the reasons why I was excited for thai food in Thailand, and yet nothing compared. The Pad Se Ewu, Awesome Flat noodle, and Shrimp Stir Fry are among my favorite dishes here. If you want to try something different and hearty, opt for the Tri Colored Shrimp Noodle Curry. Usually on the special board, but if not they can usually make it. It's like the Thai version of Shrimp Alfredo! Without shrimp would be like Thai Vegan Alfredo!
5	This place is the bomb! It's got a really cool vibe, nice place to hang out with friends. They have a cool open air/garden area in the back which is really really nice. the food is awesome it's really authentic Thai. Always consistent, fresh ingredients and perfect balance of flavor profiles. The staff is super friendly and bar drinks are really good!
4	We really liked this place, it's a small place but we got there as soon as they opened which I recommend cuz 20 mins later it was packed and it looked like the wait time was long. We went during a very beautiful day and sat outside which was perfect, it's a very cute outside patio. Service was very friendly and fast.   My husband ordered the short rib rice which is Delicious and i had a stir fry which was equally delicious. It can get pricey but it's in downtown so it is expected to be.   We totally recommend.  P/S  it is a pain though to find parking.
5	The food was out standing, we had the Water Fall beef and the Crispy Chicken Wings for apps!  Hade the Penang Chick 4-stars and the Chicken Fried Rice with a fried egg on top.  The egg was fried over easy and it was cooked perfect  and I had it 4-stars.The service was excellent and people are always friend and approachable .If you travel to Las Vegas and you don't eat at LeThai while you are visiting Downtown then you are truly missing out a great place to eat!They get FIVE-STARS because this place is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I could say I'm pretty jaded when it comes to Thai food, but that would give the wrong impression. I try to walk in to every restaurant with a completely open mind. Because more often than not, especially when using Yelp, I find myself pleasantly surprised. Also I think that our expectations can completely control our ultimate experience in every aspect of our lives, so going light on expectations is a sure fire way to enjoy life more. That said, I am a little spoiled, coming from Portland Oregon, with our insanely good Thai food. And Le Thai did not disappoint. I was shepherded here by Nate M, the local Vegas CM, and thoroughly enjoyed my dinner. I sampled a few dishes and was impressed by all of them. They don't hold back on the spice level, the service is solid, the venue is cozy and vibrant, and the gin n' tonics are plenty strong. The menu does have a few interesting dishes I don't often see at your run-of-the-mill joints. And to top it all off, there's a Yelp check-in offer for a free hug. I saved my hug for the next visit.
5	Short Rib fried rice or literally anything else = incredible. Also fun cocktail menu.
3	My friend and I had the Ginger fried rice and the awesome flat noodle earlier today. The food was delicious, packed with flavor, seasoning was spot on however my reason for a 3* is : we found the portions *very* small. Thai is my favorite cuisine and I eat in Thai places at least few times a week and can easily say that the food was simply not enough to be a meal in itself here (which is hardly the case in most other Thai places). If the portion was right, I would have given a 5* rating to the place.
4	The Food is really good! Delicious even! Be prepared for a long wait to order, or even get a table. The place is small, and seating is really limited, it is typically an hour to two hour wait for a table...or just go to the window outside and order.
5	Semi new small Thai place. Open late in the heart of downtown which all of a sudden everyone charges to park. Either way if you get to make it here it's def worth it. As far as Thai food is this is a top 5 in Vegas. The short rib fried rice is amazing. Reminds me of a dish served from the island we eat for breakfast. Pad Thai was on point. Everything was very flavorful and on point with traditional Thai favors.
5	A great lunch with friends. The special was Red Curry over pad Thai noodles. Very tasty! It's very small and although we quickly got a table, there was a line by the time we left. The curry comes on a scale 1-5 and seemed a good indicator, I had 3 and it was a solid med, my friend had 4 and she said it was hot, while another had 0 and it was to her taste as well.
3	I've wanted to try this place forever! I love Thai food and the downtown vibe. I thought going in that this place would be worthy of a a 5 star review, but the lack of service killed the experience completely.It was a Thursday night around 7pm. We were seated in the back part of the restaurant and given menus. Joel and I decided we would share our dishes since we wanted to try the same things. We waited probably 15 minutes and no one had come by. No drink order, nothing. The waiter and waitress continued to walk right by us and not even look at us. Finally when the waiter walked by I asked him if we could order. He said " our waitress was really busy that's why she hadn't come by, but that he would take our order." I ordered the Short Rib Fried Rice with an egg on top at a level 3. Joel ordered his favorite, Pad See Ew with pork at a level 2. The food took a lot longer then expected. I was hungry and wished we'd ordered an appetizer. I started noticing other tables that had come in after us getting their food. Weird. Finally out came our order! Mine was very tasty. It had chunks of short rib and the spice level was perfect. Next time I wouldn't spend the extra $1.50 for the egg on top. I was expecting it to be runny so I could mix it into the rice, but that egg was hard as a rock and did nothing for the dish. Joel's Pad See Ew was more broccoli then noodles, but still had a great flavor. The decor is very minimum, but they do need to kick the heat lamps down a bit. We were sweating up a storm and not just from the spicy food. I had high hopes for Le Thai, but with that service I'll spend my money somewhere else downtown. Sorry Le Thai you lost me.
5	Great Thai spot downtown. Prices are decent too. Their chicken wings are awesome! Try the garlic chicken fried rice too!!! Overall a great place to eat when you're in downtown Las Vegas.
5	Just arrived in Vagas and grabbed lunch. Had the green curry with tofu and steamed rice lunch special for $9.95 and can't say enough about how great it was.
4	it was really late and I / we were drunk lol! Hey it's Vegas right?! There were four of us girls and we were all starving. I ordered the Yellow curry spicy and I may have gotten it a little too hot but it was so damn good I could not keep the food out of my mouth. I definitely ate too much that night! You can not go wrong. All 4 of our dishes were some of the best we've had.
4	I had this place bookmarked for awhile, and finally got to try it! My friend & I were kindly greeted and seated by the waitress as we walked in. Since we're under 21, we had to be seated outside rather than inside w/ the bar. There's a lot more seating outside than inside, and they have misters/heaters depending on the weather. I initially thought we wouldn't have much of a great service since we sat in the patio outside, and we look pretty young so waiters/waitresses tend to not give you great service. Surprisingly, the service here is actually really friendly! She always checked up on us despite being seated outside. Also, I accidentally dropped my friend's fork on the floor and the waitress heard & gave us a new one right away without us even asking! For food, we ordered their Thai style wings and Thai iced tea since it was happy hour around the time we dined in. We also split the pad thai w/ beef. Their spice level is on a 1-5 basis. I originally wanted a 5, but my friend didn't want it that hot. She wanted medium spice, so we decided on 3. At level 3, their Pad Thai wasn't spicy enough! But at least the food was still VERY delicious and tasty. If you love spicy food though, definitely get the 5. I really enjoyed their Thai tea too, it complimented the meal and had the perfect amount of cream.Prices here are very steep. You can definitely get just as good Thai food around the valley (and for much cheaper too), but I really enjoyed the ambiance and my experience eating here. I would come back again only if I'm around downtown. Exceptional service and great food.
5	In terms of food, everything we had was great.  The short rib fried rice was just unreal.  Squid Larb was super tasty too!  You must try the Waterfall Beef!   We used the sticky rice to get every last drop of the sauce soaked up.  The also have the usual Thai dishes, like Pad Thai.  Great place, nice location can walk over to Container Park, get drinks afterwards at Atomic Cafe, or coffee at the Beat Coffee shop across the street. Located downtown on east end of Fremont St.  There is metered parking around the corner, and lot next to the El Cortez.This place definitely rivals Lotus of Siam for best Thai in Las Vegas.  Will definitely be back.
5	Always love coming here for lunch. The wind is excellent in any of the curries but especially the spiked Thai tee
3	A little trendy but solid Thai food. It's not the most authentic and won't stand up to a top joint like Lotus of Siam but if you're in the area and jonseing for Thai/Asian, it's definitely one of the best choices Downtown.
4	Really enjoyed this place. I had no idea how big it was until I walked in and saw that it extended further back to accommodate more seating. Even on a Monday night I ended up sitting at the bar to eat because the tables were full and didn't want to wait for a table. I ordered a Thai tea, Thai style wings, and short rib fried rice, which was enough for two. I loved everything I ordered but probably would order a spice level 3 instead of 4. The spiciness overwhelmed the flavors so a 3 would have been better. The wings were perfectly crispy and the sauce paired nicely with it. The staff was super friendly and welcoming. Would definitely come here again when I'm in town.
5	I just have two words - OH......MY......GOD!
5	Le Thai is one of my favorite places when visiting Downtown Vegas. Located just off the edge of the Fremont Street Experience, I highly recommend you walk a few steps and sample some great Thai food. I had the yellow curry with tofu and brown rice. Spiced just right for my tastes. Very friendly staff. And ... Make sure you check in on Yelp ... The special offer is a free hug!
5	Our hotel recommended this restaurant to us and we were not disappointed. We walked by without seeing the sign and said  'oh that little place looks fun.' Then we saw the sign - score! We had the chicken pad Thai and chicken red curry. We both really loved the meal. Decency was all that was preventing is from licking the bowls. The chicken was lean breast meat and the quality was obvious. The price was around $26 for both items. Dishes can be customized for spice level 1-5. 3 is considered hot so we went with 1.5. My sister loves spice but she found this level to be just right. It added lots without taking away or being unpleasant. The restaurant isn't fancy, it's funky and fun though. Service was bang on. Wish it was closer to home as this place would be our regular stop.
2	Pretty hit and miss. Spring rolls were mushy and tasted like they were frozen. The two cocktails. My thai and lady boy we took one sip and returned. gross. Amazing noodles with pork. How are these classified as Thai? As my wonderful girlfriend  said "worst thai food I ever had". Waiter was cool and effecient. Like the vibe. Hence the two stars.
4	Le Thai has some really good dishes.Three Color Curry has mix of red, yellow and green curry, and it didn't taste like a random mess - it hit the right chord without jarring note.Ga Pow (Basil Stir-fry) was also solid. A bit on spicy side for me but the fried egg and brown rice worked out to tame the loud elements.Lunch priced at $9.95, can't ask more.
5	Had the lunch special about 2:20 pm on Sat/20 Dec:- $10 for entree and fountain drink (which alone is priced at $3 on the menu).- I opted for lemonade and the massaman(?) curry with brown rice.- They brought me white rice (which didn't bother me), offered to refill my lemonade and when they saw that I was sweating (even though I only got the "3" spicy level, should go for 1 or 2 next time) they also got me a glass of water.- Curry was delicious.  Will definitely be back to try their other dishes.
4	Very good as usual! The curry chicken is awesome! But the wings was little over cooked this time. The server is very nice guy.
4	Ate here at lunch as a single, sat at bar. Excellent price and portion size with drink included. Friendly bartender. Quick service. Food was phenomenal! Highly recommended
4	The food is awesome. The service was very good! They forgot to bring out my drink right away, so they didn't charge for it! Just an amazing place with great staff. (:
4	All the food we ordered was delicious. Great variety of drinks and very friendly and helpful staff.
4	Ate here at lunch as a single, sat at bar. Excellent price and portion size with drink included. Friendly bartender. Quick service. Food was phenomenal! Highly recommended
5	Thank you, Yelpers! Brought our two boys here. Food was very solid; garlic rice for the pickiest boy; he gave it a thumbs up. The noodle dishes were both fab and the mixed vegetables were excellent. We started with Satay; peanut sauce had us fighting for the leftovers and the boys begged us for an extra order of spring rolls. One asked, "Can we get a few orders to go?!?"  It isn't cheap ($70 for four of us), but we'll come back.
3	I drove over here while in Las Vegas because I found the restaurant on yelp and enjoy Thai food here and there. I called ahead to ask about parking and they said that the street parking was free. When I arrived, I only saw metered parking which was free after 6pm. The set up of the place was interesting. There is a small area with a bar & some tables. Then, they have a larger enclosed patio with more tables. The food was spicy even though we had asked for mild. It would have been better if it wasn't as spicy. The prices are not really cheap. Also, I could see part of the kitchen from where we were sitting and I noticed one of the guys working in the kitchen sneezing off and on.
3	Tried the yellow curry, pad Thai, and pad see ewe (sp?). Everything was so spicy even though we ordered mild. The only thing I thought was tasty was the pad see ewe. Would have liked the food better if it was actually mild! Try it out but make sure you know what spiciness level you're really getting when ordering.
4	I've had lunch many times at Le Thai and never disappointed.  My favorite are the wings during happy hour.  It's a no brainer when you are looking for a good lunch downtown and are sick of burgers and fries.
4	Waited about 40 minutes to get in! This place looks like a bar from the front but there is more seating in the back. I ordered red curry with chicken and it was average/good! Curry was slightly thicker than other curry I have had before which I liked. The servers there are super nice, caring and kind. I recommend this place if you want thai good for not so expensive price.
4	Disclosure: I really want to give them 4.5 stars if I could. You enter and the hostess let's you sit anywhere and brings over the menus. Our waitress was very friendly and we ordered tom kha soup, red curry, green curry, and pad pak. The Tom Kha was the star of the show. I would order it for my dinner next time because it was so good but we shared it between 4 people this time. The main dishes were good as well and they definitely put their own unique spin on them. The prices are very fair and reasonable especially since it's a bit off the strip. Give it a shot, I'm sure you won't regret it!
3	First time to this place, it was just okay. Probably good for thai food if you downtown and don't want to leave. Not authentic enough for me.
4	Excellent Thai food!! I haven't had good Thai food in a long time and this place's food is soooo good. I love spicy food. I usually order 4-5 stars but 3 stars at this place was HOT.  Only thing I wish the owner would consider making changes is the presentation of the food when served...use better or higher quality serving plates or bowls to make good look more appealing.  Highly recommend this place.
5	On the scale of 1 to 5 spiciness, the 5 was just right. My lips are numb and my head has a mild buzz. The food was great. The ambience and location is fantastic. I ate at the bar and the bartender/waitress was great. I didn't take them up on the free hugs prize for checking in, it was going to come from a kitchen staff and I wasn't sure what I was going to get.
5	The short rib fried rice was amazing!! I have to make another visit here bc it's completely worth it!!!  I don't feel guilty at all bc it was delicious!
4	Very popular spot with average of 30 mins waiting time at the peak hours for dinner. Papaya salad was alright, nothing great. However the Panang Curry was awesome. You should definitely try the Tom yum  soup - lots of mushroom and very feeding. Spice level just go mild, which I think was a 2 on a 1-5 scale. I still found 2 to be a little hot. Overall def recommended if you're down there.
4	Ga Pow is awesome.  Food is great, sometimes there is a lengthy wait at lunch, so I would suggest you go early.
