5	I was away from Montreal for a good handful of hot summer days. "I can't believe I haven't had an ice cream from Bilboquet yet this summer!" I cried upon return. But my friends, they couldn't stop talking about this place Kem CoBa, the new artisanal iced treat kid on the block. Something had shifted while I was away.And so, after having been suitably plied with gin and tonic at a literary event one night, my friend and I made a late night stop at Kem CoBa. It's a small, brightly coloured shop on Fairmount. It's takeout only, but that's perfect for a summer stroll through Mile End. The owners, a couple, are very friendly. I stood there indecisively, and Vincent offered tasting samples to help me make the tough choice.My friend has fallen for their homemade soft serve, a twist of two flavours that changes every so often. The ice cream and sorbet flavours  are unusual and inspired. I opted for sorbet - half hibiscus and half mint-lime. Sublime, my friends.
5	Delicioussssss ice cream - try the 80% chocolate one (maybe it was 70%? I don't remember exactly, but it sure was wonderful!). Super friendly staff, and you should feel comfortable trying as many samples as you like.
5	Omg what an awesome little spot. Amazing owners and very very delicious sorbet & frozen yogurt. Soo fresh and tasty lime & mint and chai was perfect for this beautiful day. I can't wait to try everything else.
5	Definitely worth a visit!  I had the salted butter and nutella combo...wow it was good. I had never had butter ice-cream before and now I will seek it out.
5	I heard about Kem CoBa from a friend who said "You have to go to this place!"ok!  I tried twice and both times it was closed and I became obsessed, all I could think about was how Badly I needed to taste their creamy dreamy ice cream.  3rd time's a charm and I got salted butter and chocolate combo.  diviiine. My boyfriend got the masala chai ice cream which was also quite tasty.Looking forward to trying their soft serve.  It seems they change flavours quite frequently.
5	My favorite little ice cream spot! The owners are super friendly and are not shy about giving samples. They offer a handful of flavors each of ice cream and sorbet, so don't hesitate bringing your lactose intolerant friends. They have standard chocolate but also regularly include their own creations such as lime-mint, soursop, salted butter and hibiscus. Definitely a must for those seeking a summer treat!
5	Fantastic gelato, great flavors; my favourite is chai. Very friendly service. We were cycling the annual "Tour la Nuit", a 26 kilometre bike ride and the course passed a block away. We stopped for a gelato break (we couldn't help ourselves!).
5	A lovely little ice cream spot. Their gelato is home made and refreshing on a hot summer's day. I had a medium cup with strawberry and earl grey gelato. The staff is super friendly which made the experience delightful.
5	Thank goodness I came here with a posse as I got to try pretty much every flavour for myself! The chai was sublime, the lemon yogurt was incredible and the salted chocolate gelato: OMFG I would marry it. Great, personable service, quite a few choices and all handmade with obvious love and care.
4	This location is not very big.  You have just about enough space to enter, browse, and pay.  After those three things are done, it's probably best that you step outside and find a bench to enjoy what you've purchased.  Also, it would be wise to check on opening hours, since it is a seasonal business.  With crowds and line-ups right outside, you can see that the masses have been clamoring for their ice cream.The shop is run by a couple, who also happen to be 2 well-trained pastry chefs.  In this town, it's not what you know how to do that puts you over the top, it's how special the experience is.  Their interaction with each and every customer is truly hands-on.  You can plainly see that they have a great deal of passion for what they do.  The customers ahead of me that I observed seemed to have really appreciated that.When I received the 150 ml cup, I quickly went outside to find an appropriate bench to devour this delicacy.  What ensued was me enjoying every little bit of the container using the nice fluorescent contraption provided.  It was really some of the best chocolate ice cream I've had in a while.  Since it was a nice day, there was some melting happening and I just had to scoop that up to make each moment count.
5	You absolutely must go to this tiny place. Run by a French and Vietnamese husband-wife pastry-chef duo.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	This place is the BEST GELATO EVER. For 2 reasons really.1. Every flavor is addictive and delicious. 2. The owners of this quaint little place are the sweeeeetest most adorable people I have ever met. They were needlessly friendly and helpful. Every time I come I get their strawberry. Large of course.
4	I got wind of this place thru the barista at Pourquoi Pas. So when we were walking around Mile End I got myself a scoop of Masala Chai and Vietnamese Coffee. Yum!
5	Love their ice cream,  sorbets, some of the BEST in town! The flavours can be exotic and unexpected ( i.e. lemon grass, coriander) , this is a reflection of 1 of the owner's heritage, so yes, expect something unusual. I have usually gone for their summer flavours in soft serve: mango /chocolate, banana / chocolate, and framboise/chocolate. YUM YUM!  When the weather turns cold, they switch to cookies, brownies and little cakes. If you're anywhere in the Mile End district, by all means check them out. You'll be most pleasantly rewarded.
5	Easily the best sorbet in Montreal.  The shop is small but easy to find. Look for the line of people snaking down the sidewalk, or if that is miraculously absent, spot the neon green facade and you've arrived.The tiny space lacks seating, but plenty of benches line the sidewalk outside. The trick is to enter on the left side where you are presented with a selection of homemade high-quality frozen deliciousness. Head right to pick up your treat and take care of the bill before walking out the right side.The sorbet is expertly crafted without any artificial flavors or preservatives by the owners who also happen to be trained chefs.   The brightly colored spoons and bowls clash perfectly.  The whole experience is a brightly colored blast of tastiness. It's pretty much a requirement that either before or after getting a treat at Kem CoBa that you also pick up some bagels at Fairmount Bagel just a few doors down.
5	I didn't come to Kem CoBa for gelato, ice cream or sorbet because it was freezing outside.. butTrust me their chocolate is so good!Right when I walked in Ngoc offered me those chocolate to try... Matcha is just so good... have this sesame crunch and yes I was sold there and brought a bar for myself! The white chocolate coconut has really delicate flavour without being too sweet!And all those cartoon like chocolate as they are having a Safari theme... so adorable! My friend have to drag me out of the store before I started loading up of all these sweet.I did come back again the next day for more samples... :) and said hi to the owners...Maybe I have to plan my route to stop by everyday next time when I am in town!
5	I really love this place and find it quite endearing. The couple that run it include a Vietnamese women and her French husband  and they prepare these amazing gelato pairings with South East Asian influences flavours. If you've every traveled to SE Asia it will bring you back to the tropical fruit selection and the endless smoothies you might have indulged in while there! Over Easter (not quite gelato season) I discovered them making amazing chocolate animals of all sorts ... I was amazed! They really make delicious and beautiful edible treats :) Can't wait for the warm weather to go back!
5	Kem Coba is one of my happiest discoveries.  I have only ever had their soft serve ice cream, but I haven't had any reason to try anything else.  Each week the combination changes, and each time I've visited it has been something different and equally delicious.  Last fall I had a delicious apple sorbet, cinnamon ice cream twist (if I recall correctly).  It tasted like fall in ice cream cone form.  This spring I had a lemon ice cream, raspberry sorbet twist.  There isn't much to Kem Coba, just a little counter and a few benches outside.  My preferred way of consuming my cone is walking leisurely back home, bringing back memories of my suburban childhood when we'd get huge cones of soft serve and go back home to sit on our front steps to eat it.  Now though, the cone doesn't last that long, and is but a memory by the time I reach my front door, but I still like to walk home slowly, working on a cone as I go.
5	During a visit to Montreal from San Diego, CA we visited Kem Coba and I must say, these were the best ice cream flavors I've ever eaten! Oh my. My taste buds were in heaven. Great store front, awesome owners, perfect benches to sit in the front, and did I mention the ice cream? Other reviewers are spot on with their praise of Kem Coba's fusion of flavors, quality ingredients, and pure deliciousness! Go get some now!
5	I was a huge fan of the Choco-Choc ice-cream offered by the Bilboquet before trying out Kem CoBa chocolate ice-cream. It's actually so good that it's the only flavour I've ever chosen there. That being said, everything looks delicious ;)
3	The review score is a compromise between my partner and I. I found the Mango & Strawberry soft serve to be incredibly light, flavorful and really satisfying.My partner, on the other hand, got the 72% chocolate ice cream and was really disappointed. She stuck to the basics and avoided the catchier flavors like she usually does except this time she was pretty disappointed. She said it tasted far off from what you expect when you order a chocolate ice cream cone. I tried it myself and agreed there wasn't anything traditional about the chocolate.It's was $9 for the both of us which is I guess what you can expect to pay at a hipster shop. The abundance of outdoor seating was really a win.Given that its not in our neighborhood I doubt we'll be back.
5	Probably one of the best ice cream/sorbet shop in Montreal. They carry sorbets and ice cream (soft AND hard) and the selection varies slightly from day to day. Be sure not to miss the salted butter ice cream. Even though you will surely have to wait in line, the service is fast. The owner is really friendly and makes you feel welcomed. Do not miss it and have your ice cream fix before our summer goes away. Bonus points for being located right next to Fairmount Bagel.
5	I'm forever a Bilboquet loyalist, but I must say that Kem CoBa is pretty damn good. My favorite flavour there is salted butter, which is pretty unusual as an ice cream flavour, but it totally works. It's so... comforting. Think fireplaces... plush socks... long weekends. I have also tried their chocolate, peanut & honey, and green tea. All of them good, although if you're not a big big fan of green tea, you might be a little put off by the somewhat strong aroma/rather bitter taste of your ice cream. Don't be scared by the long line-ups, they go very fast!
4	This shop is not afraid of injecting a lot of flavour into their ice creams. I tried maybe 4 while I was there deciding on what to get, and all of them had a punch the moment I placed each one on my tongue. I ended up going with Chai tea and banana nut in a cup. I thought the small cup was the right amount as it was so jam-packed with bursting flavour.
5	It must have been because of the amazingly good weather in September because I've never seen such a massive line for Kem CoBa. Maybe that's normal though (who knows, I don't live in Montreal anymore). Anyways, there was a line but it moved steady and I knew it was going to be worth the wait.My friend and I decided to share a pint of raspberry sorbet ($7.50) and oh my god, SO freaking DELICIOUS. Wish they made pints where it was half/half so that you could try more flavours but that's just a small complaint of mine.  The raspberry sorbet tasted so refreshing - packed with a punch of flavour and perfect sweetness to it = we both couldn't stop scooping away. Yeah, that's right, we devoured a whole pint while we sat on a bench a few streets away.The husband/wife combo are so friendly and the ice cream/sorbet is amazing. Don't miss out.
5	This little place is simply amazing ! Their ice cream is probably the best in town. The brownies are to die for ! On warm days, don't be surprised to see the waiting line in front of the door. They keep adding new stuff to the menu and they offer new stuff every week. Definitely a place to try !! And go back !
5	there's nothing more to add that hasn't been already said. well, maybe besides, summer = soft serve = awesome!it's the only place that i know of that i lineup 3 times in an evening..want a crazy concoction? grab a bagel nearby, get it slightly toasted, add some ice cream to it and crumble some brownie to top it off. the 2 things Montreal do best in one mouthful? pleasure guaranteed :)
5	Still as awesome !!! Which is a plus and more than I can say compared to other businesses years down the line that went downhill. The great thing about the owner is that a year ago my husband made a comment complaining about them being closed every time we decided to go and till this day he remembers us and comments about it and it makes us laugh. I'm excited for this summer to try the new flavors they will come up with.
4	Very small place on the Plateau, with interesting flavors, such as massala chai. They also have a great variety of sorbet, which you can mix with soft ice cream. Probably one of my favorite non-commercial ice cream places in town.By special order, they also make ice cream cakes for special events, check them out!
5	WhoaaaaaAaaaaaAaaa!!!! Now that I've gotten that out of the way, can review a little. Apart from a variety of unique, homemade ice cream flavours, Kem Coba is the first and only place that I know that can swirl soft serve and gelato. Like, out of one machine. How is this even possible?! And while you might normally feel guilty after a ice cream binge, you'll finish your scoops without the slightest hint of remorse... just pure satisfaction. Important note: they're usually closed when it's raining, so be prepared for let down if you get a craving during lousy weather.
5	A friend recommended Kem Coba and I have to give it to him, this place is truly amazing! The ice cream is fresh and the flavours are original yet edible.  I got to try almost all of them before making my final pick and the person serving me even made suggested combination tasting spoons!  I finally picked peanuts & honey with a second choice of chocolate 72%. It tasted like a Reese's without that processed sugar aftertaste. I was in heaven! My boyfriend picked a combination of strawberry and mango. I didn't get to taste the mango one but the strawberry was so fresh and it had a nice balance between sugar and acidity. I think it is what described this place the best; balance. All the flavours seem balanced, never too strong nor too weak, just enough sugar or tang depending on the flavour. To top it all off, the staff was extremely nice. I was serve by the owner and he was so enthusiastic his joy was literally contagious. He was also very helpful to point which ice cream was available in a pint format and when he would be remaking specific flavours. I didn't pick the tab so I can't be precise on the quality/price ratio but I'm guessing a medium is around $3.50-$4.00.  A bit pricey but worth it!  The place does tend to get a huge queue on sunny weekends and it's not very practical if you're driving there, parking on the street is limited.
5	Les glaces de ce lieu sont delicieuses. Ils ont de toutes les saveurs. Oulala! Quel delice!
5	Hands down, Kem CoBa serves the BEST ice cream I have ever had. Homemade ice cream does not get any better than Kem CoBa!The lineup was all the way to the edge of the street. We waited for almost 15 minutes. It costs a little more than your average ice cream store, but it was worth every penny! The ice cream is fresh, the flavors are unique, the owners are extremely sweet! Forget your diet plans! You have to try the Masala chai with the Burnt Butter - 2 scoops of heaven.The soft serve of the day was Coconut ice cream with Orange sorbet, I hesitated with the flavor profile, but admittedly, I was completely wrong. It was the best soft serve I've ever had as well - and believe me, I LOVE ice cream! P.S. Fairmount Bagels is next door! Don't forget to pick up the best bagel in Montreal!
5	Absolutely fantastic ice cream. Imaginative and delicious selection of flavors. And if you think you don't like soft serve, try their version -- this ain't no Dairy Queen. Expect a line on pleasant evenings, but it's worth it (and it moves pretty quickly).
5	Easily the best ice cream in Montreal. My favorite is the salted butter flavor. The ice cream is worth waiting in line.
5	As far as ice cream goes, you can't get much better.  Unique flavors, done perfectly.  Seems to be a popular place for tourists and locals alike.  Nice casual outdoor seating, makes the experience feel very summery.
5	Delicious ice cream place I've ever been!Their service is great, several choices of ice cream. Their taste is full of richness!It might be a little too sweet for some people but otherwise it's great!
5	This is located next to Fairmount Bagels. This means in the summer months you see TWO line-ups, and yes, the wait is worth it.They do sorbet and ice cream. There are not many flavours to choose from but they are unique. Me being simple stuck to chocolate 72% and it tasted great. I tried their mango ice cream sample and it was pulpy and delicious.The man behind the counter, whom I believe is the owner, really enjoys what he is doing. Has this big smile 'cause he knows he is selling great frozen treats. Next time you are in this part of Fairmount, you may end up brunching at Faberge, getting ice cream from here and getting your bagels on from Fairmount next door. Thats a win win corner!
5	Wonderful tasty ice-cream. Funny thing: the posting opening hours are until 8 pm... But the line up is in full throttle until late at night if it's a nice sumer evening. It is well wort the wait. Nice colourful benches outside. Funky but delicious flavours. Not to sweet, delicious and delicate. You'll want more and might not want to share!
5	Best ice cream in Montreal, hands down. I always have their soft serve twists which change every two weeks, so good.There is one problem with this place, it gets busier and busier every summer. ;)I've been going there since it opened in the summer of 2011 and it's always swamped, a testament to their amazing product. Try their Buche de Noel (Ice cream log cake) during Christmas, it's amazing.
5	Location: Mile End - street parking or public transit. Your best bet is probably to take a bus unless you don't mind a bit of a walk. If that's the case, you can hop off at Laurier and walk over in about 10 minutes. The place: Small walk-in type of place. There's no seating available inside, but they've got a great little (colorful) set-up outside that you can take advantage of. The shop itself is also very colorful, and has this cool water wall - it's hard to describe so.... you'll just HAVE to get some ice cream or sorbet and see it for yourself. The goods: Fresh soft-serve ice cream and sorbets that boast no preservatives or artificial crap. How can you go wrong? Apparently, you can also buy home-made pastries, like brownies and almond tiles, but I didn't see these. I think I was too focused on the sorbet - it was after all, about 31 degrees outside and I'd been walking most of the day. On this trip, I went for two flavors: Hibiscus and lime-mint. What can I say that hasn't been said already? Their sorbets are AMAZING. I loved the Hibiscus, and the lime-mint was super refreshing - it actually tasted more like basil to me but that's not a complaint. Their flavors change frequently, which basically means we must visit frequently. Service: Great - the fellow behind the cash was super friendly and personable!Price point: The green cup was just under $5 and is the equivalent of about two scoops.Great neighborhood gem.
5	Yessssssssssssssssssss. Braved the twenty minute walk in the blazing heat based on all of the previous reviews. Certainly not let down. It was amazing. I really like that the flavors are limited so that you don't have that panicky embarras du choix feeling. But there is definitely something for everyone. Also, much cheaper than I thought it would be for a chichi place in Mile End. So you know I'll be back.
5	We got the softserve which was a mix that is hard to explain; half to two thirds of the mix was an extremely creamy ice cream; the other half was something like a softserve sorbet.   Put them together, and it is simply Oh My God This is Good.Nuff said.
4	Yum yum yum!I'm usually not a fan of gelato cause most places make gelato that's way too sickeningly sweet (especially in the States). This place, however, has changed my mind about this frozen delicacy just a bit. Serving gelato, froyo, and icecream, Kem CoBa has a wide assortment of almost any delicious frozen treat you're craving on a hot summer's day. My bf and I stopped by this place after hitting up Montreal's two big bagel shops (Fairmont and St. Viateur's) since we were melting from the afternoon heat and needed something cool and refreshing. My bf got a scoop of matcha green tea gelato and I got a scoop of mango. Both were delicious! The matcha tasted just like green tea should; earthy, grassy, fresh, slightly sweet but not overpoweringly so. The mango was tart, light, also the perfect level of sweetness, and again, very fresh (like it was made from fresh mangos).If you're stopping by Fairmont bagels, you might as well stop by here on your way down the street cause they're literally a few steps from each other (I think, if I recall correctly, they're only separated by one shop in between).Food: 4/5 -- delicious!Service: 4/5 -- friendly, prompt, welcomingAtmosphere: 4/5 -- clean, brightly colored, fun and quirky (a wall of bubbles), but no seating area (although there's plenty of benches outside to sit on so it's not a problem)Overall: 4/5 -- great!
5	One of the best ice cream place I've ever been to!Try the soft ice cream with blueberry and honey flavor half&half(around $4 including tax). They're both really good flavors and surprisingly blend really well. Its not too sweet either so you never get tired of it. I had to go back to this place before I left Montreal during my visit cause I knew I wouldn't be able to find another place like this in a while. Both times I came here, it was pretty crowded. But its an ice cream place, so you don't have to wait in line for too long. It goes by pretty quickly. Wish I had a place like this near my home town. Would visit every chance I get.
5	definitely needs an update!i will not review their soft serve as we all know by now that they have the BEST soft serve in the 514 region unless you are living under a rock or you don't like frozen treat in which case, please go jump off a cliff! the awesome thing about their soft serve? you get new flavor combo every 2 weeks! its like a girl trying on underwear, you are bound to find one you like best. ok, finding the best shoes analogy works too.what i'm updating about is their crazy limited run ice cream/sorbet flavor they introduce during summer time. yes, you have the regular and loved salted butter and vietnamese coffee ice cream (which by the way, if you want the drinkable version, is a simple or double espresso shot with condensed milk and ice) but its their limited run ice cream asian (mostly praised and loved vietnamese) flavors that made me fall in love with them!flavors that i grew up on as a child and that i still love to this day! the mangosteen in sorbet form? the acidic and sweet flavor of the mangosteen is simply to die for! the best of the best though, that even the most tame woman out there will go she-hulk for is the pandan leaves ice cream. i never knew the name of the leaf itself but i know about the flavor profile. pretty much anyone out there who loves vietnamese cuisine will know about the taste and not the name. the green leaves that you find in many vietnamese dessert and mostly in the che ba mau (3 color pudding). it's the green gelatinous stuff in that pudding. no words can describe it except maybe its the vanilla of the southeast asian cuisine but even better than vanilla! like miles better!i did asked them about a durian frozen treat but as they told me and as i knew about the very slim chance of it happening, it simply contaminates everything as durian is fucking foul smelling. i loathe the fruit but loved it in a milkshake so in ice cream form, it shouldn't be too bad. all i know for now is that they are working on a jackfruit sorbet. my favorite yellow fruit! can't wait for it.so yes, Kem CoBa is the king, well i should say the queen, of frozen treat in Montreal. the fact that they turned loved vietnamese flavors into frozen treats and that everything thing they do is flavor flavor flavor flavor and refused to offer something that isn't flavorful enough or doesn't rise above the competition makes them, to me, the reference of this city! you don't need crazy combo like bacon and maple syrup, even though its good to have, to stand out and to be loved by everyone!
5	I'm not that big on ice cream, but I had to go to this place due to all the raves. Boy, was everyone right! I had the blueberry sorbet mixed with chocolate and I swear, I have never had ice cream nor sorbet this good! My boyfriend had the salted butter and dulce de leche. He was as ecstatic as I was.This ice cream is the best because the flavors are extremely tasty and actually taste just like the real thing. Also ( I may be completely wrong), the ice cream and sorbet taste really natural. Just go!!
5	Came for the soft serve ice cream and was not disappointed.  House special was a 'twist' of coconut ice cream with fresh strawberry sorbet.  Also discovered they had a 'La Dua' flavour ice cream (Pandan Leaves).  If you've been in a Vietnamese restaurant or store, you've probably seen Pandan rice cakes.  Has a distinctive, rich coconut-y flavour.  Need to get this stuff by the litre.
5	Wow. Just wow. And they have mini cones for $1.60. The perfect size for me, as I don't want the calories but couldn't resist! And perfect for my husband to try more than one flavor. Absolutely incredible texture, mouth feel and flavors. Go! Run, don't walk!
5	Delicious! Delicious! Delicious! I got the pineapple mint, which itself is absolutely perfect on a warm Summer day!The storefront is eclectic and colorful, and there always seems to be a line of some sort. If you're in the Montreal area, be sure to stop by for some amazing frozen goodness! You won't be disappointed.
5	Stopped there after getting bagels. Cute place, very small. Not too many choices , but in their case it's a good thing. No indecisiveness over there !!!!! I went with a Duce de leche mini cone. Ohhhhhh it was heaven. Can't wait to go back and try other yummy flavors!Service was good, girls and the Guy were extremely nice! The mini cone only costed 1.89$ They are not expensive at all.Yes there is a line up, but it goes by very quick. There's seats outside right in front of the spot! Definately a place to check out!
5	Love their house serve banana & mango.  My sis tried their vietname one. It taste fantasy
5	One of a kind ice cream. Absolutely delicious. The soft serve is amazing, but my favorites are honey/peanut and dark chocolate. The texture is the best I've had. As good and maybe better than Havre aux glaces.Great service!
5	Wow, amazing ice cream, soft serve and sorbets.  We were taken here on a food tour and were able to chat with the owner for a little bit.  They were super friendly and gave us a little history about themselves.  I managed to sample a few of the ice creams and the soft serve.  I ended up with the sorbet since that what I was in the mood for.  Flavors change with what fruits are in season.  A place you must try while you're here.
5	The owners are fantastic and gave a brief history about the name and how they got started. They take pride in their craft and it's evident. Their sorbets and soft-serves are legendary! A must if you're traveling to Montreal! My favorite was their raspberry and pandan sorbets.
4	This place was quite good.I had a sampler of their Mango Sorbet and it was delicious.I ended up ordering the soft serve ice cream which they change flavours for every two weeks. For me, it was almond and sour cherry. The almond alone wasn't that great, and the sour cherry was, well... sour. combined, they kinda balanced each other out but i wouldn't say the two flavours best complimented either.
5	Well it's as good as the reviews suggest, of course, but might as well add another to the chorus. The people are kind and care about their craft. The special soft-serve twist of the day is pretty much always what you want (and by you I mean Me! Me! Me!) My favourite I think is the almond milk twisted with sour cherry. It just gets better as you eat it and the flavours melt and compliment each other, sharp and creamy. Sitting in the sun on Fairmount with this ice cream is one of life's simple sweet perfect pleasures, highly recommended.
5	picked up some bagels at Fairmount, noticed huge line outside of cute shop, proceeded to stumble blindly into probably the best ice cream experience i've ever had. life is beautiful sometimes.i've had their dulce de leche and salted butter, almond/cherry soft serve, and cinnamon/apple soft serve and all have been TOP NOTCH. the blend of flavours in all three cases was an unreal mix of creamy and flavourful goodness i could not get enough of. it's a colourful and fun little place and the two owners (?) were super nice and friendly. would return again and again (but it's closed for the winter, sad faces 4ever)
3	We were only in town for the weekend but happened to catch a food show about places in Montreal and on it they talked about the custom soft-serve ice cream flavours they produce. The next day we happened to be driving by, so stopped and got some cones. Very tasty! Friendly owners, cute set up! Would come back to try the next flavours.
5	The pandan icecream they have is my soulmate.Enough said.
