5	Eddie V's Prime Seafood Opens in Scottsdale QuarterMonday February 14,  Eddie V's opened their doors to the public in Scottsdale Quarter at Greenway  and Scottsdale Rd. After making the transition down the hill from DC Ranch I am thrilled to have this new location right in my own backyard.You know I am all about  Happy Hour In Scottsdale on Facebook , so here you go:The seven day a week happy hour from 4-7 leaves you no excuse to pass this one up. Even though Eddie Vs does not do happy hour on the cheap cheap you end up with the finest foods on your plate. Currently the discount is $ 2 off all drinks and $ 3 off all appetizers. The large finely crafted oval walnut bar anchors the lounge area flanked by intimate tables for open viewing enjoyment of the nightly live jazz sounds that Eddie Vs is known for.Appetizers like Tartare of Ahi Tuna, Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, Crispy Oysters (do not shy away from the curry), Maine Lobster Tacos, and Point Judith Calamari are all favorites. Serving sizes are enough to share between two or three people. The drink menu is extensive as well as the premium  wine list. If you are looking for the classiest Happy Hour In Scottsdale this is the place to go.Beyond happy hour Eddie Vs new location boasts 3 small - large private dining rooms that can be booked for private parties or conferences. A place you can use to impress your best clients. The abundant wine storage is a unique clear archway design where you can view all that Eddie Vs has to offer.The dinner menu includes 9 amazing and skillfully prepared Prime Seafood entrees, numerous Prime Steaks that melt in your mouth along with a Berkshire Double Pork Chop,  and  a double breast of chicken which can all be accompanied by luscious sauces and seafood.Most of all you don't want to miss the truffle mac and cheese that leaves you thinking about when you are going to be able to go back for more. Don't be afraid of the fresh beets! They are not the kind we grew up looking at as a kid. These are some premium root vegetables prepared to enhance any plate.As with all of the restaurants envisioned by Guy Villavaso and Larry Foles( the father of U of A quarterback Nick) you will never be disappointed with the highly skilled staffs commitment to the quality of your dining experience. The depth of the staff's education on product and service is impeccable! I hope you look forward to your next trip back as much as I do.Sorry my pix are sideways they were not that way when I uploaded them!
5	What a difference a few miles can make!  I've eaten at the DC Ranch location a few times and it was nice.  But, wow, what a turn around the new Scottsdale Quarter location has pulled off.  The menu has definitely been updated and the sushi bar is simply fantastic.  I had a yellowtail crudo with little fingerlime "eggs" - best sashimi I've had in years - hands down.  Live music in the lounge 7 nights a week?!  Great vibe, great scene, stunning decor.  Really, REALLY well done Eddie V's!
5	If you're looking for an amazing place to eat, come to Eddie V's.  I came here tonight with my family for my birthday and completely over indulged! Our server, Suzette, was super friendly and attentive.  She really brought our dining experience over the top.  The night started off with their calamari which was so flavorful and different than just your ordinary calamari!  For the main course, we enjoyed the bone-in rib eye, filet mignon, lobster, and seabass.  Our favorite side dish was the truffled macaroni and cheese!  To end the meal, we had a chocolate lava dessert - cooked to order.  Make sure you save room for that... it was fantastic!My parents were impressed with the ambience, the live music, and the amazing bathrooms!I will definitely be back soon... Be sure to make reservations.  We were lucky enough to find seating in the lounge area, but a reserved table/booth would have been nicer.
3	V's has been open 1 week at this location having moved from DC Ranch.Let's get right into it!  If you want excellent food this is as good as it gets in Scottsdale. Everything is prepared well and is very fresh. All the items on the menu are above expectations.However it is not worthy of 4 stars for several reasons. They all revolve around service and ambience. When entering you expect to be seated on time. We arrived five minutes before our reservation of 8pm  and waited 15 minutes past our time. You enter the doorway and are met with an "Outback" style cramped passageway full of patrons also waiting for seating. We were told to go to the bar and wait. Not what you expect from an upscale restaraunt even on a Friday evening.Our server was not as attentive to us (same as at the original location) and we felt rushed so as to turn our booth of  two quickly. He was not well versed about the menu and we knew more about it than he did. On ordering he forgot  to mention the special filet. So we had to rethink our choice.I hope that as time goes they will upgrade the greeting area with friendly staff, promptly honor your reservation and the waiters become more knowledgeable and considerate of every patron..The atmoshpere is loud and it felt as though we were in a cafeteria. The seating is very open and not private. It is the little things that are annoying when you are expecting and should get upscale service.  We were given a valet ticket ($3 dollars off valet charge) to validate  inside. Akward and not upscale. The appetizer was placed  in the middle of the table with no serving plates. We summoned a bus boy to get some small plates as our server was busy at other tables. Our plates sat on the table even after our after dinner cocktail was completed and only after we recieved our check. Eddie V's needs to  understand service will ruin an excellent kitchen.Ok, so as I said the food is beyond compare. Start with the crabcake., no fillers, flaky and as good as in Maryland. No reason to be critical of the seafood. It is as fresh as before. Note: They have a seafood bar off the main entrance that invites oysters on the half shell enthusiasts. Louisianna fresh. I opted for the rib eye bone-in and was not disappointed even though the server forgot? to add  the peppercorn au poivre. My guest had the filet special and it was ok but nothing special. Stick with the menu filet.We ordered the mac and cheese side (always a winner) and the spinach parmasean reggiano. They were excellent. Spinach was warm and garlic seasoned.If you are a local the 4-7 happy hour is the way to go. The bar is nicely positioned and the tables alongside are usually open. Appetizer specials are available at a reasonable discount. Without a doubt the bartenders are knowledgeable and skilled. Some of the best in the city that has many. If you are in town and in the Kierland area I would recommend Eddie V's. If the service improves they will be a top notch eatery.
5	I have been waiting to try the new Eddie V's at Scottsdale Quarter after they closed the Eddie V's at DC Ranch last year. Well I was not surprised to find the place was packed, when you walk in the front door directly to your left is the oyster bar where I met executive chef Tom Harvey creating delicious appetizers like Ahi tuna tartare, colossal shrimp cocktails and New England Jonah crab claws.Tom also let us samples some shrimp ceviche which was a perfect balance of citrus and shrimp and I noticed they have 3 sushi rolls on the menu as well. You must try the Maryland style all lump crab cake you will not be disappointed. If you decide to get the Kung Pao style calamari make sure you split it with a friend it is humongous the waiter used a fork lift and a crane just to place it on the table.For your entrees I recommend the macadamia crusted butterfish, chilean sea bass steamed Hong Kong style or you can order it with an almond crust. If one of your dinner guest is not in the mood for seafood you will like the 8oz or the 12oz filet mignon, 14 oz. veal chop or the 16oz rack of lamb.The service and the food here is astounding they have a live band a large bar area and valet parking what more can you ask for.
4	Went for happy hour at 4 p.m. on a Wed.  The place was quiet but packed shortly after 5 p.m.  Drinks are $2 off and appetizers $3 off.  Don't get fooled by the fancy drink menu, it's cheaper to order a "regular" drink, my large vodka martini was $5.We shared the calamari, excellent, the spicy tuna roll, very good, and the potstickers, pretty good.It's very dark and we had a table with no light above so it was very difficult to read the menu.  My only other complaint was that we had not finished the food but were asked no less than 10 times in about 15 minutes for them to clear our plates.  I know people were waiting for tables but we hadn't finished our drinks yet and were still grazing a bit.  We finally gave in and let them take it away.   Immediately three waiters scooped up everything and wiped off the table.  Get to hell out was the message.
5	Outstanding in every way. Well-designed, comfortable, a little too dark, maybe, but food and service are excellent. Fine menu. Valet parking. This place will be a regular stop for me.
2	The hostesses on St. Patrick's Day were rude little girls.  I would not return based on their attitudes seeing as how they were my first impression of the restaurant and how they treat people.  This was my first and last visit.  With so much competition in that area, there are plenty of other places to choose from where I am sure are more welcoming and less snotty.
5	Truly an exceptional experience. From the Kung Pao Calimari which was perfectly spiced to the Strip au Poivre everything was perfect can't wait to go back again when I'm in Scottsdale
4	At it's new location, Eddie V's picked up where it left off in DC Ranch in terms of food.  Ahi Tartare is always the choice for an appetizer, followed by some good old fashioned red meat.    The Fish Fans in our crew commented how fresh the sea bass was and how the mild seasoning enhanced the flavor - no shocker there.  The one ding that needs to put out there was service.   The restaurant was quite busy, particularly for a weeknight, but  details were just missed.  It goes without saying that an order of oysters should have an oyster fork with it (Too slimy to be a finger food).  And though I have heard it a million times before, I kind of missed the waiter's warning me to "be careful with the Atomic Horseradish; it's very hot."  Funny, how they never forgot this at the old place.  Finally, our waiter might well have been descended from used car salesmen as he tried to upsell us on almost everything possible.  It detracted from the ambience of a sophisticated evnvironment and a very good meal.  No worries, we'll give Eddie V's another chance to earn that fifth star.
5	The new 8,800-square-foot Eddie V's at Scottsdale Quarter includes three separate private dining rooms, in addition to the main dining areas, each with its own unique personality.  One room is dramatically situated in a round rotunda, where my partner and I had a wonderfully romantic dinner. Soft live jazz music played softly in the background while we enjoyed a cross section of delightful menu items.Dinner was truly memorable with a starter of Tuna Tartare. Beautiful sashimi quality tuna was set an top of diced mango then topped with just the slightest amount of sliced chile. The heat was mild and only helped to accentuate the sweetness of the fish and mango. This was followed up by a gorgeous long plate filled with a mix of lightly dusted flash fried calamari, julienne carrots and daikon drizzled with a sweet soy glaze. My entree was on the lighter side but was heavy on flavor. Crab Stuffed Shrimp were excellent; extra large shrimp were grilled then topped with sweet crab meat, panko bread crumbs and a lime finish. I couldn't stop eating there plump crustaceans. I did however stop long enough to try my partners perfectly tender Steak au Poivre.Dessert was a new take on an old classic, Bananas Foster Cake. As our waiter dumped brandy on top of the cake and set it on fire, even head in the dining room was on us, was quite a sight. The cake was the best finish to a extraordinary evening of food and romance.
4	I've been to the new place a couple of times now for happy hour.  Love the crab cake and the pot stickers are good too.  A little bit of an older crowd.  Get here by 5 PM to get a seat at the bar.
4	Good, but not as good as Ocean Club.  The new location is fantastic, and there is nothing to complain about here, but I'd rather dine at Mastro's.
4	Food, service, and ambiance were impeccable.  The only negative on our visit was the horrific lounge singer who proceeded to butcher multiple Beatles songs to the extent that I'm sure the deceased Beatles (RIP!) were rolling in their graves.  Fortunately he stopped at some point throughout the meal.  Sooooo on that unappetizing note, let's move on to the food...calamari - unbelievable!  Delicious, tender perfectly cooked and seasoned calamari with a great accompaniment of shallots, asian noodles, carrots, scallions, cashews, and red chiles in a lovely sauce.halibut cheeks benedict with lobster and Hollandaise - delicious.  perfectly cooked biscuits (says the Southern girl who knows my biscuits), the hollandaise was well-done - not too stiff, not too heavy, and perfectly cooked eggs.  The little side salad with it was just ok.lobster bisque - delicious.  Not too creamy, lots of lobster flavor goodness, pleasing texture.asparagus with hollandaise - tender, fresh baby asparagus corn - amazingly fresh and flavorful.  It was hard to stop eating it.bananas foster butter cakes - a bit too sweet for my taste but everyone else loved it.  The butter pecan ice cream was divine.godiva chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream - Oh.My.Goodness.  Were licking the plate not frowned upon (in some places,) I would have.Whitehaven Sauvignon Blanc - lovely, light, fresh bouquet.  Kim Crawford lovers will enjoy it.  from the moment you walk in the door, it's all about quick, efficient, professional service.  Everything we had was amazing. Definitely a great place for a special dinner.
5	We went on mother's day, and the food and service were both fantastic.  They were willing to cater to food allergies, and offer a new gluten free menu.   The food was so great I went back for a business dinner two nights later.  Not cheap - but worth the money!
4	This lovely establishment is located in the trendy Scottsdale Quarter. They have half off valet - which is great because the parking is awful.The filets are amazing here, and the Lobster Tacos are a must have. If you like seafood - get the Halibut when its served - you will not be disappointed. The staff and service is great. This restaurant had live jazz bands and a nice ambiance. Try not to look around too much while at the bar, all of the plastic surgery (typical for Scottsdale) will make you ask the question "What happen to your face?" I have never seen so much Botox, lip plumping, no expressions on your face, fake boobs, fake tans, and awful extensions in all my life. Who are the doctors performing these surgeries? The nose jobs alone will frighten Michael Jackson's surgeon. And then of course the guy in the really cute shirt - you wish you could compliment, and can't help but say "Nice shirt, too bad it wasn't in your size"Officially the most pretentious place in Scottsdale - but the food is so good and consistent - I have to keep coming back.
5	OMG - I have to agree with a previous poster about this being officially "the most pretentious place in Scottsdale" - and that's saying alot in Scottsdale!!!  Some of the folks in there could pass for puppets or something, definately not human.  Not to mention the serious cougar and manther component!  However none of this can take away from the fact that this is a fabulous restaurant with great food and service.We went on a Saturday during Happy Hour.  Since we had just come from iPic and were stuffed on popcorn, we decided to sit at the bar and have appetizers.  Service was impeccible and friendly.  I ordered my usual Hendrik's martini which was perfectly prepared, although not the same portion for the price youwould get at Mastro's.  My husband got an excellent strawberry mojito.  For apps we went with the crab cake and the pot stickers.  Crab cake was hands down the best I've ever eaten.  More crab than cake and hugh.  The potstickers were good too although the sauce was a bit too salty.  Other apps we saw go our were the calamari which looked great, the jumbo shorimp cocktail (the only thing that was jumbo in my estimation is the price.  $15 for 4 "extra large" at best shrimp), and the sushi rolls which looked OK but if you want sushi I'd go over to RA across the street.Overall it was a very good experience and the clientele is entertaining.  I'll definately go back for a full meal on a special occasion.
4	The food, service and ambiance were all above par, but we had a private party so extra attention was going our way. The service especially was top notch - I'd compare it to Mastro's as far as attentiveness. The ambiance is classy and comfortable - TV in the private room and the bar area. The food (had a pre-determined menu w/a party of 20), was great - surf and turf and not a complaint to be had. Wine list is better than most as well and the desserts were enjoyable as well - creme brulee and chocolate mousse cake had people collectivley saying "mmmmm". The people watching alone at the bar (they have a great happy hour - check out thier website) was worth the price of admission. People w/way too much money and time who can sit there and drink and eat enough to easily throw down $100 per person just cause its a Tuesday - remarkable! The restrooms have that peek-a-boo thing going between the mens and ladies rooms - adding an extra conversation piece when you get back to your table. I'd say its a solid go-to for a nicer than normal dinner out in the swank hood of Scottsdale. I'd go again for the happy hour for sure.
5	Filet - Awesome.  Cooked perfectly.  Maybe even better than Mastro'sCaesar Salad - Nothing special.  Mambo salad at Mastro's is much better.Truffled Macaroni and Cheese - Awesome.Godiva cake - It was luke warm by the time it was served.  Great place to people watch.  Way too much plastic surgery, exotic cars and skimpy clothing.  Scottsdale at its finest.Go for the food, stay for the free Cougar show!
5	Great happy hour the lobster tacos are amazing.
3	Sat at the bar with a friend, enjoyed good service but not so memorable steak.....the special 16oz bone in rib eye was mostly bone....could be a sign of the times in mid-week ghost town Scottsdale.
5	I have to revamp my review of this lovely establishment. This restaurant has blown me away with the best service and food I could possibly ask for. That is really saying a lot because I am pretty demanding at times. Lets start with Steve - the most amazing bartender I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He always puts a huge smile on my face and goes far above and beyond to make my experience at Eddie V's perfect. He always knows what I like to drink, makes my martini's perfect every time and when my beverage gets a little warm - he changes my glass - OMG I love him! You know when you just finished eating and your beverage has been untouched while you eat - and the second I go to drink it again - Steve is swapping glasses for a cold one. In addition, the management actually ordered Creme de Violet for me because I love it w/Hendricks Gin. I feel overwhelmed with love. Moving on to the fares - WOW! Best filet I have EVER had - and I have had a few. The cut is always perfect, the temperature is always perfect and they sear the outside until crisp - whoa baby!The simplest dish - roasted corn - tastes like heaven too. Who would think corn could be so sweet and crisp? They rock it. Lobster tacos - need I say more? I think not!! Amazing!I really hope this place stays in business forever and I will eat here as long as I can. This is a jewel in the city of Scottsdale where most restaurants don't care if you are happy. Keep up the good work Eddie V's.
4	The atmosphere is dark and sexy and the service was on par with my expectations. I ordered filet mignon w/ congnac sauce. My friend ordered bone-in rib eye. We shared the sauteed corn and a side of roasted brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious...I will definitely return again soon.
4	This Eddie V's migrated south from DC Ranch to the Scottsdale Quarter in February 2011.  They hit it out of the park in terms of layout, atmosphere, and energy.  Love the deep and dark wood combined with glass and soft lighting.  The bartop is a beautiful rich walnut.  It's the type of place you'd like to sit at for hours. Really like that there is a Happy Hour every day of the week.  Had two incredible Happy Hour appetizers: Lobster Tacos and Tuna Tartare.  The tacos each had the meat from one large claw, and were incredible.  Likewise with the Tartare, ample portion of high-quality tuna with avocado and mini grapefruit slices.  Very, very tasty.  Service was great. Michelle took care of us at the bar and was incredibly friendly, timely, and engaging.  She made our experience all the more enjoyable, and she's reason enough to return.  Looking forward to returning for a full dinner!
5	Three hours flew by last night at Eddy's.  Don't believe time is relative?  Compare three hours here to almost anywhere else.   The Good:  Crab Cake appetizer (wow), the wine list, haddock entree, stuffed shrimp, Godiva dessert, and the blueberry cobbler.  All simply perfect.The Bad:  We were there for three hours and it felt like 45 minutes.  So, clearly time speeds up in some sort of cosmic time-space twist, while eating at Eddie's.  I'm thinking this means one ages faster (bad).  However, this has not been independently verified. ;)Last, I have to say something about the service.  Sometimes, when eating at higher-end establishments, the service is almost "too servicing."  "Yes, sir, no sir, let me wipe your mouth sir, I can't talk to you like I'm a human, sir, it's against the rules."  Not so, here.  Very professional and knowledgable service, yet friendly and fun.  We even got surprised with a free dessert for being a "fun table!"  (And no, she didn't know I'd be Yelping.  Or, maybe she did.  Who cares!  Same result!)  Oh, I have to mention ambiance and dining room design....dark, moody, romantic.  Great place for a date....
1	A couple nights ago I went to Eddie V's for my brother's birthday. (A Thursday) He raves about this place yet I always remember the other location being just ok. Anyway, the atmosphere of the new location is nice. About what you would expect...dark and cozy, however....the bathrooms are well...creepy? There are no doors on the mens or women's bathrooms. Women can walk right by the mens bathroom and see everything. They are more like big open rooms with a sink on one side. It was eerily silent with off putting lighting. You almost feel like you're in a creepy, dank hotel lobby. I couldn't wait to get out of there and back to my table. Oh and ladies, FYI...we can hear EVERYTHING you are saying. The two bathrooms share one large space.Ok so let's get on to the meal. Before I came to Eddie's, I checked out the yelp reviews like I always do before I go to a new restaurant and made sure to try the crab cake. And let me tell you, everyone is correct. It's DELICIOUS. I just about licked the plate clean...and i'm not even a big seafood fan. Now, on to the main course. The whole reason my brother wanted to come to Eddie's was for an amazing steak. So both he and I ordered steak. He got the special which was a bone in filet mignon and I ordered the bone out filet mignon. We like our steaks cooked medium, pink all the way thru with no red. We always ask the server, regardless of where we go, what their version of medium is. He told us that their medium would be to our liking so we trusted that an excellent steakhouse would get it right......NOPE. Both $35+ steaks came out medium rare to RARE. My filet had ribbons of fat throughout the whole thing. Horrible cut of meat. I've had better cuts of meat at Outback. ZING! Everyone knows that when you order a steak and it's not cooked properly that it just ruins your meal. By the time they re-cook the SAME piece of meat its a charred burnt crisp. I decided to just eat mine but my brother sent it back and they STILL didn't get it right. Oh, on a side note, If you DO have a problem with your meat, the manager will come over with a light BLUE LED flashlight and inspect it like a medical autopsy. I mean come on...it made the meat look purple. GROSS. As far as my poor cut of meat...the manager could only say "we use the best cuts of meat" really? Our waiter was nice, my only gripe about the service was that our plates were taken away from us from the bus boy without being asked if we were done yet. BIG NO NO. In conclusion, The manager took the birthday boy's steak off the check. There was no special treatment for the occasion. I read in one review that someone got a birthday card signed by all the staff. That never happened. I gave Eddie's two stars instead of one only because of the crab cake. I will never come back here for steak. I suggest sticking with the seafood items.UPDATE:We received a credit to come back, hoping they could cook a filet correctly. THEY DID IT AGAIN! The can not properly cook a piece of meat. End of story. 1 star now.
4	Went for Happy Hour on a Friday evening and it was wonderful.  Rather crowded around 5:30 though this is to be expected and it is wonderful to see a restaurant so crowded.Very nice ambiance, friendly and helpful wait staff (even when I did my best to get a recipe out of them to no avail this was all taken in stride so I figure they must hear this quite a bit) and the food?  Delicious!I can't say that I have had a Crab Cake appetizer with so much crab meat in it and without excessive breading and just the right blend of spices to make each bite sing.  The sauce was a perfect balance to the Crab Cake itself.The calamari appetizer was delicious, everything was fresh and again so balanced.  A delight.Very nice wine list, I played it safe and went with the Kim Crawford.I would *definitely* go back!There truly did seem to be some kind of a time warp going on in there though because time just flew by though I personally didn't mind one bit.  I highly recommend Eddie V's!
3	Came in last night and ordered the $9 glass of "The Crusher" Pinot Noir. It was gummy and spoiled tasting - like it was from a 3-day opened bottle. She kindly hurried me out a replacement Pinot at a $12/glass price point (I forget the name - "Glos" something), and still wasn't impressed, though at least it wasn't terrible. They removed any wine charge from my bill, which was a classy move. For food I ordered the shaved steak tartare with crostini, which was very good. It went well with the pinot. The ambiance is relaxed-upscale and elegant. Good place to impress your date. I haven't done the dinner for 2 thing here yet, so my assessment probably isn't fully informed.  I'll be back and update my review someday, I'm sure.
3	I'm not sure if Eddie V.'s is owned by a man destined for his adult life to live in the shadow of the eponymous musician or a marketer unafraid of lawsuits seeking to capitulate on the automatic association with the aforementioned, but I am sure it's a steak and seafood house hoping to use Asian influences as the secret weapon against Morton's, Capital Grille and several other nearby clones/competitors. (I'm surprised this didn't disqualify it from parental selection, but I realize that the undertones are largely dismissable if one does not latch onto them in the hope of eating something with a flavor that isn't salt.)Ornate but still permitting casual as few feel like dapper gentlemen and ladies on top of the world in 110+ degree heat, the decor is typical for its class and affable, straightforward service meets the expectations set by the price tag. I'd like to be writing a review of the more adventurous-sounding options here, but while I would feel more comfortable with "Hong Kong style" steamed fish not being "mildly inspired by a Western interpretation of Hong Kong" in a Chinatown, the presence of sushi conclusively made me averse to it. The following made the C. family cut:- Jumbo Gulf Shrimp ($14): Nothing colossal or unusual about the cocktail. - Hawaiian Yellowtail Sashimi ($15): A texture and flavor hit but tiny for the price.- Pacific Ahi Tuna ($29): A strong, soft high note, as was the accompanying fruit, vegetable and nut salad.- 12oz Filet ($40): Appropriately tender but disappointingly over-salted in the kitchen.- Sauteed Spinach ($5): Would've been better without the shameful pool of oil.- P-R Fries ($5): A massive, cheesy half-order that only truffle could have improved.- Blackberry Cobbler: Overpoweringly sweet. (Asian moderation was needed here.)- Molten Godiva Cake: Barely one stop short of chocolate overload but still too sweet.For the contending class defined by its price range, Eddie V.'s offerings are a set of great ideas which unfortunately fall short in the execution even if it feels like not for a lack of trying. This restaurant relocated relatively recently and I'm unclear if they lost the magic or are experimenting trying to obtain some but for now I'd approach it with somewhere between cautious optimism and proactively limited expectations. That said, if it weathers the storm of increasing density of the formula in a few block radius, I'd try it again.
4	I went to Eddie V's for happy hour on Saturday night and loved the vibe. Talk about people watching! It was a very interesting and entertaining crowd.I sat at the bar (which has the best views) and enjoyed the amazing calamari (best ever) and the beef carpacchio. Those two apps were plenty to tide over my husband and I and we enjoyed a couple of cocktails as well. I must admit, it was a pricey happy hour, but if you're looking for an upscale place that feels comfortable. I'd definitely recommend!
3	This is our first time visiting the new location. We took my Mom for her birthday. The hostess gave her a birthday card signed by some of the staff which was very nice. We took advantage of restaurant week and each ordered our appetizers.  Mine and my Mom's came out first, yet my husbands took forever. I was already done with mine by the time his came out and the waitress didn't even apologize. That was disappointing. The rest of our meal was good- not amazing, but good. The desserts were AMAZING though- SO good! We had the chocolate lava cake, the banana foster and the creme brulee.  They were huge portions.  I have to mention that the bathrooms were also pretty cool.  Gotta check them out. All in all, the best thing about our dining experience was the dessert and the restrooms.  Not sure that's worth a hefty bill, but might be worth revisiting for happy hour.
2	I don't  want this review to discourage you from going; I want it to make you aware they may have significant kitchen issues when it comes to the cooked food.  I really like the feel of the place; have eaten there twice.  Highly recommend sitting at the bar and eating the sushi/seafood.  Here's where the problem came from:  after Sushi (which was fabulous), we decided to try main courses.  We ordered a prime new york strip (they were out of prime filets) with the crab & asparagus topping (approx. $55 - not cheap, but worth it if the kitchen knows how to make it), along with the fried oysters as recommended by the bartender.  Sounds like a truly decadent meal, right?  WRONG!!!!!!  The Medium-Rare Steak, not only came out fully cooked, but even worse, came out as what I call "baked steak" - slowly cooked.  I couldn't believe it.  So, if you want a prime steak, personally, I would go to a restaurant that is good at making them, such as Flemings or Mortons or Maestros.  If you still decide to go here & want to have steak, be warned.  Also, they forgot to deliver our fried oysters and when I asked how much longer for the oysters, they suddenly appeared, completely cold.  So, we had a very very disappointing meal.  However, I would still definitely go back to sit at the bar and have sushi.
5	Just finished a fabulous dinner there.  My wife had the seafood (halibut) and it was simple yet delicious.  I had the NY Strip steak and it also was served simply and quite tasty.We had 2 appetizers, lump crab cake and kung pow calamari.  The crab cake was just that - a small cake made entirely from crab.  Like it's supposed to be. No filler there.The calamari was served in a bed of asian fixings. Sprouts, peanuts, carrot slivers, etc.  Once you were able to pick out the calamari it was a spicy treat.2 things to take away from here.  The kung pow calamari appetizer was really a very busy dish.The NY Strip steak was THICK.  I was raised on my thinner cuts I guess but be prepared.  It looks like everything that's ordered there is well portioned.Thumbs up!Dinner for 2, 2 drinks 2 appetizers, 2 main dishes, 2 desserts.  $200 with tip.
5	AMAZING. Everything we had was the best we have eaten; sushi, crab cakes, oysters!  It's a MUST if near the Scottsdale Quarter!  We chose to eat there 2 nights in a row, once for a reserved dinner and the other for the happy hour.
5	The new restaurant is first rate - gorgeous interior, great service, great food.  Very busy, great atmosphere.
5	Great restaurant. Food was fantastic. The crab cake is a MUST. The special of raw scallops were so good! Service was perfect. The band playing Saturday night was really good ! We live closer to Wild Fish so we probably won't drive up to Scottsdale Quarter but I would recommend trying either when you can.
5	i brought some visiting guests here for dinner one night to celebrate an early new year.they are visitors from OC, so i knew it would be difficult to impress them... but with eddie v's, i was successful!this place has great live music, a fantastic menu, impeccable service, and an overall fun and classy ambience.we will be dining here again. i recommend trying the chilean sea bass, hong kong style and the truffle mac and cheese.this is a phenomenal restaurant -- do yourself a favor and dine here!
5	Really Wonderful restaurant!!! We had such a great meal here for a nice occasion. The Lobster Tacos appetizers were out of this world!!! The restaurant has  a really nice atmosphere, very intimate and beautiful inside. It was a fabulous dinner... I wish I had ordered the Lobster Tacos as a main course!!! I have to say it again, best lobster tacos EVER!!
4	Good.  Actually, the steak was better here than I've had at Mortons.  Lounge music was kind of pain in the ass.
4	One of the best seafood restaurants I've eaten at... Only critique I think is maybe the service was a little all over the place but still good!
2	I'm not sure what the 'V' stands for, but I think it means Eddie V's off course, a little more often than not. At least that's sums up all my experiences.I've been here three times, hoping at least one them would have supported what my fellow D.C. Ranchers are always spouting-off about this place. I've concluded that perhaps in their drug-addled youth, they got a hold of some bad LSD, predisposing them to the belief that if something costs an assload, it must be good.A ridiculously small lunch portion of halibut forced a visit to the nearby candy store,'Sugar', where I loaded up on my childhood faves, got a sugar rush that made my heart palpitate, and got into a fight with my wife for not sharing my Charleston Chew with her.I was hungry. And Eddie V's made me hungry.But he won't do it again.Because I know something he doesn't.Thrice bitten, followed by a sugaring of near fatal proportions, four times shy,
5	ok Go to the Dallas store ALL the time but Erin made me feel more at home than Ian usually does.....  Sorry Ian.  Food is what I expect for Eddie V's.  Menu is a bit different and still excellent.  Will definitely go to this location again when next n Phoenix!
5	Beautiful restaurant.  Excellent food. Great service!
5	Great groceries and fantastic service, keep it up.
4	Miss Eddie V's being at DC Ranch .. it was closer to home.  Anyway, the new digs at Scottsdale Quarter are worth the drive.  The food and atmosphere are still excellent! Had some raw oysters, shrimp and the Point Judith Calamari to start.  The calamari was very tasty and I could have had to entire order myself as an entree.  Had the scallops which were heavenly!  My companions also seemed to enjoy all of their entrees as well. My husband and I love Mastro's for steaks.  He had the bone-in rib eye and said it was just as good, if not better than Mastro's.  Docking them a star because the server tried to push the extras, especially the seafood tower when we ordered appetizers.  Otherwise,we love this place.
5	Stopped in on a late Saturday afternoon for happy hour and sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was incredibly nice and kept making us samples of stuff. We ordered oysters and lump crab with avocado. Both dishes were great, especially the oysters and I'm usually not an oyster fan. The place is very upscale but no one made us feel uncomfortable in jeans and tees. I'll be going back for sure.
5	Had a very great dining experience here on Saturday night with a friend. Our waiter was overly friendly and informational. As far as the resturant - I don't want to sound like my dad, but the live music was a little loud.  Additionally it seemed like everyone in Scottsdale was celebrating a birthday on Saturday night.With regards to the food - order the crab cakes - I thought Maryland had great crab cakes until I ate at Eddie V's - simply amazing.  Although not on the online menu I would highly recommend the Swordfish served with diced tomatoes, onions and avacado in a vinegar sauce.  Overall a great dining experience. Would highly recommend.
3	Well, it was nice to finally try the new location after we've moved away. A little tricky getting into the center, parking or valet otherwise. Once in, we were able to go to the bar and grab a seat. Seems pretty typical like that last DC Ranch location...there was live music and of course attractive people. Good people watching. I would have to agree with Brent K about the music being a little loud. But whatevs. Drinks and apps were good. Next time we are in, we will have the entrees we miss...the filet and parmesan sole.
5	We ate here last night to celebrate our 16th anniversary.  I used open table to set up the reservation and also ordered flowers through FlowerPetal.  Eddie V's set up the roses and made a rose petal heart around the vase.  :)We both had the filet mignon which were cooked perfectly to medium rare.  Our waiter, Brian, was attentive, helpful and professional.  He helped suggest a wine that suited both of us perfectly.Get the banana Foster butter cake.  OMG it was AWESOME.  Dude.The manager also stopped by our table and wished us a happy anniversary and stayed and chatted for a few minutes.Every time we've been to Eddie V's we've been treated like VIPs.  We love it!
5	Eddie V's is probably the best  steak and seafood restaurant in Scottsdale. Good wine list.Amazing oysters.Great sushi rolls.They can cook a steak.The side veggies are good too.The decor and furniture are very classy.  Bring a date here if  you want to impress.The band is awesome.  They are a talented trio.  Go Rebecca!Check it out.  Eddie V's is at the North East corner of the Scottsdale Quarter.
4	Maybe even a 5.We had the seafood tower which was priced in the area between $65 and $70.  That may sound like a lot for an appetizer, but it had 8 oysters, 8 shrimp, a bunch of lump crab and about a 1 1/2 pound lobster.  For that much stuff...heck of a value.Not that we had a lot of room left over, but we ordered more.  12 oz filet...very good, although it had to go back to the kitchen twice to get it cooked to my order.  Brussel sprouts...a little bitter but still good.  Crab fired rice...OMFG!!!  Real good.  Had the butter cake foster.  Very good, but I could have done without the 151 flambe.Notwithstanding my minor issues above, still very good overall.  Pricey place to eat but overall worth it.FWIW, the music wasn't a pain in the ass this time.
4	Sat at bar after walking out of tru food due to crappy service, great service by Arianna. Had the halibut it was perfect! Wines by the glass a little weakA little pricey but worth it
2	This place is a bit stuffy. It's nice and all, but let me put it this way- this place is very age specific (like most of Scottsdale I suppose). You will have a lot of people in their late forties and up here- not that there's anything wrong with that.I like some of the food,especially the tuna tartare, but they do some sort of sushi-American fusion roll that really sucks. I complain because it is one of the most expensive small plates on the menu and the number one thing the bartenders recommend (more on the bartenders... ahem...  'recommendations' later). So this roll consists mainly of lobster and high quality beef but then they go and ruin it by smothering the 2 indulgent ingredients in a sauce that overwhelms the entire plate, and the sushi rice is gross and kind of mealy. That roll pisses me off. It needs editing, but I guess it reminds me of some of the unedited clientele I see at Eddie V's as well- like the bleached platinum blond girl with a hair piece, fake eyelashes, dark navy eye shadow, oompa loompa tan, injected lips, caked on makeup, fake boobs, fake claws, wearing a skin tight designer t-shirt along with a thousand dollar handbag and $400  jeans to coordinate with her stripper shoes and abundantly accessorized sterling silver Tiffany's jewelry that sat by me last visit. I mean each element of her style probably works on its own, but all together it looks like a Vogue magazine threw up on her. That's sort of what the roll was for me. (BTW, she ordered the same thing- the roll- and liked it, so what's that tell you?)Now, for my big gripe. I can describe the type of wine I like quite well. I will ask for something that tastes a certain way and immediately every bartender- no matter what description I give- will direct me to the 2 most expensive wines by the glass (around $25 a glass) on the menu. Price does not equal quality and I find it offensive when I taste the $25 glass of  wine and it in no way mirrors what I was asking for. I feel like they are just trying to up-sell me without considering my taste. I get it. I work in sales too, but I think it's more important to give the customer what they want rather than try to push them into spending more money. Also, if I don't choose the most expensive wines, they kind of shrug their shoulders as if implying that all the other wines on the menu suck. I'm of the thinking that nothing on the menu should suck or not be worth suggesting in one way or another, so for that they get 2 stars. I have a feeling it's the staff more than the menu that is the problem.
5	Wow. My wife and I are diehard foodies. We now wish everyday was an Eddie V's day. This place was awesome. It exceeded every expectation. We used to go to Ocean Club weekly but we have converted to Eddie V's. they don't pack you in like sardines as OC does. Service is better. Food is as good if not better. The bar is unbelievably comfortable and the live music is some of the best I've heard. Do yourself a favor and drop OC and come over to Eddie. The Banana Foster is a gift from the food gods.
4	The very best lemon sole....ever!  Maybe the best fish I have ever had.  Just delicious!!  Bread was excellent.  Didn't care for the scallops. Service and entertainment was great. Chocholate martini was super.  Blackberry cobbler had a good flavor, but the crust was not the best.
2	Took my parents here for heir last night's dinner in Arizona and wanted them to have a good time, well, i didn't think it was the right choice.Upon arrival, the restaurant called me to confirm my reservation i made through Opentable.com, which was very nice, and I specifically asked to be seated at a table that's quiet and has less traffic going through. As soon as we entered the restaurant, the loud music and open bar gave us a bit of shock, had only I know the atmosphere was like this, we would have gone somewhere else... at 6:30pm, this place was packed, again, not as I expected. We were taken to a bit of inner area of the restaurant, it was far enough to avoid the bar crowd, still the loud live music could not be ignored. Overall the restaurant is very dark, not sure what they were trying to have for this kind of moment, can't be romantic or cozy, simply because the music is way too loud. Decor is just, let's say, interesting...Our server was very nice, he offered us some water and warm bread immediately, and went us through the specials for the night. Both my parents liked the bread a lot so we asked for a second after placing our appetizer order. The bread came out very quickly, nice and warm outside, after splitting a piece, we found out it was ice cold inside, I'm not even joking, it was like ice in the middle, I was immediately turned down, WTF?? Did my bread just came out of the freezer and went through the microwave before arriving to my table?? It was very unpleasant... it's okay if you don't have them in-house made, but don't fake it like you did and try to serve it nice and warm when you failed to defrost the middle,  such a disappointment.Our shrimp cocktail came right after placing the dinner order. Yes, they were some nice and big shrimps, but there were only four of them, yes, I paid $14 to have FOUR shrimps, I admitted they were tasty, but really? The entrees come out pretty fast and they were all very good, thank god the food was good. We had the Scallops, Chilean Sea Bass and the Lobster tail along with some steamed asparagus. All the dishes had some very nice presentations, and all very tasty, especially loved the scallops with the hint of almonds and citrus fruit (grapefruit and orange), the slightly bitter taste of the grapefruit was such a good complement to the rich scallops. We came out feeling very good about the food (minus the bread), but not so much about the restaurant itself. Like I said, had I know the atmosphere, I'd go to Ruth Chris. I can't really tell what kind of occasion would make me come back for more, it's so dark and so loud that it doesn't seem to fit for any, well, at least not for me...Overall, entrees are a 4-star rating, definitely not the bread (maybe because it was free??). Decent service. Interesting crowds. And I do not like how dark it is, way too dark... so yeah, not a family gathering kind of place, no romantic cells, no classy, not trendy, upscale (?), huge selection of wine, oh right, expense accounts, anyone?
4	Uncle Eddie...Uncle Eddie. I love Uncle Eddie. This place ozzes class and sophistication. The dim lit ambiance and great live jazz being played made for a great eating experience. I ordered the prime rib and this was delicious! Being from Seattle it didn't make sense to order seafood. I mean come on.. the seafood can't be as fresh as Seattle. But I digress... come here. This place rocks.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE X 1000.  This place lived up to all of our expectations and recommendations and I only wish I would have checked it out sooner.  We went on a crowded Saturday night with some friends and made sure to have reservations.  The staff was beyond nice and so friendly and the place was bananas packed.  The food was superb.  I mean, seriously great.  I ordered the Scallops with a light brown sugar sauce and asaparagus on the side.  The Bf ordered the 8oz filet mignon and the twice baked potato side.  We each ordered 2 drinks a piece, which, I have to say Eddie V's makes a damn good dirty martini and their blue cheese stuffed olives are to DIE for.  Then dessert...oh sweet sweet dessert.  The bananas' foster was undeniabley the best dessert I have ever had.  It comes out flaming and the ice cream (we got vanilla, I detest butter pecan ice cream) was perfect to the warm goo-ey-ness of the cake which was a little carmel like...there are no words to explain how amazing this dessert was.All in all with 4 drinks, an app, 2 meals, 2 accompaniements and dessert with tip for under $200..yhis place is a no brainer.
5	My husband and I look forward to the end of the week when we can relax and enjoy an amazing meal. Whenever we don't want to take a chance on a new restaurant dining experience, for fear of being let down, we head to where we know the food is awesome, the service is exceptional, the atmosphere is beautiful and the desert is perfect. Eddie V's never, ever disappoints!  We absolutely love, love, love Eddie V's!
5	My father in law took us to this wonderful place when we were visiting him and it made such a great impression on us that we decided to have our rehersal diner here! (We had destination wedding.) The food is fantastic and the ambiance is classy but not stuffy. We felt very comfortable and taken care of here. When organizing our rehersal dinner, the communication to and from the restaurant was prompt and detailed. They printed special menu for us with our names on the top - it was a nice touch and great addition to our wedding scrapbook. We are looking forward coming here again whenever we are back in Arizona.
5	So - back to Eddie V's on a "leisurely" Wednesday night.... only to have the most AMAZING experience yet!  In the V lounge, where the live music is at, the vibe and energy was off the charts.  They had a trio - Al Ortiz - and he was phenomenal.  I found out he plays with Stevie Nicks for 20 years or so.  That's some impressive talent and it was so much fun.  I tell you, there just isn't anyplace like Eddie Vs for the entertainment and cuisine.  Not exactly a 'hidden gem' - but I was shocked the lounge wasn't packed to capacity with such talent on stage.  All the better for me until the word gets out, I suppose.
4	Went to Eddie V's for the first time. EXCELLENT! The service, ambiance, decor and food were each first-rate. I highly recommend Eddy V's when on a date with that special someone, special occasions, and impressing friends and relatives from out of town. It must be experienced to be appreciated.
5	bartenders rock.the best espresso martini anywhere!! the calamari is awesome.the atmosphere is romantic and the jazz band is great.we will be back again and again.
5	Thank-you to Stefan for making our dining experience one we will never forget. The food was cooked perfect! We were treated like VIP's. Sushi rolls, Scallops, Seared Ahi Tuna (to die for), Halibut, Shrimp, Filet Mignon, Mac n cheese, Asparagus, salad, and desert. We were not rushed, Stefan made sure that our small child got his plate right away.  I cannot say enough about Stefan, Paul, and Dillon. It was the perfect dining experience. We will be back.
5	When I made our reservation, I jokingly added a note that my wife and I were celebrating our 16.5 wedding anniversary.  Eddie V's, though, took it seriously and pulled out all the stops - rose petals on our table, signed Happy Anniversary card, and free dessert.  I mentioned several times that it wasn't really our anniversary, but they would hear nothing about that!  LOVED IT!  We will be going back as often as we can!
2	My husband and I ate here last weekend for a special night out, but I was let down. It usually really bothers me when people complain about the service at nice places not being immaculate because no one's perfect. I generally avoid such complaints and focus on the food. This is going to be an exception to the rule. It all started with the BUG in my husband's water! A dead floating little bug! I expect better at a place like this on a nice night out. When we told the waiter, he simply whisked the glass away, softly stating he'd bring him right out a new glass. No apologies, no acknowledgement that anything was out of the ordinary... is this how nice places handle mistakes of this nature? Just fix it and don't dwell? I can appreciate a quick fix of such a disturbing issue, but we were put off by how it was handled. On top of it, we definitely felt neglected from that point forward. The waiter for the tables around us spent time with his tables going over the options in a friendly manner... Maybe after the bug he figured he wasn't going to be able to recover a good tip so why bother with us? It was very awkward. Overall, the food was pretty good. The tuna tartare was OK, but not amazing. I had the Nantucket Bay scallop special feature in part because the combination mentioned on the website's menu page intrigued me - scallops, brown butter, almonds and grapes with chives. What they actually brought out had tomatoes instead of grapes and no chives. It was still quite tasty, but left me feeling a bit deceived and wondering what I was missing. We also got the crab fried rice everyone raves about here, but it was shocked at how spicy it was when it said nothing about this on the menu. It was OK, but  I couldn't taste the crab at all because of the spice, which was disappointing because I love crab. Also, the Asian flavors were out of place in combination with my meal, and I had wished the waiter would have counseled us on our choices a bit more. My husband got the steak au poivre that we loved at Wildfish. I wasn't impressed this time, but he still enjoyed it. The bananas foster dessert was spectacular though - don't miss it!After these issues, this place will not be on my list of places to return, which is a shame because I work 1 minute away. :-(
5	Reservation for 5 to celebrate my 50th Birthday . We sat toward the back of the restaurant, less noisy. Our server, Rick, 1st off asked if I was the guest of honor and then wished me a Happy Birthday and from then on... food, service, atmosphere were all 5 stars. Appetizer's: Market Oysters, Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, Maine Lobster & Shrimp Bisque, all excellent. Entrees: North Altantic Lemon Sole, Chilean Sea Bass, & the 8oz Fillet Mignon, all excellent. Sides: Chive French Fries, Crab Fried Rice & Mac & Cheese were very good. We ended the evening with coffees a wonderful Birthday Chocolate Cake with Ice Cream (complimentary). Not 1 Single complaint.
5	This was my first visit to Eddie V's and our party of four was not disappointed...in fact we were very impressed!  Our server Rocco gave us impeccable attention - and just the right amount of it. We had a spicy tuna roll and Yellowtail sashimi as appetizers - both we're delicious and beautiful. We all ordered a surf & turf combo with a lobster tail and a steak choice. I chose the 8 oz filet and my companions all chose the 16 oz New York strip. The beef was flavorful, tender, and perfectly grilled. Clearly their claims of steaks aged 28 days are true - these we're exceptional steaks. The lobster tail was nicely prepared table side and attractively plated and served with our steaks. The soulful tunes from the trio in the lounge added just the right vibe to match the modern interior ambiance and five-star food.  It was a marvelous evening of dining and I can't wait to return!
5	Love this restaurant! The food, drinks and atmosphere are excellent!
4	Everything was very good.  The ambiance, the service and especially the food.  The crab cake appetizer was delicious!  So was the filet mignon, the lobster and the chocolate Godiva lava cake.  Will definitely be going back!
4	Went there for a business dinner. All of the meals were great, good wine list. The bananas foster dessert was amazing.
5	BEST RESTAURANT EVER!!! - I have written other reviews for this lovely establishment, and sometimes, after a series of amazing meals and cocktails here, I feel like I need to write something new.  If you live in AZ, or visit AZ, if you do not try this wonderful restaurant, you are missing out on the finest dining experience I have ever had.  To some, that may not seem like a bold statement, however, I travel and dine at a lot of restaurants.  I have experienced some of the finest restaurants and cuisine in the world, and Eddie V's has raised the bar so high, there are only a handful of places that you can compare them to.  Typically I dine in the V Lounge, and on weekends, this bar is so busy, people are standing three deep drinking and enjoying the music and atmosphere.  The service at the bar has recently exceeded even my expectations.  I am sure finding good bartenders is a tedious task, but currently they have "nailed it".  Eddie V's has always had a couple of strong bartenders, but they currently have three really strong, amazing bartenders, and one fantastic bar back.  Together they do not miss a beat.  No matter how busy they get, they are all fun, personable and provide excellent service.  Eddie V's latest addition to the bar staff, was a shock to me, but has proven himself to be a stellar performer.  When I first met him, I was skeptical, as I am typically accustomed to Steve making my perfect cocktail.  The day I met this new bartender, whose name is Mike, I had a really rough day, and did not feel like training someone to craft my beverage.  Much to my apprehension, Mike crafted a perfect beverage.  I later learned, he was actually a paramedic by profession, and during the particular visit, I had a headache.  Mike asked if he could show me something to relieve it, again skeptical, but intrigued.  Mike came around, held a few pressure points in my poor aching head, and about 2 minutes later, headache was gone.  In addition to perfect cocktails and perfect food, I was given the opportunity to meet someone that I hope will remain with Eddie V's for years to come.  I believe he truly is an asset to this team. I have entertained multiple vendors, friends and employees in the V Bar, and Mike makes everyone of them feel like a "regular" customer.  Mike is always happy, always smiling, always fun and never seems to get stressed or bothered by anything around him, and I always leave feeling like I am the most important person in the world.  Mike just has an innate ability to transfer his amazing, positive energy to the entire room. If you have never had the pleasure of having a bartender that you immediately feel like they are your friend, then please stop and meet Mike. He would love to welcome you!
5	We sat at the bar for an hour and enjoyed the ambience.  The four of us were seated and we ordered appetizers of fresh oysters and crab cakes.  There was no filler in the cake, only pulled crab.  The oysters were fresh.  We ordered sea bass, sword fish, ribeye with bone, and the sides were warm baby beets, truffle mac n cheese, double baked potatoes and asparagus. We ordered a great bottle of wine and than we had the bananas foster for desert.  The service was spot on.  A great dining experience.
5	One word: Crab Cake.I know this is a corporate type cookie cutter restaurant, but it is hard to deny the pimp that is Eddie V's.First of all, they have live music and hire good musicians. I know, cause I've played here. A particularly great night to come is Sunday, as "The New Wrecking Crew" throws down some out jazzy noises, but everyone playing there is legit.Second, everything I've eaten there is top notch. Maine Lobster Tacos... oh yeah.Truffle mac and chac is banging.Steak carpaccio is killing it.I haven't even touched on an entree' yet.They have a sushi bar too.The one thing that pushed this joint over the edge for me is the crab cake.This is the most glorious crab cake you will get in AZ.  Crabby as hell with just enough other stuff to hold it together.  The crab is fresh and high grade.  Man it tastes so good, I'm about ready to go get one now.Did I mention they have Duvel?  That's right if you're going to have a limited selection of beer, go for the gusto.The service here is great and the management is incredibly nice... I don't think I've worked as a musician at a restaurant that has nicer management.This place is expensive, but it's definitely well worth it.
5	Friday night late reservations - sat at the bar instead. Considerate service, incredible food. My crab cake was pure Maryland style, lots of crab, not much filler. Husband had the Kung Pao calamari - spicy, just hot enough and tender calamari. Dinner was Parmesan crusted lemon sole for me and sea fresh scallops for Husband. We also ordered a side of roasted beets. Both dishes were wonderful, and the scallops were moist and sweet and BIG. We took home doggy bags as it was way too much food. They do offer half portions and we will take advantage of that option at next visit. I think we have a new favorite!
5	Hear this all you fancy-schmancy dining establishments that got 2 or 3 stars from me for charging prices you didn't live up to  -  MY BEST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE IN THE LAST YEAR WAS AT EDDIE V's AND I GLADLY SPENT EVEN MORE BECAUSE OF IT.Eddie V's gets it.  Figure out what's important to each person at the table, especially the one paying the check, and give it to them.  They picked up on our personalities right away (me the persnickety curmudgeon and my dining partner the obnoxious boor) and gave each of us what we wanted (me perfectly executed food and reasonably priced good wine and, I'll admit, some kissing up for my stepping up for the $$$$$; and my dining partner got someone to laugh at his witty banter).  I had asked for a quiet table in our online res, and they did seat us in a booth in the corner not too close to the tourists and per diem-ers.We had a wonderful time.  The restaurant is lovely, dimly lit, white tablecloths.  Our booth was near the wine room so I could gaze longingly at the bottles when the conversation waned.   We ordered and ordered, shrimp cocktail, bisque, salad for appearances sake, filet, some other wonderful shellfish entree I'm allergic to so can't recall and the best dessert I've had in a while, that flaming bananas foster cake with butter pecan ice cream good enough to bring a southern girl to her knees.  So we're thinking as we walk out into the Scottsdale Quarter shops that we should probably walk off some of this feast.  We really did try, but only got as far as the parking garage.  It's hard walking with 40 extra pounds of dinner in you.  The car's suspension took a beating on the way home to be sure.Worth every penny and generous tip.  Thank you Eddie V's for restoring my faith in fine dining establishments.
5	Met some colleagues here for dinner one evening.  Located in the Scottsdale Quarter, this high end restaurant is a great place for dinner.  If you're price sensitive, this is not the place for you....don't even bother.  Our reservation was for 6:45 pm and it was jam packed, good thing we called ahead.  We were promptly seated in the main dining room.After browsing the extensive menu, I decided to order:Baby Iceberg BLT Wedge - (Bacon, Maytag Blue Cheese, Buttermilk-Chive Dressing), $9Twin Lobster Tails - Broiled, MKT PriceTruffle Mac 'n Cheese, $6 (for small portion)Godiva Chocolate w/Vanilla Ice CreamAll of the food was excellent.  The Twin Lobster Tails were perfect and came with Butter to dip them in.  They were so good, I used very little Butter.  I enjoyed the broiled flavor on it's own.  The Truffle Mac 'n Cheese was very rich & creamy, amazing.The BLT Wedge was very good too, but the portion was too large and I had to leave 1/2 of it because I didn't want to be full when my entree came out.At the urging of my colleagues, I ordered the Godiva Chocolate w/Vanilla Ice Cream.  It was awesome, but very rich.  I had to split it with everyone because there was no way I could finish it after the big meal.  The hot Godiva Chocolate oozed out of the center of the Cake....and the Vanilla Ice Cream complimented it perfectly.The service here was impeccable.  They have a great staff.  Can't wait for my next visit.Return Factor - 100%
3	Great happy hour! Service is wonderful
4	We came to Eddie V's about a week ago for an early birthday celebration.  We were a little early, but we were seated and served bread while we waited for the rest of our party.  The birthday boy got a card at his place setting, which was a nice touch.  A few tables down, rose petals adorned the table cloth.  This place knows how to do special occasions.We got the oyster appetizer, which was really good.  They seemed to be battered and fried, so if anyone is squeamish about the texture of oysters, this is a good baby step.  The flavor was great.  I ordered the scallops, and there were two different kinds of sea bass and steak at the table as well.  I sampled some of each, and it was all quite good, but I think my favorite was the chilean sea bass.  Super tender.  We had a side of shrimp fried rice for the table that complimented perfectly.  We didn't try any of the wine this time, but they had an impressive list.  The iced tea however, was full of flavor and a little fruity.  Bananas Foster was an exciting way to end the meal, with fire literally pouring out onto the cake.  This is a classy restaurant at Scottsdale Quarter, so be prepared to pay for that.  But the quality of the food stands up to its price, and the ambiance is great.
5	This is my second time to an Eddie V's.  First one was in Austin and had a very good experience.  Same to be said of this one, the seafood tower is delicious and almost too much for our group of 8 along with the other appetizers that we got we really didn't even need dinner!  However, my swordfish was better than fantastic, had a nice kick too it...was right on the edge of being too spicy but it was perfect.  Our waiter was very friendly almost too much as he told us he was going to a Bon Jovi concert with his wife...who is wearing leather pants that she still can fit into from High School...which was probably over 20-25 years ago.  I probably wouldn't go unless work or I am being taken there because it isn't cheap...but if you are going to go higher end, I like it better than Ruth Chris and other higher end steak houses.
4	Came here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend.  We have been to the one in Austin and loved it.  We had a bit of everything.  Started with the Tuna Tartare and the oysters.  The tartare was ok, but not that great.  I usually love Tuna Tartare The oysters were delicious! We each had a cocktail, I went with the red martini and he had a Bullet Manhattan. His drink was better than mine.  Filet mignon for me and bone-in rib eye for him.  We each got one single stuffed shrimp on the side. I didn't know you could order a single one, so that was fun.I also ordered the truffle mac n cheese, which was delicious!Needless to say our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, but we were happy to bring home the leftovers! It's not your birthday without dessert so we went with the Bananas Foster. Effing yum.
5	This is by far the best restaurant! From the moment you walk in till you leave everything is done with class. Food is always great
5	Great food, superb service and a great place to meet an important business account.
5	Had a work dinner in the private dinner room.   Beautiful space (although placement of TV's made it awkward to see the presentation a bit).  Food was phenomenal, I had the sole.  Bathrooms are super trendy and cool (just in case you one of those that care...I am!)  Service on point.  Great experience all the way.
2	We were very disappointed with the seafood options, especially shellfish. Very dark inside. Take your money to the Ocean Club instead.
1	double-x blacklist. overrun with insects. fruit flies floating in drinks, buzzing flies in my face and landing on my food. reputation squandered. one star.and i don't mean the straggler here-or-there fly which is unfortunate, but normal. i'm talking about GODDAM-pile-of-rotting-food-nearby attracting and breeding ground for all of them. little green ones with long wings, little black ones, and flies, flies, flies. SHAME on you. They're all over us and i'm no snoopy's pigpen!same lies told by the same manager as last year. when I brought the insect problem to his attention he says, "i just had it done last week."last year when i told him about the sorry state of the piano's tuning, he says, "i just had it done last week.' GODDAMIT. BULLSHIT. *I* am a pianist, and I can tell when a piano hasn't been tuned in 6 months or more. LIAR!## host fiddled with his screen for *2 minutes* before he could take us back to our table. Really?## server not listening. he had to make my drink 3 times over. OK the 3rd time, there were bugs floating in the glass.## heirloom tomatoes not ripe, cut too thick. seriously. i don't want to eat a raw potato either!## sole stinks, not fresh.i can't believe that in just one year, this place went from my highest recommendation for steaks and swank to double-x blacklist. what a shame!
5	My #1 restaurant by far... Cannot say enough about the food, the atmosphere, and the service. This must have been our 10th time at Eddie V's and I felt compelled to write a review on yelp since I usually use open table. This is probably the second review I have ever written on yelp, but I can honestly say out of all my return visits I have had nothing but outstanding food and service and need to get the word out to all my foodies. For a seafood spot, this is still one of the best steaks I have ever had, (And I take my bone in ribeye seriously people) :) the only downside, we can never decide on our favorite apps and always fill up before the main course... But we power through because every course from the apps to the dessert is not to be missed. Great for special occasions, and a night out. Thank you Eddie vs for consistently providing an exceptional dining experience!
5	Went back again.  Filet was awesome.  Cooked perfectly and a great piece of meat.  Caesar salad was much better this time.  The Godiva cake came out hot as well.  The wait staff was awesome.
5	Great service, and a wonderful place to celebrate a special occasion!
4	After a few suggestions from friends and co-workers, I decided to try this place out for my two year anniversary.  We called to make a reservation for dinner.  After our arrival and pleasant check in, the hostesses took us to our table which was decorated with rose petals.  A+ y'all!  I was surprised by this thoughtful act.  Our waiter, Bill, was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu and how Eddie's V prepares their food.  Eddie V's has a solid menu with multiple seafood options that will make a seafood lovers mouth water.  So we order our food: Scottish Salmon, Jumbo gulf pawns, broccolini, and the twice baked potato.  All was good but the broccolini, which was blanded and tasteless.  Okay, overall the experience was good.  Great food.  Solid ambience!  Good service!  Thank you Eddie V's for a wonderful experience.  Shout out to Bill for such wonderful service.
2	We have dined at here at V's since they were in DC Ranch.  This includes a few times at their La Jolla restaurant.We dined last weekend on the 13th and came early at 5pm as they had over 200 people coming to dine that evening.While we like to dine in their Bar, we opted for the dining room as we had guests. A waiter (Frank?) immediately checked in and my wife asked him to overview V's offerings. First mistake.He waxed poetically about anything he could on the wine list and sizable menu and never once did any discovery with us about what we might be interested in.  This should be Rule #1 in Sales!!!For instance, he detailed all the beef highlights (we do not eat meat) as we actually came there for the seafood. Talk about pre mature advocation.He also mentioned that they had been working on quality control at their La Jolla restaurant as we had seen quality all over the board there as well. "Not here in Scottsdale though"We ended up changing tables as he was non stop, left us feeling uncomfortable knowing he was lurking.  One has to wonder why he has been at sooo many Valley restaurants.Yet the morale of this story is that V's quality may not fit either the high end ambiance or the pricing.The Lobster Taco appetizer used to be amazing here and that night this was rubbery and the portion (for $18.00) has turned sadly smallish.A side of beets had to be returned as these seem liked they may have been pre cooked and then put in a microwave. Chewy at best.Of course, the Staff can always be a huge asset and the Team concept of service was exemplary.Yet one has to wonder if  V's quality blips are Companywide in as much as La Jolla had/has issues.  They are big in Texas and we have not yet dined there.In the end, it's summer here and V's can rock on any given night, yet quality issues will always trump the "sizzle" of  an establishment over time.They will surely figure this out and we will return next month for a nice night.  We will just avoid Mr. pre mature advocator, that's all!!
5	I will admit it: sometimes I can be a bit of a jazz snob.  Unfortunately there are not many great places to see a decent live jazz show in this valley...But, I must say Eddie V's impressed me!  It all started off at Kierland Commons outdoor live music festival, then came the monsoon...What to do??  Still craving live music!  We asked around and Eddie V's was on the list.  We were all dressed in very casual summer clothes so it was a little awkward walking into such a nice restaurant looking like wet dogs, but the bartender made us feel right at home.  The band was on break and I have never been so happy I went on my 'Phoenix valley sucks for jazz' rant.  One of the band members was eves-dropping on our conversation LOL!  So, when the band started I was a little embarrassed...But, I think it amped them up a bit!  The band consisted of a drummer, pianist and an upright bassist.  After the set, my friend Jon thanked them and they chatted with us for a bit.  The pianist asked if it met my standard and said he had to keep it a bit more low key due to the fact it is fine dining, not a concert hall...which I recognize.  The bassist was a guest player from out of town (Austin) and you could tell they were having fun jamming.  The last set you could tell they took it up another notch, since the restaurant had cleared a bit.  It was so good 2 cute old couples started dancing and I think everybody was bopping to varying degrees in the room!  Our bartender was also fabulous.  She made all 3 of us some outstanding cocktails and she knew the menu well.  I opted for the calamari, which is unique with almost an Asian inspired twist...And it is HUGE!  Eddie V's started off as a last resort and ended up being a 3 hour adventure!  I will definitely be back here again.  They have jazz (not blues, Motown etc) every night!  You can't go wrong with great music, cocktails, service and atmosphere!
4	Sat down for a very nice meal here. Large portions accompany a large check. The Mac and cheese (with truffles) is to die for - and at $6/9 it doesn't get much better!The wait staff was very friendly.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, great wine list and a great Happy Hour. The $1 Louisiana Oysters on the half shell are a hard appetizer to turn down. The fish can come simply grilled and their Grouper is the freshest I have enjoyed in the West!The ambiance is really nice and there's valet parking or free self park downstairs. After all we ate and drank, I was glad to have self-parked as I "sort of exercised" walking back to the car. Eddie V's has a really pretty interior and was well though-out. I love the glass wine display and the wine list is equally as impressive. This is a must try, special occasion place with live music. folks are generally dressed up, but I was admitted in jeans. Great spot and I look forward to coming back!
3	I LOVE Wildfish, I LOVE Roaring Fork, and I used to love Eddie V's. I've been to Eddie V's so many times, but the last time I went was probably my last. I ordered a glass of wine to accompany the many many oysters I was excited to eat. The oysters themselves were good quality, but they had not been properly clean and my boyfriend and I were disgusted with the whole experience. We asked the manager what was going on since we were used to such high quality there, and instead of bringing us clean oysters or apologizing...he implied that we didn't understand what clean oysters actually were. He explained that because of the quality of these oysters they do not wash them and if we ate oysters more often we would know that. Interestingly, we eat oysters all the time and I'm sure no pretentious oyster connoisseur like the one the manager was describing would appreciate pieces of shell all over their oysters either.  In the end, and after a battle on what constitutes a clean oyster, the manager took some of the oysters off our bill. However, it wasn't about having any of the oysters taken off of our bill - it was about getting what we came in for - good oysters and good experience.
5	Love the ambiance and music.  Sat in the bar first and received first rate service.  This place knows how to take care of its guests.  Dinner was delish! Oysters and crab cake surpassed our expectations.  You can pass on the lobster bisque as it was only mediocre.  Scallops and swordfish were prepared perfectly. Wonderful evening overall.
5	Fantastic ! Went last night with a date. On a Monday night it was deadly quite ( Which is fantastic ) . The music was by an jazz/cover band, BUT they played a mix of current slow songs and they possibly could hold a concert on their own. They were that good. For the order there was Halibut and Sea bass- side of  tomato salad and truffle mac n cheese. Everything was beyond perfect. My fish was cooked to perfection. Moist and melted in my mouth. The service was great, and she came back at the perfect times. Would recommend to anyone.
4	food was outstanding, attractive and service was timely.  will go back
2	I used to love this place. Now dark, depressing and the food is so over priced and has really gone down hill.
4	This place was great! We didn't need a reservation we walked in and got a table right away. The service was excellent, my water was never empty! I had the Scottish salmon which was cooked perfectly and my wife had the scallops which were also good.  We also had a side of crab fried rice that rocked our world!! We ended the night with a Godiva hot chocolate cake with ice cream. Not to rich but just right. Overall our experience was great! I recommend this place over Mastros ocean club. Better value and better atmosphere
5	For me Eddie V's never disappoints.  Fantastic service, incredible food, great choices, terrific atmosphere... this is now my go-to place for an overall grand experience.  They offer Valet parking which I love... nothing worse than getting all dressed up and having to walk 2 blocks to get to your destination.  It is $3 plus tip... just an FYI.  We always make reservations just to be sure we'll get in.  If the tables not ready they have a very nice bar area to enjoy a cocktail while you wait.  Both times recently our table was ready even though we arrived a bit early so we just sat down.  Service is A+, first class all the way.  You can just relax and enjoy your dinner.  Things I love, Sea Bass!  OMG it is wonderful!  If you like Sea Bass... get it.  It is a huge portion and its usually market price...  Last time I ordered it was $35 which I thought very reasonable considering the portion size.  Very easily shared by two with smaller appetites. Sorry... back to appetizers... Oyster lovers love the oysters here!  they are on the happy hour menu in the bar area.  Yellowtail sashimi is OMG to die for.  Heirloom tomato salad was fantastic too.  Filet always a good choice... The asparagus was cooked to perfection and I would choose the augratin potatoes over the twice baked.  Ive had both and I prefer mashed or baked usually but these augratin are wow... really great.  The Sole is super!  It is a HUGE portion so unless you are a big eater or you are sharing... there is too much to eat but its prepared to a T!  It has a crispy exterior due to the parmasan crusting... and its delish!  Oh and if you order a steak... you can order any way, any sauce, peppered, etc.... pretty much it seems if you ask they most likely can do.  Just the way you like it! They also have live jazz playing in the bar area... very nice touch.
5	A very nice upscale restaurant.  Bar was crowded but didn't have a problem ordering a drink and music was a littleLoud. But it was Friday night.  Food was amazing and so was the service.
5	I love this place!! I especially like their oysters!! I think  that they have great music, excellent servers and bartenders and great music
4	Good , good and better.I want to go back and try more of the food options..The mojito made by the bartender was tasty. Happy hour pricing made it even better.They were out of the $1 oysters so I tried the battered ones. Very good.Presentation looked great on the food. It was very crowded.
4	The service was great, the food was top notch, and the drinks were stiff...I will definitely be coming back.  Here is the breakdown of each:Service:Took a few minutes to get greeted when we walked in, but there was a rather large party congregating around the hostess table, so we were initially over looked.  Our waiter was great and made very good recommendations and describing the menu.  We did not have to wait or flag him down at any point.Food:Crabcakes - As close to Maryland as it gets.  Lumped crabcakes were cooked perfectly with a slight crisp breading on topFilet Mignon - Order the steak medium and it came out medium, so delivered as ordered, which does not always happen. I would recommend the smaller size steak since your side dishes are rather large.Halibut - Cooked perfectly. The halibut was crisp on top and perfectly white throughout. With the right amount of lemon, I felt like I was eating fresh Alaskan Halibut in Arizona.Twice baked potato - The bacon bits were huge and fresh and the potato was delicious.Drinks:The drinks were strong and not watered down. As soon as we got low on a glass, the waiter stopped by and asked if a refill was in order, oh yes it was.
4	Great food, delicious and prepared perfectly. Service was attentive and not overbearing or stiff. Some of us needed a flashlight to read the menu, but I like a dark restaurant; makes me look younger. I would recommend EV's for a special occasion or for a romantic evening. One thing odd though, when we left the restaurant some patrons were smoking cigs in our pathway just outside the door. I thought that was not permitted so close to an entrance of a public establishment. Someone should tighten up the rules at EV's.
4	Always good food and good service. Just sometimes food is not cooked as ordered. But send it back and you are ready to go, don't be shy. Great steaks and drinks. Get the bananas foster butter cake and you can't go wrong. Awesome all around. Ask for Kristen the best server there. Enjoy.
5	First time at this Eddie V's.  Service was very good, food was excellent.  I had the gulf stuffed shrimp and they were done to perfection, and incredibly filling.  The crab fried rice was delicious.  Even though it seemed a bit out of place on this menu, I had the pot stickers for an appetizer, and they were done perfectly.  My wife had the crab cake appetizer and it was also delicious.  She ordered the scallops, and this is the only issue we had, when they arrived at the table, 2 of the scallops were obviously undercooked.  But the way the wait staff and management handled the issue was remarkable, offering either to re-do the meal, or bring an entire new dish.  I think the way an establishment handles an issue is just as important as the food and atmosphere.  The atmosphere was very warm and cozy, and the piano bar where we retired to after dinner was wonderful.  The entire staff was attentive without being intrusive (which is a difficult balance to maintain), friendly and welcoming.  The live jazz trio was wonderful.
5	Great anniversary dinner last night at Eddie V's. so the steaks came out of the kitchen and they have you cut in to them in front of your server to verify doneness. Leanne's was perfect, mine was over cooked. They took BOTH back to the kitchen and started over, they INSISTED.   Then the new steaks came out, mine was perfect and Leanne's was under cooked slightly but she decided to take it anyway after they had taken it back to the kitchen to cook it a bit more.  She didn't eat much of it, not because it was bad but she was just full. The server brought out her ORIGINAL filet that was perfect and had it packaged up nice and insisted we take it, she then boxed up the leftover second steak. THEN she insisted on taking the 45$ filet off the check because she saw it and felt it was undercooked for medium. (Thats 90$ of prime filet free). Her service was amazing!!!  Sounds like a debacle, but we were in no hurry and were enjoying each other and the wine so the time didnt phase us at all. The manager came over several times to check on us. We love this place. We don't go too often, but when we do, they make sure you leave happy. Lets not forget the bananas Foster cake dessert.  Thanks Eddie V's.
5	Had an amazing experience at Eddie V's. It was my 11th Anniversary and I had made a reservation at 8:15 at night. We had been at the ASU football game during the day and the game got out late so I had switched it to 8:45. Well, we got home quicker than I thought so we called and asked if we could come in at our original time which was 8:15 and they were more than willing to accommodate us.We got to the restaurant and our table had a beautiful setting with rose petals and a happy anniversary card signed by the entire staff.  My husband had a caesar salad to start off with and I had the corn crab chowder, both were amazing. When we received both of our steaks, our server asked us to cut into them to make sure they were cooked the right temperature.  My filet was cooked perfectly but my husband was overcooked. So they took the entire order back and gave us a new meal.  Again we had cut into our steaks, my husbands was cooked perfectly but mine was undercooked.  They took back my steak to cook it longer and brought it back and it still was undercooked.  I was fine having it the way it was.  Our server came back and looked at it with her flashlight and asked if it was okay and I told her it was fine she said "you wouldn't tell me anyway would you?"  I told her it was fine which it was and when they took our plates away she told me that they will be taking care of my meal because they couldn't get it cooked right.  Oh I forgot to mention that they gave me the first filet to take home in addition to my undercooked filet.  The manager came by and spoke with us as well and apologized for the steak inconvenience. We told her it was no problem and we were just enjoying the night. Overall our experience was great we enjoyed the night and to top it off we had the Bananas Foster Cake which is to die for.  We are looking forward to coming back again and again to Eddie V's to enjoy the great food and outstanding service.
5	Ate there for bday dinner, amazing. I don't give 5 stars out often but this place is it. King crab melts in mouth as does filet mignon. Pricey so, special occasions only (was $185 for two) but worth it.
4	Went here on a Monday night with a group attending a conference... They were able to accommodate a large party on short notice...we changed from 8 to 14 at the door, and it wasn't a problem.Service was fantastic: kudos to this place for hiring warm, knowledgeable, courteous staff.The food was far better than I expected...as a life-long New Englander who has never lived more than 90 minutes from the ocean, I have high standards for seafood. This place met them and then some. We had an appetizer of calamari, shrimp, lobster, and some oysters, all really nice. I also enjoyed the creamy crab and corn chowder. But my entree, Alaskan halibut with morels, edamame, and smoked pork shank, blew me away. Perfectly cooked, tender, sweet fish with an amazing sauce. I only had room for a few bites of the twice baked potatoes and the crab fried rice, but those were delicious as well. I would definitely go back.
5	The food and the service was the best!  We had 8 people and everything went great.  We love this place
5	On 11/25/13 we celebrated 4 November family birthdays at Eddie V's. Prior to making the reservation, we met with Suzette (mgr) to discuss our ideas for the birthday dinner. Growing up in the restaurant business, I observe more than the average person each time I dine out. I have never been so utterly impressed with the attention to detail we experienced on 11/25. Suzette added an additional bread selection, placed roses and rose petals on our table, brought in additional ice cream flavors for 2 of our guests who have a special favorite, placed us in a small private room, and routinely came in to the room to check on our satisfaction. Suzette exceeded our expectations to the point that an evening of perfection was taken to a whole new level!!  Suzette's personality, attention  to detail, management skills, wine knowledge, and caring attitude were hands down the best I have ever  experienced while dining out!!  Not to be left out was the over the top service we experienced with Brian(server) and his support staff!  Let's not forget the superb food preparation and presentation. Start to finish our overall experience was  A++++!!Folks, if you are looking for the ultimate dining experience in both food and service, then I urge you to experience Eddie V's in Scottsdale!!
5	we made reservations for my 30th birthday celebration and we couldn't have gotten better service and food.  We were welcomed and seated right away and our server was absolutely fantastic. He was attentive and helpful with his favorites of meal and wine recommendations.  My parents, brother, and fiancee were all there, chose different meals and appetizers, and couldn't have been happier.  The steak literally melted in your mouth and every bite that I put into my mouth was delicious.  It's expensive, definitely expensive .... but for a special occasion? Worth every penny.
5	I never knew food could taste so good!!! The sword fish was excellent and the truffle mac and cheese was divine!! Our server Michael was an absolute delight too! I can't wait to go back :)
5	Just concluded wining & dining our best clients at Eddie V's. The food and service was A+!  The food was abundant, & no one could go home hungry. Suzette (mgr) & servers Krissy, Brian & Kyle did an outstanding job!! If you are looking to make a great impression on clients, I can highly recommend Eddie V's.
1	I've eaten at Eddie V's many times over the years and its always been good.  I organized my company holiday dinner at the Scottsdale Quarter location for last Friday night and I can honestly say it was one of the worst experiences at a high end Steak/Seafood restaurant I've ever had.  In this case, the reason for the poor experience falls on the service.  We had a party of 9 which we had a reservation for.  Of the many issues that went wrong a few really stand out.  First of all we only had one server who also seemed to have a number of other tables which was not enough.  The first issue came when I ordered a bottle of Bella Glos pino (a great wine if anyone is interested).  The wine comes with wax covering the cork and the server couldn't remove the wax.  When I joked if she needed help, she actually handed me the bottle and bottle opener.  Note to all servers...on an expensive bottle of wine, if there is ever an issue please take the bottle back and bring me another.  Having me help you open it is simply unacceptable.  The next issue came when our meal was served.  We ordered enough sides that they suggested we keep them on a side table and they serve us since there wasn't enough room on our table.  Not a bad idea, except that our one server individually served sides for all nine of us.  As the last one to get served my sides, I was almost done with my steak by the time she got to me.  If you're going to help us by serving the sides, get additional help so everyone is served at the same time.  The next issue came at dessert.  Only two of us were given dessert menus, me being one of them.  When the server came back to take our order I asked if everyone had menus (I knew they didn't) and her response was for me to pass my menu down to others at my table.  really?The final, final straw came when we were all finally ready to leave and we couldn't get our server to the table because she was chit-chatting with her other tables.  It literally took us 30 minutes to get our bill paid.  For the record we did alert the manager who I think was new.  She took my email as well as the CEO of my company, though we've yet to hear a peep from them.  You'd think that if she went through the effort to take down our information we'd at least get an email or call.   The group I was with eat at these types of places all the time (Oceans Club, Mastros, Capital Grille, etc) and this was by far the worst service I've ever had in this type of establishment.  All the others at our table agreed.  I sincerely hope this was just a one time issue and it doesn't happen to anyone else.
5	Come here (any night of the week) if you're looking for live music and prefer a cool jazz tune.After a rained out evening outdoor concert, a few of us decided we weren't ready to give up on an hearing some live music. We popped into a place around the corner hoping to find some live Jazz, and disappointed with who was playing that evening, we asked the bartender if there was somewhere else they would suggest for Jazz on a Sunday evening.I'm glad we decided to take his advice on Eddie V's, cause I had one of the best evenings of great live Jazz in the Phoenix area sitting right at the bar. After some encouragement by our group, the musicians decided to really lay into it with their music and turn it up from the typical elevator music to something you could really dance along to. The bartender poured some excellent tasting drinks, the band ended up chatting with us for a couple minutes post set and it turned out to be a fabulous way to spend four hours with your gal.Happy Yelping Phoenix! :-)
5	We enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Eddie V's last night. The dinner was well seasoned and prepared. The environment was pleasant in spite of the restaurant's cavernous appearance. Jovial live jazz played by the bar could be heard throughout. Staff moved about quietly and were never disruptive. What a difference from the awful experience at Mastros Ocean Club! Will certainly return.
5	Great happy hour. Love their appetizers and soups. After we order some apps and soup we are usually too full for entrees but it's so worth it!
3	We just went here this past saturday with a party of 8. I would have to say that the overall food was good but, nowhere near the quality of Ocean Club in Kierland commons.
4	This is a high end seafood restaurant located on the edge of a bustling shopping center in glamorous north Scottsdale.  Speedy valet parking is available for $3 which was well worth it given how busy the area was the Saturday night we visited. We were seated right away for our 7 pm reservation by their extremely professional and efficient staff.  Our server stopped by right away to welcome us and explain the all ala carte menu.  Prices here are not for the budget traveler with most of the fresh fish options in the $30 range and side dishes in the $6 range.  We started with the blue crab cake ($16) which had a delightful panko coating and zesty remoulade (our favorite dish of the meal) followed by a fresh heirloom tomato & buffalo mozzarella salad that we shared.  The kitchen was kind enough to split it for us and even then it was still two large portions.  We also split an entree, again kitchen divided it for us, a lemon sole that was also more than we could eat.  After our meal the restaurant manager stopped by the table to check if the food was ok since he had noticed back in the kitchen we had left a lot uneaten (we had had too much at lunch and were still stuffed), but still a very nice touch and mark of top notch service.The place was a little on the noisy side and the crowd was dressy and stylish.  There was a live jazz trio playing somewhere adding to the ambiance.  All in all a pleasant evening to top off our visit to the Phoenix area.
5	Seafood was excellent. My wife and I enjoyed the atmosphere a great deal. Great customer service and a worthy alternative to Ocean's Club! Very good size portions and would definitely be back. Rick was our waiter and he did a great job
5	Fresh oysters, good steaks, and a great selection on the dinner menu for the steak and potatoes crowd, the seafood lovers, and a wine list to partner with your selection.  Very good portions to share with friends or your significant other, and the plating is what you should come to expect from a dimly lit, jazzy steak and seafood venue.A Monday night reservation for our group of 6 was easy to obtain and the service was top notch from the staff.  While we were seated by the kitchen, the noise level was still very low that our entire group was able to have a great conversation without the usual kitchen noise distractions.I'd recommend and myself would come back the next time I am around the North Scottsdale area.
5	My wife and I checked this place out while on vacation and, simply put, had one of the most consistently delicious meals ever. There wasn't a bad note. The stir-fry calamari appetizer, bone-in rib eye, and chilean sea bass were all delicious.So excited to hear that there is also one in my home of Orlando. You cannot go wrong for an upscale romantic restaurant. It is mouth-watering good.
4	Our table wasn't ready by our reservation time, but the manager made up for it with complimentary cocktails and our server extended the happy hour specials. Great atmosphere, live music was nice, my date's sea bass was cooked perfectly and so was my steak. My date enjoyed the oysters. For a bit of elegance, atmosphere and great food, go to Eddie V's.
4	A great place. Great food,Service  was a  little  on the slow side, but maybe that was just that particular day.Other wise it's  a nice place.
5	I cannot believe how long it has taken me to finally visit this place. My husband and I took my Mom for her 73rd birthday while she was in town, and I am so glad we did. Love the ambience--service was impeccable.  And the fact that I know that I can actually get damned good seafood in the desert is comforting. I am mostly writing this review for the SCALLOPS. You get SIX of these people. Not 3, not 4, but SIX big plump sweet scallops in a citrus glaze that compliments these little beauties perfectly. I had also ordered a lobster tail; too tough, not tasty. But without any hesitation, the manager took it off the bill. We even had a convo about Maine vs Australian and our agreed preference for the latter. The soups are AMAZING and my Hun and Mum devoured their chosen fish entrees. And with all the class of a GOOD restaurant, my mom got her choice of a free dessert (bananas' foster--not to be missed). I don't mind spending money on a good meal, and Eddie Vs is an example of a place I will return to time and time again.
5	Went for anniversary last night. They had rose petals on the table it was nice.  My filet was the best I've ever had. Scallops were cooked perfect.  He had the swordfish and loved it. I like you can do small sides so you can try more then one. Great wine as well. And the complementary dessert of our choice was very nice. So glad we went here over Ocean Club. It was perfect.
4	We went for happy hour.  The ambiance was fantastic.  The live music was great we sat right next to them and I have sensitive ears and the noise level was perfect.  The service was top notch.  The food was not the best and the portions were small.  The mac and cheese is dry but editable,  we also shared snapper I think. Lack of seasoning but the food came out hot.  The wine selection is great. I had a couple of their signature mixed drinks very nice. Oh yah we had half a dozen oysters. I felt like they just got them from the ocean. ..fresh
3	This place did nothing for me. Tasteless shrimp, almost completely tasteless "Chilean sea bass" (I'm still not convinced it was Chilean sea bass), undercooked asparagus, lame French fries (no doubt right from the freezer into the fryer) and bitter tasting lobster bisque. Our waiter was nice enough, but forgetful.Dinner was $150 for two of us. I'd rather have spent $20 at the Hot Dog Stop just up the road, and lit the rest of the money on fire. And if you are going to pull off the charade of being an upscale Scottsdale restaurant, you probably should not let people in, who dress like homeless bikers.....Seriously.I'll never go back. Very poor dolar-to-deliciousness ratio.
5	Be sure to enjoy  the Tartare Of Pacific Ahi Tuna this Saturday the 19th while listening to Dale Yeoman Sing from 7-11pm. It's to die for!!!
3	This is a very nice, upscale steak and seafood restaurant.  The service is excellent, but the food was lacking in flavor.  The portions are large and it is very filling.  Unfortunately the flavors are just not there.  Bland jumbo shrimp, bland sea bass, and bland ahi tuna.  The seafood is very fresh, but the preparation is just not up to the expectation for such a nice restaurant.
4	We checked Yelp and found a great spot for dinner.  Service was 5 STARS and food was fantastic.  My husband's halibut was slightly overcooked and they had a new one right back out in minutes.  They checked back with us and were very gracious.  We were happy we selected Eddie V's for dinner.
3	We went last night, first time! found the prices on the  high side for Arizona, we had to wait well beyond our reservation time, and I had to go to the hostess, I believe that they had forgotten about us.We ordered the seafood tower and that should have been sufficient as we had bread and butter at the bar with a couple drinks.Our Main course was the Chilean Sea Bass, and Grouper, the Sea Bass was awesome, the disappointment was in the Grouper dish, we strongly feel that we were served Red Snapper, we have a lot of experience in fish dishes, we often buy fresh Grouper and cook it at home in Calgary, what we had was not Grouper,the texture, firmness, and type of consistency of the fish was more similar to Red Snapper which is 1/3rd of the price.We may go back to the Lounge for drinks and appetizers but probably not for a full Dinner.
5	I was in Scottsdale AZ with my wife and kids during spring break this year. My wife is a great vacation planner so she typically handles all the dinner reservations.  When the restaurant she reserved cancelled all reservations last minute due to some renovation issues on site, she was frustrated; so I took on the responsibility of finding us another spot for our date night. Besides its location totally setting the tone, the ambiance exceeded my expectations. It was twice as cozy as you would expect from a stake house. The hostess was polite from the phone till we met in person. Out butler was in training but was thorough non the less. Every dish was hand crafted to impress.  My favorite fish Chilean sea bass was probably the best recipe I have had anywhere in all my travels in or out the country. The wine selections matched our desire for the night and the Head Chef came out to discuss our delight. We even took photos outside the epic sign because it was so memorable. Above all it made me look like the avid diner date planner which I am not. My wife kept saying I made a great choice. I wish they had a location in NY. I am a Pesca-vegetarian so I live for good fish eateries. Eddie V's is officially the best seafood restaurant, second to none. Come with a loaded wallet though you will be unloading it and glad to be.
4	Had a business dinner here last week. I love this place. Food is typically excellent. However, this was the first time I went with steak (didn't listen to my own advice as the seafood has always been stellar here).  Wasn't a bad filet but was cooked almost to medium-well (I ordered it rare). Normally I would not have a problem sending it back but it would have killed the mood for the business we hadGoing on. Stick to fish at this place. You won't be unhappy.
5	Great atmosphere. Amazing service. Good food.  Definitely somewhere we will return to.
1	Not much has changed. I asked for a wine recommendation. The first recommendation was the most expensive white by glass on the menu at $18, the second recommendation was the 2nd most expensive wine by glass on the menu at $16 and the 3rd wine recommendation they gave was a "discontinued" wine, not on the menu, but higher priced then all the other wines besides the first 2 they recommended on the menu at $15 a glass. I tried the most expensive, because I have the money- it wasn't worth it though. I've had far superior wines at a number of paces for far less. What I dislike the most about this place is first, the bartenders will always recommend the most expensive wine on the menu, 2nd I was shocked that the staff (more than one of them) actually asked me what I did for a living without having any other sort of casual conversation... yes, I'm a decent looking lady that looks young for my age and I can afford your ridiculous recommendations... none of your business what I do. How rude. Of course, I tried to explain, but it was over their heads. Anyhow, a 56 year old man sat beside me and at one point navigated my hand to feel his biceps and pecks... it was actually impressive, but um... yeah- no comment.
5	Eddie V's never disappoints. We come here for seafood and they never mess it up. I wish I had more room to put it in. I had a delicious red fish that was moist yet crispy on the outside. My wife had an incredibly morsel of heaven in the steamed Chilean sea bass. The meat literally flaked off on to your fork and melted in your mouth. We always love the Kung pow calamari to start. My wife let it slip that it was my birthday and our waiter picked up on it immediately. We ordered the banana foster, totally delicious. Well Eduardo, our waiter comped our desert. He made the night just a little more special. Thank you.
5	The food was phenomenal, pairing tastes that I would not have combined, to great effect. The seafood was perfectly prepared, seved at just the right level of doneness. We were made to feel welcome and service was very attentive, yet unobtrusive. Our server was astute enough to know when to bring an extra spoon on a dish we didnt plan to, but ended up, sharing.
5	Service was great and the filet mignon and Chilean sea bass were perfect.  Great wine list to compliment the menu.  The sea bass was prepared with a great miso broth and steamed to perfection.  Had a BLT wedge salad and that too was spot on.  Going back for sure.
5	I will keep this review short and simple: The BEST fish restaurant in Scottsdale/Phoenix.  Actually, one of the best overall restaurants as well.  5 stars to the chef - delicious preparation.  If you are looking for a fabulous place with great food and service in Scottsdale, this is your place.  It's pricey, but no more than any other fine dining restaurant.  I'd go every week if it was in the budget - for now, a special occasion spot.
5	I took my wife here for her birthday.  We both thought our server was really good and she was attentive without being over bearing.   Great service. They have great bread/butter which is complementary. We started with oysters for appetizers,  awesome.   Also got the jumbo lump crab. . Little to full of mayonnaise so unless that's what you like,  I'd skip it.   But still not bad.   Also had lobster bisque which was good. I ordered the swordfish steak.   I loved it!   If you don't like spicy or cilantro stay away but I love both. My wife ordered the Chilean sea bass (hong kong style).  She was disappointed with the flavor.   I didn't think it was bad but it lacked a "wow" factor.   I wouldn't order it.   They removed it from our bill so we couldn't complain about that.   For sides we did a twice baked potato and sugar snaps with portobellos.  Both were awesome! The prices are expensive but on par for an upscale restaurant.   I couldn't afford to go there often but I would go back in a heartbeat.Dessert was hot chocolate godiva cake with vanilla bean ice cream.  Order it!! Soooo good.Great place to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.   We got a babysitter but you could take children.  Not really a great environment for them. Great customer service,  good place!
5	Upscale and elegant. The bar area was packed. I stood for a while before landing a seat.  The shrimp entree was hearty and the Ketel one and cran was just what I needed after a long day.  Live entertainment to help you unwind!  All the staff was pleasant and attentive. Valet parking available.
4	My boyfriend and I went for the first time on this past Sunday. We heard lots of good things about Eddie V's but simply hadn't made it over to visit them yet. So glad we opted to go on Sunday night for dinner! They had live jazz music, stunning ambience, fabulous service, and the food was delicious! We decided to move with appetizer shared plates and chose three: first course was the crabcake, which is a great portion approximately 7 ounces and very well done. The next course were potstickers that were outstanding and not too salty. The final course were the lobster tacos-which are incredible-great portion and lots of amazing flavors!  As cocktails we shared Rombauer Chardonnay three glasses for him and three glasses for me which was very nice. We thoroughly enjoyed our evening and will go back again soon! I absolutely recommend Eddie V's and hope that you enjoy as much as we did!
4	Yes!My steak was perfect and delicious..... Mmm... Steak.  I had the 8 ounce filet mignon with broccoli. I also had the heirloom tomato salad as an appetizer - the small tomatoes, cheese, and drizzle was great, but the larger tomatoes did not have much flavor and didn't seem fully ripened. I posted a picture; beautiful looking salad.  Service was great and the music was a perfect touch.I would love to come back some time to try their happy hour!
2	One thing my wife and I try to avoid on date night are big corporate chain restaurants; once I heard that Larry and Guy sold the amazing Eddie V's brand to Red Lobster I swore I'd never go back.  However, we had just finished a movie and decided to give it a shot and order what used to be my favorite appetizer of all time, the Kung Pao Calamari.  When it arrived, my dislike of big coporate chains was reinforced with a bland dish that I had no desire to finish.  My wife felt the same way having had the earlier version.The KPC is not what it used to be when John Carver was the chef before Red Lobster bought them out.  I admit I'm living in the past about this dish but it used to be my favorite item I've ever had in any restaurant, no kidding!  Back then it was not the rings but a calamari steak, cut into strips and the sauce was much spicier.  I think the strips may have been sauteed instead of fried but it's been too long to recall exactly.  I had this dish no less than 30 times over a few years since I was one of the regular musicians that played there; every time it was like "I can't believe this is so amazing." That dish had serious flavor but, sadly, it is only a distant memory, like the hot sorority girl I met at a frat party in 1987.  To finish on a positive note: our bartender was personable and quick with the wine.  She said the calamari was going to be amazing but, if she had tried the "pre Red Lobster" version I doubt she would give the same endorsement.  I know there are tons of great reviews for Eddie V's so my review doesn't amount to much in comparison.  I just wish the big corps didn't water down great and unique recipes.  We'll stick with the privately owned, local places from now on.
2	Excellent ambiance, excellent service, excellent presentation, fine music.  The scallops and crabcake were simply subpar.
4	Went here Sunday while we were shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter and wee pleasantly surprised on how good everything was.  We say in the bar area so we could enjoy there happy hour specials.  The gf and I both had martinis which were amazing (they have blue cheese stuffed olives!).  For appetizers we had the fresh oysters and the steak and lobster tartare which were both great.   For entree my GF had the lobster bisque soup which tasted great.  I had the scallops and twice baked potato.  I have to admit wasn't a huge fan of the scallops, felt like the citrus orange over powered the dish but that's probably just personal preference.  The twice baked potato was a very large portion and was satisfying.  Overall was very happy with the meal and would life to come back and try a different entree.  Service was great throughout the meal.
4	I had seen this restaurant in La Jolla for years but never made it in. I was excited to see one in Scottsdale Quarter so I could finally try it. It is really good food but some rooms are better to be seated in and the service can be really slow. Another plus is it is 1000 points on Open Table.
5	I rarely give 5 stars to a restaurant, but if I could I would give it 6 stars. Everything about this place is amazing. The food and service was amazing. I recommend the crab cakes and salmon dishes. Extra special thanks to the manager for taking care of our additional needs.
4	Wow. One the best ribeye's I have had in awhile. Good, attentive service by Lauren, but not to touchy feelly. Nice music. Overall positive visit and I would cheerfully come back for more.
4	Had bday celebration with friends last night.  the band was wonderful but unfortunately only played till 10 p.m.  the CRAB CAKE was probably the best i've ever had.  nice ambiance, and lively :)
5	Everything about Eddie V's was absolutely wonderful.  The food, service, and ambiance were all top notch. We have visited some of the finest restaurants in Phoenix, and we think this is the best steakhouse!
5	We had a fabulous dinner at Eddie V's. We were celebrating our 27th anniversary and they decorated our table with rose petals. We loved the seafood tower. The seafood was so fresh and tasty. The Chilean Seabass melted in your mouth. Save room for dessert, the banana foster butter cake is a must have. Worth every calorie. We are on vacation but we hope to be able to come back here one day. Rocco, our waiter, really enhanced the dinning experience.
3	The ambience and the service are fantastic! The hospitality of our servers was 2nd to none. The dining room and restrooms are very modern and clean. As the food goes: the bread was fresh, warm, and delicious with flavored soft butter. The calamari was perfect, well seasoned, and simply delicious.  The lobster bisque was bland. The bone in ribeye was just ok. The sea bass special was also just ok. It was a very nice evening with great company in a beautiful restaurant with amazing service. The main dishes have opportunity.
5	One of the best ribeye steaks you will ever have! But do not discount the Chilean seabass either, it is also an amazing dish.  Great and friendly service, and very intimate mood.  Perfect for a date, or a business dinner.
5	Jeez, I have eaten here a bunch. It is probably my favorite restaurant on the planet. The food just never disappoints and the service is killer. I am a seafood fanatic so this place just hits all of my wish lists. I would eat here over every place in town. It isn't that pricey for what you get and the atmosphere and service are like a 5 star place. it  is gorgeous inside as well. That bananas foster cake thing is my favorite for dessert and I barely ever get dessert. I know it is a big chain place now, but it started out as not, and I really don't think they have changed much. Eddie V's is the bomb.
1	I've heard a lot of good things about this restaurant but mostly from online reviews. Well, maybe they were good at one time or maybe there's a bit of painting a rosy picture going on but as far as I'm concerned I will NEVER return to this lousy restaurant again. I will say the waiter was good but at the end I felt he was kinda hitting on my date? the manager comp'ed some of the meal which was nice but honestly, with the exception of a couple of appetizers it was a horrble meal made for people who's taste buds are dead. First, there was not one Dish or wine glass that didn't have something crusted on it. When I picked up my wine glass it was rough at the base of the goblet, so I started feeling the rest of the glass and there were caked bits all over the glass. Same with my girlfriend's glass.The waiter replaced them but then I picked up a plate to pass to my date, and it was worse with the bottom being rough from caked on food. And I don't mean one or two but EVERY PLATE! They came back with cleaner ones but by then it was to late and rather disgusting. We ordered a couple of appetizers and they were actually quite good but the dirty plates put a damper on things by then. We split an entree of halibut but it was so over cooked it was hard to even swallow it got caught in your throat, so we complained and they took it back and replaced it with chilean bass which was also over cooked but at least edible becuase its an oily fish, still it was a bit rubbery. We were at a point where we felt embarrased for the waiter and decided not to complain anymore. Then came the dessert which was a bananas foster but it was so gawd'awful sweet we could only eat half. The decor is out of date, the Hostess came across as a snob, in all it was a really bad experience and I repeat will NEVER return to this place again and I don't care What city it's in.
5	While the dining room is nice to dine in I really like the high top tables in the bar and the LIVE music!  They offer a great happy hour special on drinks and appetizers.  My favorite dish is the Kung Pow Calamari!
4	My wife and I love Eddie V's and go often.  Generally, we go for the happy hour specials and specifically, the happy hour oysters.  This fall/winter, they've upgraded the oysters for happy hour, but they are slightly more money.  However, its still the best deal in town for a QUALITY oyster.  Wine list is good as well.  The people watching is definitely entertaining and its, shall we say, an interesting mix of all things Scottsdale.. the good, the bad, and the ugly!
2	Was there earlier tonight with a group for happy hour.  Not once did the waitress acknowledge my presence, even when I tried to flag her down.  I had to go to the bar to order a drink (did get great service there).  Was starving, but never got to order any food.  I was there for TWO hours.  Don't think we'll be back.
5	My husband's company asked us to make recommendations for his Company Holiday party - did a lot of research online and in Yelp and this was on the top of my list.So glad that this ended out being the place we went.It. Was. Fantabulous!We had 17 people, they assigned us 3 Waiters. It was a fabulous experience from start to finish. Appetizers shared by all were crab cakes and bruschetta - both very well done, loved the sauce on the crab cakes.We had 3 dinner options - chicken, fish, and filet. I know that hubs and I should have ordered something different, but I was really excited to try the filet (had heard so much about it). The chicken and fish dishes had beautiful presentation. The filet was legen (wait for it) dary - legendary! It cut like butter and was cooked to perfection  (our diners had it cooked everywhere between rare and medium), mine was medium rare and simply perfect.Sides shared by all were Twice Baked Potatoes, Truffle Mac and Cheese, and Asparagus with Hollandaise on the side - all were yummy, my fave was the twice baked (they had bacon, too!)Shared desserts were Godiva Chocolate something, Bananas Foster, and Fresh fruit or something  (sorry  - didn't make it that far). The chocolate Godiva whatever was 'meh, not worth the calorie intake in my opinion. The Bananas Foster was incredible - and the flame during service was a fun touch!I. Will. Be. Back. I will probably crave that filet in the very near future!
4	This is what I exspect from a Prime Seafood and Steak Resturant. The food was delicious. Everything we ate was spectacular. The service was ok. This establishment is all about class,quality,and satisfaction.
5	This restaurant is for sure one of our faves! They are consistent in everything they do! From the food to the fabulous service, especialy from our favorite server, Dona who always pays attention to every details, right down to remembering to which wine we had the last tme we were there! Don't miss this lovely spot, especially if you are a visitor. It never disappoints! Also, it has live music, which is a nice addition to your evening. Enjoy!
4	Excellent - our second time there and it was very good all around.  We started with potstickers which were ok but needed more zip and better sauce - go to PF Changs and you will get better ones that have good flavor, and are topped with crunchy radish sprouts and wonderful sauce - these were somewhat bland.  Then we had parmesan crusted lemon sole and swordfish. Both dishes were excellent - hot, just made to order and good flavor. Side of brussels sprouts with shallot and bacon was very good. Drink my husband had was not great but waiter saw the shade of the Manhattan and asked if it was ok - when told it was too sweet he promptly took it away and replaced with one that was more what we had in mind -excellent service by Eduardo - i think this place tries a little to hard to get you in and out in under an hour - i guess you could linger if you want but you get the feeling they are trying to turn over tables to make more money. The desert w tried was blackberry cobbler which was not really a cobbler at all but berries in lemon sauce with some uncooked tasteless dough thrown on top.......too cloyingly lemony for my taste but hubby ate it all.  if you want fresh fish this is the place to come.
