1	I heard that this was one of the new trendy places in Charlotte but it is highly over rated.  The prices are high considering the quality and the portion size of the food.  The 1/2 chicken is $13.00 and does not come with anything.  The taste was bland to say the least.  The roasted take-out chickens from Wal-Mart are more appetizing and the mashed potatoes from Bo-Jangles are better too.   It is not child friendly either since there is no menu for them which is a little unusual considering it is a casual restaurant and the family demographics of Charlotte.  I ordered chicken fingers for my daughter for $5-$6 and then added an order of fried for $5.  Horrible value.  The service was disappointing too.  We arrived well before the Saturday night rush and had a reservation and asked to be seated in a booth since there were two open booths.  The hostess said that we needed to request a booth when we called and that it was reserved for someone else.  I have never heard of such a thing for a casual restaurant.   I know that the chef has done well but I would not recommend Roosters to anyone.  There are many better choices  in Charlotte for far-less money and better quality.  I would not even call it a Tapas style restaurant either.
2	Beautiful restaurant , nice atmosphere. engaging wait staff  disappointing food. My wife and I recently had lunch here and to be blunt I've had better sandwiches at takeout places in strip malls , in other words price didn't match presentation.We definitely expected a little more.
5	Put simply this is one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  It's a la carte and you can spend as much or as little as you want.   The wine list is great, service is great, and the pan fried corn is AMAZING.Try the duck, hangar steak, gnocchi, any of the fish specials, and a really good steak burger -- not all at once of course.Ask for Dee, she's the manager and she'll take good care of you.
3	I have heard great things about this place, including "Best Overall menu" from Charlotte Magazine.  So my boss and I went there for a business lunch to try it out.  It definitely smells wood-fired, which I found quaint and enjoyable.  The one thing I did not find enjoyable was the "Wall of Roosters".  I get it--the name is Rooster's; but McDonald's doesn't have shrunken Ronald heads all over the wall. It was a tad weird--and a few were staring at me!I was going light, so I just had the Arugula and goat cheese salad, which was good. It was a salad--Mom won't hear about it, but I would order it again.My boss had a burger, which he described as "fantastic" and had the potatoes au gratin as a side, which was a recommendation from our waitress.  He loved those, and was moaning through most of lunch.  Our server was friendly and helpful, and since we were two of the only customers there, she was very generous with the water and bread.I would definitely go back to Rooster's, and look forward to trying something more substantial next time!
1	A miserable experience from start to finish. Loud sports TV being broadcast in the bar where we waited and sipped the expected overpriced-yet-average wine. We were led to a table in a far corner from which we could view the delivery door being opened and closed. Then our waiter, who had either NO training or the worst sense of timing ever, strolled by to take our order after we'd been waiting, oh, 15 minutes or so. The food was bland, arrived haphazardly, was cold more often than not...you get the idea. And when we were ready for the check? You guessed it -- another 15 minute wait. I cannot fathom the appeal of this place.
5	Rooster's is a locally owned Charlotte restaurant. The decoration is rustic with European influences- food is a mix of Spanish, French and Italian cuisine. They also try to incorporate local products/flavors into the menu each season. I've never had a bad experience here. The servers are friendly and attentive. Keep in mind that the portions are small (a la carte) Recommend: linguini and clams, sweet potato ravioli, farm fresh mozzarella salad
4	While the name smacks of some sort of TGI McApplegarden, Rooster's Wood-Fired Kitchen is pleasant oasis in the middle of strip mall hell. This casual, nay, "relaxed" restaurant pays attention to detail, both in service and food preparation. Plates are served in tasting portions so this is the perfect place to go alone or with a big group. Definitely recommended.
3	Rooster's is a tough place to describe, if only because it offers so much. They sell themselves as a Tapas type place, but I think that's a tough description. We went there a little while ago for no real reason--we hadn't heard too much about it or anything, but it seemed appealing and new. Again, it's hard to pin down what they're serving up, except to say that it was all pretty good. The place itself is really nice--very large and wide open, with modern tables and such. I like this kinda place--doesn't seem chain-y or anything. As for the food, it was good, not transcendent. Lots of small plates and options like that. I actually enjoyed the pizza the most, although it was all pretty decent. At our table of three, I think 3 or 4 national cuisines were sampled, if that makes sense. Great wine list, too.
4	Coincidentally, good friends of mine were passing through Charlotte during one of my moves.  They offered to help and, in return, I offered to take them out to someplace really nice.  We picked Rooster's because (a) it was new, (b) I had wanted to try it, and (c) it was fairly close to my new home.  We were all pretty tired from packing, moving, and cleaning all day (me, most of all), so it felt like a load had been lifted off my shoulders when we walked into the fairly dimly lit Rooster's and were immediately seated without a reservation.  My only shock came when I discovered that the menu items were all offered a la carte, and no one item was all that cheap!  I let that pass, though, thankful for my friends' help and hoping that we'd have an excellent meal.  Turns out, we did have an exceptional meal.  Every a la carte item we ordered was delicious, starting with the soups and breads, and finishing with dessert.   It was about $200 (for a party of four, with drinks) that was well-spent, considering what the cost of movers (and/or my time and patience) could have been.  I'd love to go there again, but with the pricing for each item, it's going to have to be another very special occasion before I return.
4	I love the ambiance of this place! So cool and modern, different from normal. The food is all good. Went with a friend and my family. The food is decently priced-- like a nice restaurant but not overkill snotty pricing. The wine we had was decent. Weird that it's in a strip mall, we had trouble finding it at first, but I would definitely go back here and take other friends.
4	I have to say the first and second time I went i left not too happy with my dining experience. I like to give restaurants chances to make it up to me so I wont give up until at least my 3rd visit. it could just be an off night for them with that said i went back a 3rd a 4th a 5th and so on... It has gotten better every time I go. They have my favorite wine (El Coto Rioja $30 a btl) which rounds out my meal. So I'm glad I give restaurants multiple tries before dismissing them this time it worked in my favor!!
2	I have been here twice- the first time it was great, the second, yeah not so much.
4	Not bad. Good service, friendly staff, seated promptly!I had the pork shoulder, and it was flavorful, juicy and tender. They served it with some slaw, and man this is the second time I've had slaw that tastes expensive. I also ate this arugula tomato salad.  It tasted fresh, the flavors went well together, and I liked the bits of cucumber with it.  It said the tomatos were sliced liek carpaccio which I thought my tomatos would be thinly sliced but they were about 1cm thick.  It's ok. I forgive them.  I had the dessert special after the waitress suggested it to me which was this apple bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream... that... wasn't um great. I felt like I was scooping up butter.  It actually smelled like butter too.  I took like 5 bites and I just couldn't stomach it any longer.  Good news though, the waitress asked how it went and when I told her I wasn't a fan, she waived it!  I would have given this place 3 stars if the dessert wasn't waived but since it was, and since I know that the bread pudding isn't usually on the menu.. 4 stars!
4	Just got back from a fabulous dinner at Roosters. My friend and I were seated quickly and begun to peruse their wine by the glass menu. Minus 1/2 star; I had higher expectations for the wines by the glass. Its like they tried to hard to be diverse and missed a little. Other then that the items on the menu were great. We ordered the Onion Soup, the arugula salad, the brussel spouts, hanger steak, and the pumpkin gnocchi. My favorite was the gnocchi. It was perfectly cooked light and delicate. Those 5 items plus two $9 glasses of wine ended up being a bit over $40 each including tip. Definitely worth it. Food was done in what I like to call " gormetey" as in; every dish tasted unique and different. The only thing that I didn't look, ie: the other minus 1/2 a star is because the onion soup was a bit salty. It was amazing just a bit more salt then I would prefer. I would definitely recommend this place and its the type of place I would take my boyfriend or out of town visitors. Give it a try!
2	Our experience wasn't very good. Our food had a nice presentation, appeared to be of good quality, but was surprisingly bland in all 3 cases. I had the Beef Short Ribs. It was nice that they were very tender, but were lacking flavor. Others at our table had the Duck and BBQ Chicken, and surprisingly, we all agreed that everything was bland.  Another disappointment was the over-priced average wine.For our experience, and what we were expecting (from another recommendation) it was certainly way over-priced and not worth it.The worst part was the waiter we had - he seemed to try to rush us through our decisions and seemed slightly irritated when we asked questions. The manager on duty was nice and stopped by to check on us. All in all, I'm guessing we had one of those "bad nights", and unfortunately, walked away without a reason to return.  For the dollar, there are many other restaurants we'd choose over this one.
3	I came here twice, both in a small group hanging at the bar and as part of a larger one with a formal sit-down dinner. First the negative: the sit-down dinner was pretty bleh: mass-produced for mass capacity in the function room, which was kind of chilly. Hanging at the bar was better with appetizers and wine: try the calamari for sure. The wine-by-glass list was largely very decent and reasonably priced. But getting kicked out at 11 because the place was closing was a bit of a drag. This place gets super-crowded on Saturday nights, so they must be doing something right, but I'm not quite sure what that is, or what the whole stuffed cocks on the wall thing is (I mean roosters, you pervs!)
5	Went here on Saturday night and this time the server Stephanie did an amazing job!! We were with two people that had never been and they loved it as well!! I don't know what they changed but whatever it is it's working!!
5	I adored this place, but let me just say, it is not for everyone. The serving style remind me of France..  and Spain a bit.. small dishes, tastes or different power flavors..  I really liked the tastes and the wine and the cozy dark wood feel of the place, could have done with out the wall display of Roosters, but I imagine Chef Noble finds some symbolism in them, since he also has them at Nobles, his other place.I would say, if you are into BIG portions, American style service and getting quantity for your buck, this isn't your cup of tea, but if you are into smaller portions with higher quality per bite, this is a treat in my opinion.A good date spot, because you won't over eat and everything is for sharing, its kinda dark and romantic...  small and intimate feeling.
4	My husband and I have eaten here twice for dinner and both times we were very pleased with our meals as well as the service.  Roosters can either be a $40 dinner or a $100 all-out eating fest.  We have tried both approaches.  The first night we ate there for Valentine's Day - we shared a 1/2 carafe of wine, we each had a salad, and I ordered the hangar steak (delicious!) and my husband ate seafood off the specials menu.  Both of us were incredibly happy with our meals.  We shared some beets as a side dish - very tasty!  That evening a special dessert was also offered - an apple tart that required about a 20 minute preparation so I ordered that when my dinner arrived.  The tart was incredible.  My husband ordered the coconut cake and, unfortunately, it was still partially frozen when it arrived at the table.  Tonight we ate at the bar.  Very cordial server, bartender, hostess, busgirl ... everyone was very friendly.  We did not have a reservation so we opted to sit at one of the community tables near the bar.  My husband and I shared a plate of zucchini fries with a lemon aioli.  The zucchini fries were pretty good but the lemon aioli was amazing!  My husband ordered the hangar steak tonight and I ordered the smoked wings.  We shared a plate of brussels sprouts as our side.  I am an enormous wing fan and these were fabulous.  They were hot in a peppery hot sort of way.  The plate of wings was huge but I somehow managed to finish them with only a little help from my husband.  I cannot wait to order these again!  No dessert for us tonight and no drinks so our bill was just over $40.  Delicious.
1	I was looking forward to my dining experience at Roosters but was greatly disappointed. Though I had a reservation, I had to wait 15 minutes for my table. The bar was full and it was raining so I was forced to stand in the doorway as they have no designated waiting area. The atmosphere was far too noisy to hold a conversation. The waitress did her best sales job and told me about the beautiful scallops that looked like "toasted marshmallows" when they came from the oven. She didn't tell me that they were miniature marshmallows, three of them to be exact. For $18.00 I got three scallops with no sides. The best part about the meal was the steamed green beans ($5 extra) and the bottle of wine. Hard to mess those up. I came home, made a sandwich and crossed Roosters off of my places to eat in Charlotte.
1	all of these bad reviews hit on things that annoyed me the 2 times i've ate here...it is SO pretentious ( "tap water" is uttered like they're offering u mud puddle water), the food is OK at best, the portions are tiny, and the prices are very high for what you get (even for a restaurant open in South Park)...I read the article in the paper Sunday on Jim Noble and while he seems like a good dude and its admirable some of the far reaching plans he has, he ought to get this restaurant up to snuff before he starts opening other Roosters..You could take the same $ u pay here and go to Manzettis/PF Changs/ McCormick & Schmick etc...and get a better meal, and better portions to actually fill u up
1	I was REALLY looking forward to going to Rooster's.  I had checked out the menu on the restaurant's webpage, and it looked great.  I read the reviews from other Yelpers, which made me hopeful.  Unfortunately, the dining experience I had with my girlfriend last week was simply dreadful.  We ordered the fried green tomato appetizer, and it was truly ordinary.  The tomatoes were breaded too heavily, and there wasn't anything particularly flavorful on the plate.  For dinner, we ordered the flatiron steak, the half chicken, green beans, and cauliflower.  The meats were just dreadful.  The steak was undercooked, and it was served cold.  The chicken was warm when it was brought to the table, but it was so bland that it was not worth eating.  Candidly, a rotisserie chicken from the Fresh Market is much, much better than the chicken they served us here.  The vegetables weren't memorable in any way.  The beans were luke warm and a bit oily.  The cauliflower's sauce/flavoring was simply not enough to make it enjoyable.  We skipped dessert, for there seemed to be no point in prolonging the evening.  While our waitress was quite good, the bartender we encountered inside the restaurant was clearly working in the wrong area of the restaurant.  When we asked him about some of the wines that they offer by the glass he told us "I don't drink wine".  Really?  Then why in the world are you working the bar?  I found that to be a total turn-off. I am really sad that Rooster's seems to have such terrible food.  The inside of the restaurant is really neat, and the staff (with the exception of our bartender) was friendly and competent.  We won't be returning.
3	Dined here with friends for Sunday brunch. Large open space with roomy booths, which makes for a very comfortable and intimate dining experience.I had the shrimp and grits. Delicious! There's a bit of a spicy kick due to the chorizo...fun for the taste buds! My husband got a traditional breakfast. Good, but nothing extra special. Like others have mentioned, the portions are not large; however, it was plenty to get me full (not stuffed).The service was good and everyone seemed very friendly. The decor is a conversation starter with a wall of stuffed roosters. It is pricey, so going is a luxury when you can.
4	Good atmosphere; amazing bread, french onion soup, and BBQ chicken.  The whole place smells delicious - fresh baked bread and smokey wood.  Some of the dishes and sides are on both the expensive and small side.  They have a separate bar menu that is very good and more reasonably priced.  Always very busy, be sure to make a reservation.
5	i feel like i dont ever write bad reviews but i dont have anything bad to say about jim nobles roosters. you can get one of the best meals in charlotte along with one of the better wine list and not break the bank. sometimes i eat at places seasonally but this place has something for every taste and every time of year. lately i have been ordering their fish specials, a couple months ago it was flounder with fiddle head ferns and trumpet mushrooms, this past weekend it was carolina tilefish with fennel grapefruit and figs (mind you i dont like sweet anything) and a port reduction. the fish was absolutely flawless in every way and the accompaniments on the plate were mind blowing. we got a semi-traditional and perfect romaine and heirloom tomato (some of the best tomato's i have had this year and i consider myself a connoisseur) salad as a starter with a couple glasses of pinot gris and rose, split with my friend and left completely satisfied, full and bragging about our dinner later in the night. i love the atmosphere in the resty, the decor, and especially the bar area. we had originally sat @ a table, werent feeling the vibe and asked if we could cruise the bar, they were more than willing to oblige and then proceeded the exceed every expectation as usual. i say it all the time and i will say it again roosters in one of the finest meals in charlotte for the money
4	I LOVE this place. I always come by when I'm in town, more for the atmosphere than the food. I'm not a big Southern foods fan, but definitely try the vegetable plate. Mac and cheese, roasted beets, corn, onion rings are fantastic.  The BLT isn't on the lunch menu, but with heirloom tomatoes, fantastic bread, and thick-cut bacon, this is hard to pass up. I also adore the chicken, arugula and apple salad at lunch. The service is amazing and the wine list is fantastic. Let your waiter talk you into a Spanish wine on the list or take part in the $2.50 glass during the week-such a great deal!
3	I've been here three times because I live so near and can walk to it, and while each time was not a horrible experience, it was not stellar either. The atmosphere and the bustle of the crowd lend more to the dining experience than the food itself. If you want a marginal experience, then this is it.
3	I have to admit I was rather underwhelmed by Rooster's. Basically, the wood-fired roasted chicken wasn't anything I couldn't order from Harris Teeter. Not great, not terrible, either. And if I'm going to shell out big $$$ for a meal, I'd prefer to get my socks knocked off.Still, the atmosphere and decor says a lot about Rooster's; I did like how spacious and roomy, and how quaint, the restaurant felt. I think it makes a nice place for a quiet date with someone. I'll probably try it again...soon-ish.
3	For the past year & a half this place has been my standby for dinner after arriving at CLT airport.  Food is much better than the chain type places nearby... however, last few times I've been there I've left a bit disappointed.  I was there two nights ago & felt the food was overseasoned which is hiding the true flavor.  Service is always very friendly & accommodating.  Next time I'll remember to ask for dressing on the side & steamed veggies unadorned.  Yes, there are folks that can't survive without salt... give them a salt shaker.   With the awesome Charlotte Farmers market nearby... let the veggies speak for themselves.I find lots of fried and "smothered" options on plenty of southern menus.  Roosters needs to be a gourmet cut above to match the price & service.  They've hit the mark before & they can do it again  You can definitely do worse in the neighborhood.
5	Rooster's is great, with a few nits I wish they would work on.  The place smells incredible, thanks to the wood-fired grill.  You may smell like you've been sitting around a fire when you leave, but it's a small trade off for great food.  The decor is a bit alarming - And I don't mean to scare you, but there are roosters on the wall.  Try not to upset them....I've eaten quite a few things off the menu and in generally, it's all really good.  The best tip I can provide is try the specials.  They are generally seasonal and local foods.   I have never been disappointed when order the specials.  Also - the vegetable they offer are just great too.  I'm typically a meat eater, but I enjoy getting a bunch of vegetables to try different things.My two nits about my numerous experience there:1) I've only ordered red wine there, and every time I find the wine is served around room temperature.  I know this sounds super pretentious, but I prefer my red wine chilled a bit.  Room temperature is just a bit too warm.  2) For as wide of menu as Rooster's offers, the drink menu is extremely light.  I would encourage them to develop some cool seasonal cocktails.  This was one missing piece to the experience....Absolutely head to Rooster's for a great meal - One of the best in Charlotte.
5	Service is always exceptional! Especially if you just grab some drinks from the bar. The hostess is always really nice and friendly.
2	Watch what you order.  I had half an enemic chicken and peas and it was twice as expensive as my husbands MUCH more delicious turkey breast sandwich.  My arm got tired from flagging down the waiter and it took us an hour and a half to get in and out due to this.We used a Groupon and Roosters added 20% to the bill in gratuity.  I get it that people tip based on the reduced price which is completely cheap and lame and you should be smacked in the head and publicly embarrassed for doing so.  But paying 20% for terrible service didn't add to the expereince.  At the Groupon price we paid $45 out the door for 2 entrees, 1 beer (great selection!!!!) and 2 desserts and that was fair.  It would have been $65 without the Groupon and that is WAY too much for lunch.The french fries were the best thing we tried.  FANtastic.
4	Roosters is one of the restaurants in town that makes us wish we lived South of Uptown vs. North.  Many of the negative reviews reference small portions.  That's the point of a tasting/tapas type menu so, if you're into big portions, hit somewhere else.  My wife and I have enjoyed everything we have ever ordered and have never felt like any of it was overpriced.  I love the chorizo and clams over linguine, have had a couple cuts of beef, many of the salad choices and everything comes out prepared correctly, well seasoned, right temperature, etc.When it comes to the service, we have also always been pleased.  Very attentive, quite friendly and know the menu/wine list inside and out.  For those complaining that they are offered tap vs. bottled vs. sparkling water... Seriously?  That's an issue?  If you have some problem with that, it's likely more about you than the restaurant.  Make a choice and move on.  I order tap cause I want my $ to go to food, wine and service as that is why I'm eating out vs. cooking at home in the first place.Agree with Annie W's 2/22/11 comments on the bar/bartenders as well.  Very friendly/funny and, no matter how crowded the bar is and how many people back I am, its always easy to get their attention and get a drink.Finally, if you happen to be dining there with my wife, DO NOT ask for a bite of her coconut cake at dessert!  She is rarely possessive over food but for this coconut cake, she makes an exception.  You may lose an arm...  :)
2	My first restaurant in Charlotte....meh.  While the servers were nice, service was pretty slow and the restaurant was empty.  The food was ok, but nothing to write home about.
2	Ahhh Roosters, where did you go wrong? Why am I giving you only two stars? Because, frankly, with the exception of the pan roasted corn and the wine list, you deserve 2 stars. Ugh.Yes, the portions are small, and so when you add up enough things to get full, suddenly you parceled together a $24 meal.  But I just have a problem with the execution. I've been twice for dinner and twice for lunch. Their grilled salmon was burnt and not tasty. When I got a salmon salad on top of frisee, red peppers and fingerlings, the salmon was almost pure fat and tasted awful and I walked away hungry. 1/5  The pizzas are tiny.  Oh, the fries are actually quite delicious.  I'm just not clear why my friends like it so much.  Next time, I would just go to sit outside, have a glass of vino and maybe munch a little on the corn. Chef Noble, all my love for King's Kitchen, but this one misses the mark consistently for me.  Regrettfully,Jules
5	Took my wife, her sister and our neighbor for Mothers Day. Once again we were met with great food and great service  The fried oyster appetizer came out hot and crispy and succulent. Caesar salad was wonderfulness as always. Just the right size vs a darn entree sized salad when all you want is a side. Pasta of the day with duck confit = yum and same thing for the cauliflower and onion rings. Dessert?  No brainer. Coconut cake or bust. I even got a bite of honey's without suffering any bodily harm. A good night as always.
4	Independent and non-franchised chef-owned restaurants are like snowflakes, each one a little different.  Some you adore, some just aren't so appealing.  Certainly Rooster's and it's high-profile chef (for Charlotte) fit into that category.  Having now visited here a healthy handful of times, I can say if you are the type of person who looks at dining out as more of an experience than an occasion to stuff your gullet, Rooster's will appeal.First, the ambiance:  Spacious room with an open kitchen right in the center, where the wood-fired grill is always visible.  Like a buzzing beehive, the chefs busily push each other on while servers quickly pick up plates and make deliveries to the surrounding booths and high-topped tables.  The decoration is best described as rustic European-country farm.  A wall of wine compartmentalized into bins contrasts with stuffed fowl on the opposing wall.  Dark woods and dim lighting make for a most intimate and romantic feel, though it can get a little loud due to the high ceilings at peak times.Cuisine is primarily European-inspired with an emphasis on local-sourcing.  But the Southern influence is noticeable throughout, especially in the veggie offerings and vinegar-based barbecue sauce.  Like a finer European restaurant, the concept is smaller dishes, with a big emphasis on flavor, texture, and/or presentation. Again, the idea is dining as a full sensory experience.  Fries cooked in truffle oil, buttered butter beans, house-made gnocchi.  Even the cheese and charcuterie boards have some interesting picks. Surprise find for me- chicken liver mousse.  I'm not a liver eater, by any means, but I'd put this smooth operator on crunchy toast any day of the week.All this said, I don't find Rooster's pretentious at all: servers are happy to take time with you and will gladly take back anything that does not appeal and offer a substitution.  The menu also includes a full range of staples for the not so adventurous.  Wine is almost a must here due to the voluminous wine offerings and the captain's list.  Broad enough to appeal to just about any palette and price point, the selections are well known by the educated severs who can help you pick.  They will also let you sample any wine sold by the glass before pouring a regular serving.  A small selection of microbrews and a full bar complete the drink offerings.Bottom line: If you are into large portions, and favor quantity for your buck, you will leave here disappointed.  If, though, you look to quality and overall experience, I find Rooster's has it in spades.
4	My husband and I had lunch here just the other day and dinner some time ago.  We enjoyed both visits, although I have to say I enjoyed the dinner menu more.  This time around I ordered the roast chicken wrap.  I was planning on ordering something different, but once the server explained to my husband what was on it, I decided to order it too.  Put pickled red onions on anything and I'm in!  The wrap was good, but close to being over-seasoned.  It comes with a side of fries, but you can get a different side for $1 more so I ordered the onion rings.  I'm glad I did - they were great.  Cut thin, almost like onion straws...quite addictive.  Service was excellent and the food came out FAST.  Almost too fast! I wish the server knew a little more about the craft beer selection.  When asked what the Highland Seasonal was, she responded that she wasn't sure but she knew it was good because the brewery planned to start making it available year-round.  Rather than wait for her to check into it, I simply ordered something else.  No biggie.I love the atmosphere of this restaurant - laid back and cozy.  I'm looking forward to going back again soon!
1	Hey Roosters folks, the common them thru most of these neg. reviews are portion size...do u read these at all?..I've seen similiar complaints on other social sites....most folks aren't looking for a Golden Corral hog trough buffet to gorge themselves, but enough to come close to justify the prices you charge. If I order range-fed chicken, I don't expect the whole bird, but i DO expect more than a baseball size piece of meat with artistic drawings/arrangements on the plate for $15. You consistently get some of the worst reviews of any Southpark eatery..WAKE UP before you CLOSE UP!
5	Always consistently awesome! I've worked at nobles a long long time ago and the perfection and passion in their food is still reflected at roosters as well. Some people say it's pricey but you get what you pay for and they use the best of the best ingredients as well as seasonal produce that is amazing. I've never had anything here that wasn't delightful!
3	Sometimes you enter a restaurant with certain expectations. Sometimes these expectations are derived from reviews online, sometimes friends' praises, and other times it's by coming upon the restaurant itself and gauging the quality of food simply through the interior design/ambience. Upon entering, and seeing the open kitchen right in the middle of the restaurant, I thought to myself, "I'm in for a scrumptious dinner."The walls were adorn with a number of prismatic stuffed cocks, and everything else looked trendy and clean. The restaurant was so busy that there were no available seating inside the restaurant. So the four of us opted to sit outside instead. This restaurant apparently has a huge winelist. Were I a wine drinker, I would've appreciated it very much. Alas, I am not a drinker of wine due to a lack in a certain required sophistication, thus I did not appareciate the wine list. In fact it made the menu very confusing. Yes, I am dumb I couldn't figure out the menu at first. The menu items are moderately priced. $$ according to yelp  price range. The wait staff was attentive and got to our order fairly quickly. To start we ordered smoked salmon and fried oysters. The fried oysters came with a side of marinara sauce and the breading was perfect. The oysters itself was very fresh and juicy. The smoked salmon was smoked well and subtly flavored. The only complaint I have regarding the salmon is that it could've been chilled a little bit more. It was a little warm. Typically I like raw fish to be slightly colder. I ordered the Quarter chicken dark done natural style. They got me with their rotisserie chicken going round and round in the back of the chicken. Plus, with a name like Roosters, got to try their chickens. I also ordered a side of mac and cheese because my friend swore it tasted like it was made by our lord and savior JC. I was not at all impressed with the chicken. In fact my first thought when I tasted it was, "Boston Market is much better" But, to give them credit, they use organic or locally raised chicken, so that does affect the texture of the meat making it slightly tougher than caged chicken. So that is excusable, however it was certainly lacking in flavor. The mac and cheese was good, but not mind blowing. One of my friends had onion rings. Those were some good onion rings. The breading was flavorful and the rings very thin and delicious. The spinach was very well done as well. My other friend had the mussels and he loved it. Portion size wasn't an issue because I wasn't all that hungry. I think this is one of those cases where I ordered the wrong dishes. I should try other, more exotic items like seafood or breaded dishes since their breading is so good. I'll update their rating next time I visit the restaurant. However, for now, I'll have to give them 3 stars.
5	I really enjoyed eating here.  I was surprised at the food and service.  I will co0me back again if I am in the area.
2	Some of my co-workers really like Roosters, so I've eaten there a few times. However, I'm always kind of disappointed.  As many people have mentioned, the serving sizes are minuscule.  Now, I am not saying that every restaurant needs to serve Applebee's-size trenchers of filler, but here you have to spend a lot of money to leave sans hunger.  In addition to this, the food is relatively so-and-so.  The last time I went for lunch, I ordered a roast turkey sandwich.  It was ok, except for the fact that the bacon was burned.  You'll find a lot of little careless errors like that.Additionally, the dining room is so cavernous that you cannot hear your dining companions, and, perhaps even more frustratingly, the servers cannot hear you.  They really need to put up some acoustic paneling or something.  Rooster's... meh.  There's potential, but it's just that--still potential.
5	If the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, then I might get ditched for Jim Noble.  This man knows food!I have eaten here on many occasions, and honestly, have never been disappointed. I find the portions to be sensible, and keep in mind that many of the items are a la carte.  If you order carefully, you will have plenty of food without breaking the bank.  This must be some sort of adaptive trait.If you get nothing else, please take my advice and order the:Pan fried corn.  Buttery and slightly browned.  It's to die for.Duck confit: Phenomenal here.Assorted Mushrooms: So good, that our dining neighbors *almost* took a bite before ordering their own!Mac & Cheese: This is listed under pastas, not sides, or vegetables, duh.  It is OUT of this world.The quarter or half natural chicken is also a great choice.  They also always have excellent specials. Last time it was the duck wing special that stole my heart.  I still catch myself thinking about those wings.... The servers I've had are always helpful. And for dessert? Get the coconut cake.The atmosphere is country, cozy, and classy!
5	I eat here on a regular basis, probably at least five to six times per month (yes, we don't cook at home, so plent of opportunities for dining out each week). As a couple, or in a larger group, we've never had a bad experience at Roosters. I'm truly amazed that I have read some negative reviews. Everything is ala carte with reasonable prices. I don't usually eat chicken, but have had theirs, both regular and BBQ, and have found it to be exceptionally good. My favorites are the short ribs (very tender and flavorful) and the onion soup (incredibly rich). When it's offered, which is only when they can get a special local tomato in season, the BLT is absolutely wonderful. Service is exceptional, team approach with some taking order, others delivering the food. The roosters on the wall are interesting and a unique decor. An excellent choice for groups (they have a second set of tables across the hall) and I don't think you can go wrong eating here. My one negative is that the corned beef hash on Sunday brunch is not your typical hash, not bad, but not at all what I expected (so there, I can find some fault, but really had to work at it).
4	Really well made upscale food with alot of comfort food mixed in.  Kinda small portions but thats the way I like it.  Cozy warm atmosphere where you can watch the cooks make your food.
4	The chicken wings and the braised beef rib were very good. The service was great and it was a great atmosphere.
5	Still a favorite! Had lunch here last week.Loved the grilled cheese and tomato bisque and the coffee.. OMG, to die for! Wish I could have taken a bunch of beans home, but my suitcase was seriously already like .2 from being overweight at 49.5 lbs....
5	When I read the review that this Independent and non-franchised chef-owned place was in Charlotte - I went out of my way to eat here.  WOW!  WHAT A MEAL !Let me say that again.. W O W !   Prices were fair, food superior quality and the hostess was delightful.  Delicious.  I can't wait to go back.
3	My husband and I visited Rooster's in South Park for the first time on Saturday night.My first impressions of the restaurant were excellent. We had made a reservation via OpenTable, and upon arriving for our 7:30 reservation at 7:25PM, the hostess took one glance at her terminal after asking my name and said, "Your table is waiting, follow me." That's what I want to hear.Once we were sat, however, it was a full 10 minutes before our server came to our table. After such a prompt seating by a hostess who conveyed gravitas and professionalism (she wasn't some college kid, which impressed me greatly) I was expecting promptness and seasoned professionalism throughout the place. Our waiter finally showed up, and didn't ask if we wanted to know the specials, or have any information for us. Instead, when I asked him about the beers on draft, he informed me that no beers were on draft (which is fine) and disappeared for another five minutes to get us a beer menu. He placed it with us, then left again, then returned to ask us if we had decided on drinks. We had, so we ordered them, and again he was off - with no inquiry about if we had any questions on the menu, and no offer to take our order. Yeah, I was hungry. Got a problem with that?We finally got bread, and water, which I had trouble getting refilled. I also drink a lot, and drink fast (which yes, caused me problems in my college days). I found that water-filling staff members would  come and fill the water glasses of the newly-seated tables around us, without a single look at my empty water glass. Finally, I stopped one woman going to the table next to me and asked with my eyes and a nudge if she could spare some more water. Our orders were eventually placed and the food was good - very good. But the portions were small. The three stars are for the food, to be sure. My husband ordered the lamb chop special, which he very much enjoyed. He particularly enjoyed the mint sauce that came with it.I ordered the hangar steak, cooked medium, and the pan fried corn. I received hangar steak, cooked rare. Fortunately, I can enjoy steak cooked along the spectrum from rare to medium well, so I didn't send it back. Besides, I had waited long enough for my food, I wasn't about to let my server take it back so he could have them re-cook it and risk the spit. So yeah, when he checked in I smiled broadly and said, "Everything is great!" as I ate my steak that mooed. The corn was good, but nothing I couldn't easily recreate in a cast iron skillet at home with a few ears of fresh corn and some butter.This restaurant visit was a part of our "date night" so my husband and I enjoyed  the evening. The next day, my husband confessed to me that he was expecting more from a "wood-fired kitchen" - like, stuff that actually tasted like it had been cooked over a wood fire. Neither of our entrees had any smokiness to them. He had been itching to go to Firebirds, but we chose Rooster's instead because it was "new". Firebirds delivered more on the smoke when we last visited there.We likely won't be going back to Rooster's for date-night in the future. The food was okay, but didn't wow me. The ambiance was "meh". The gem of the night was that fantastic professional hostess. I wish Noble could channel that excellence into the rest of the experience at Roosters.
4	I eat here about 10 times a year and I had not had anything but a good experience. The food is always good. I love their: oyster salad (fresh and non greasy oysters), burger and fries (great fries), fried chicken livers (if you do not like liver try theirs it is soft deliciousness encased in a perfectly fried batter).As far as service goes I have only experienced professional service and on more than one occasion I remarked how well run the place was. I tend to have lunch here so my comments may not apply to dinner; at lunch it is a good buy (entrees about $8 - $12). For dinner try Zebras, Carpe Diem, Barringtons, Gallery all of which offer an upscale dinning experience for an upscale price. Sorry for any misspelled names.
4	We walked in on a Wednesday night to try this place out. At first we were greeted with a semi-snooty "do you have a reservation?" which is fine to ask but you don't need to look down on me because we made a last minute decision to dine at your establishment. And, for the sake of being honest, the lack of the last star is because of this initial greeting. A second hostess appeared and the attitude disappeared and we were shown to a nice booth. We sat for a few minutes and had the chance to decide what we would like to drink from their pretty impressive wine by the glass list. The wine I originally ordered was out but the substitution was delicious so no big deal there! We placed an order of wings to have as an appetizer and they were delicious. These are not soaked in buffalo sauce dip them in ranch dressing wings, they are dry rubbed and smoked and the flavor is amazing. For mains I went with the burger and fries and the husband had the salmon and a side of the corn. First, let me say that he was kind enough to share a couple of bites with me so I could taste his and even though I'm not a big fish person I thought the salmon was really good as was the corn. The burger was delicious! Seriously, one of the best I have had in a really long time and the fries were also so good! The service was spot on and we're really looking forward to going back and trying more menu options. The patio seating looked really nice but I have recently quit smoking and there were people smoking at those tables so I'm not sure we'll be able to enjoy that anytime soon.
4	My husband and I were greeted by the hostess very nicely and shown right to our table. Our first time to dine here & will be on our list of favorites for sure!     Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu, and offered ideas re: sides etc.   Our only complaint was our waitress was very rushed and would often sprint away before we could ask a question or  make a request. She almost seemed out of breath. She also spoke very fast & we needed to have her repeat herself.  Very noisy atmosphere, yet we really enjoyed the fun decor.    The menu was exceptional, Many interesting choices!  The specials sounded delicious. Great wine selection.  Our salads and entrees were wonderful, perfectly seasoned and prepared. As foodies, we are happy to say, Rooster's does not disappoint! We WILL return!
5	My mom and I came in for lunch today.  We had Geoffrey as a server.  My mom had ordered a bowl of soup & vegetable plate.  I ordered breakfast.  Everything was going great...and then we realized that our entrees were taking a while to get out.  We did not have to ask about our food.  The manager, Fernando (I think :) -- came to us and apologized on behalf of the chef saying that our food would be out momentarily.  Our food ended up having a 32 minute ticket time.  I work in the restaurant industry and it is in moments like these that restaurants either SINK or SHINE.  ROOSTERS SHINED!!!!I had a certain expectation of comps, but my expectations were exceeded when we were told that our entire meal would be comped as well as a complimentary dessert (which had not been ordered).Kudos to a restaurant team that understands customer service and long-term vision.  We will DEFINITELY BE BACK!
5	I admit, I was a little scared/overwhelmed by all the taxidermied roosters on the wall when I entered the restaurant (Note: if you have a fear of birds, this may not be the place for you-- they literally have one wall ornamented with stuffed roosters). Our server Steve was the man..he may have been the best waiter I've ever had. He was so knowledgeable, fast, and friendly. The General Manager even came out to say hello. I had the cheese plate, the gnocchi (which was to die for), and the soft shell crab that had a panko crust. Everything was delicious. I would definitely come back!!
1	Great place if poor service and expensive cold food is your thing. The service was unbearably slow.  They ran out of pork shoulder and au gratin potatoes. When we were finally served it was cold. The bill was incorrect twice!  AVOID!!
4	How does this restaurant have so few raving reviews on Yelp? Either the folks in Charlotte don't know a great restaurant when they see it, or it's just a little too southern for the New Yorkers in Charlotte. The food was exceptional, the service was friendly and knowledgeable, and the hosts were incredibly nice. I enjoyed sitting at the stools by the open kitchen, and everything that emerged from the kitchen looked so inviting. I had the roasted duck wings with delicious chili aioli, and the quarter barbq chicken. The chicken was tender and moist, and I enjoyed the sauce. I felt that the chicken could have been even better had it been smoked. The fried corn was excellent as an accompaniment. There were so many things I wanted to try on the menu, and I think I shall go back for the succulent looking grilled burger. I loved it!
4	My wife and I have really grown to love Rooster's.  We met my brother and his wife there this past weekend and had several different menu items!  I had the BBQ chicken and my wife had the scallops.  Both dishes were wonderful!  Wine was flowing!  Can't wait to go back and try some new things!  We were there late so next time we plan to stick around a little longer!
4	We have been here many times in the past and have been very satisfied every time we have dined. Emphasis is more on the food than service. I have not ordered anything that I was not satisfied with. The other day we went for Sunday lunch and was kind of surprised that it was not that busy. Overall I think this is one of the best places to eat in the Southpark area.
2	For lunch, tab for 3 without wine was $75. Quality of pizza has fallen ... oily, too much cheese, not enough mushrooms. Tomato bisque is as good as ever. Mac & cheese dry and salty -- avoid. Pan seared grouper was one dimensional, salt only with a tough and somewhat crispy skin. Bread basket contained cold sliced bread. Ordered salmon salad, waiter returned saying they were out but he could add a piece of warm salmon for $4. Huh? Jim Noble, come in and fix your restaurant.
1	Longest wait ever!!!!!!!!!!!! Wtf we had a reservation and waited over an hour
4	Great service, lovely wine selection and decant food. I had the cheese board & hanger steak...it was even plenty to share. The hanger steak was cooked perfectly. Definitely a great restaurant in the Southpark area.
5	This is the most stellar restaurant in Charlotte. It is my go-to place for great cheese, amazing wood-grilled meats, and good wine. The waiters really know their stuff. Try the duck confit or hanger steak for entrees and macaroni and cheese or corn for sides.
4	This review is for the Uptown location.Lots of win here. Stopped in without a reservation to celebrate a friend's birthday.Great, knowledgeable service, Warm, pleasant atmosphere, Worthwhile wine list,Delicious charcuterie and cheese offerings ( Humboldt Fog, anyone?)Definitely a welcome Uptown addition.
3	I was a little disappointed with Rooster's.  I ordered a Bloody Mary and it came w/o a celery stalk, just a wedge of lime.Mom ordered a white zinfadel and instead of saying they did not have it they brought a rose instead and said it was the sweetest thing they had!  A little insulting. We ordered our food then and the salads came quickly but they were finished and we waited a long time for our entrees. Finally asked the waiter and he said the kitchen forgot the hamburger which held him up.  Food finally came and all was good except the CORN that everyone raved so about....it was terrible.  Dry, overlooked and no flavor for $6 in a very little bowl.  It was also very noisy and hard to carry on a conversation.  Maybe best to go for a lunch date!
2	This place is touted with such hype for originality and popularity. On a Weds eve at 6:30 plenty of tables but by 7:30 bar was full, all tables full in and out, and waiters could hardly keep up. Dinner just didn't measure up to expectations. Both our dishes were tepid when served. Nightly special with local heritage tomatoes included a slice of the top/core-stem part of the tomato. Ugh. I was shocked. Great wines by the glass and great atmosphere. But, for the money, I want better food and more of it.
5	What a wonderful time we had at this restaurant.  Friends of ours have been raving about this place and so we all went together last night to have wine and appetizers.  DELICIOUS!!!!  Wonderful service and great selection of items to choose from.  I would highly recommend this place.  We will be going back.
1	Review for the Uptown location: Came here when it was fairly busy were taken upstairs and sat in a section that seemed closed. My friends and I were visiting from out of town and although we're younger we were all well dressed and well mannered. We sat there for fifteen minutes looking at a menu of overpriced food. My friend and I had time to go to the bathroom and NOONE HAD EVEN ACKNOWLEDGED THAT WE WERE THERE even though we were clearly not being waited on and there was someone setting tables in the empty section we were seated in. Can't speak for the food because we left due to bad service.
5	This review is for the South Park location.  I love this place.  Love the duck (breast and confit), bbq chicken, pan fried corn, scalloped potatoe side, etc., etc.
2	After hearing from some friends for months that we must try Roosters, we had dinner there with my parents.   We had 6:30 reservations and the water glasses were filled promptly as we were seated.  THAT is where the prompt and good service ended.   It took over 15 minutes for the waitperson to come to our table and bring us menus.  She asked if we would like drinks and we gave her our order.  THey didn't have the burbon my father requested and she forgot whether I wanted salt on my margarita.She brought us our drinks and then she decided to read from the 'specials' menu what the specials of the day were.  Guess we could have read them ourselves. We gave her our order, but being Sunday night, I guess they had run out of several of the items we requested as she kept saying it was a really busy weekend.  Great for them, not what we needed to hear over and over.... Fast forward 20 minutes later when she brought us our salads.  Three out of 4 of them were OK, my father's blue cheese dressing was the consistency of water and he asked for them to take the salad away.  The manager came over and said it must have been a bad batch of dressing and he was having the chef make more.  They brought him another salad and different dressing.  It was still not the blue cheese dressing that he had ever had, but he ate it.  The dining experience was NOTHING like we had thought it to be.  We can handle a loud restaurant, but we were seated to the side of the wood fire grill and all night we kept getting interrupted by employees yelling orders to each other.  The wait person was pleasant enough, but she was off a beat at almost every step of the dinner.  When we needed her, she was no where to be found, when we had no need for her she stopped by.Like other reviewers have said, the portions were very sparse.  I get nouvelle cuisine, but this was not that.  It was sparse portions and to add insult to injury, all sides were a-la-carte.    The food prices were medium to high for what they were.Sadly, we will probably not be giving this restaurant another chance as it failed on so many levels.  I assume that they must get it right now and again based on some of the more positive reviews.  All I can say is I hope you hit a good day the next time you want to spend almost $50.00 a person for a casual dinner out in Charlotte.
4	Amazing food, wonderful staff and good atmosphere. Loved the wine selection (even though I'm mostly a beer gal). The food was perfect. Totally recommend for a date night and can't wait to go again. It's family style with the sides and the protein choices are made for even the pickest eaters.
4	Uptown LocationThis was another new restaurant in my Uptown Shuffle effort of trying to break old habits and eating at a wider variety of places while stuck Uptown.The menu had many choices and I selected three offerings, the seared scallops, the assorted mushrooms, and the pan fried corn. Each and every dish was rich and flavorful and far exceeded my expectations.The wait staff was attentive, my water glass was always full and I was consistently checked on to see if the meal was to my liking.I left the restaurant full and satisfied with plans to return again. Next time I may try the bar which had several interesting chalkboard specials such as quail sausage,  venison bangers and mashed, and duck wings. Very Intriguing.
4	Looked for a random place to goto and from the outside the place looks pretty plain.  Upon entering, this place is amazing.  Me and me lady went to the location at South Park.  The atmosphere is great.  The kitchen itself is setup right in the middle of the kitchen.  We sat at the kitchen bar and we seen the chef, desert chef, brick over chef all work in unison.  Amazing and different.   We tried the popular Duck Confit.  That was indeed good if you like duck.  however, the show stopper was the braised ribs.  They fall off the bone and melt in my mouth.  The mash potatoes were amazing as well.  We went all out and tried the desert.  The caramel cake was not so great as it is infused with ginger.  (Which is not my personal cup of tea)  The coconut cake was AMAZING and I am not big on coconut.  Overall, great place.  unique and the best food I've tasted so far here in Charlotte.  **** Now the flaws ****  Snooty feel to the place.  The waiter was just so stern, no smile, no greeting.  Just felt soooo uptight.  And I am sure some others might have commented on this on Yelp.  The food is expensive.  Sides alone are separate and not included in the main course.  For Charlotte, its to be expected... that you pay a high price for good food.  You get what you pay for and you do here.  I do miss the big city food where it is heck of a lot cheaper.   So, besides the staff and the price, overall, worth a go.
4	Three of us had dinner Saturday night. While crowded it didn't have the usual Saturday night energy, the bar area was merely half full at best. Having said that, the food selections were delicious. We got  2 of the entree specials; grilled Grouper with purple sweet potatoes-done perfectly. The other was Antelope Bolognese with home made parpardelle-equally delicious with no hint of gaminess. Also had the roasted chicken, fried corn, and fried oysters-all good. The small plates allow easy sharing of the different tastes. Dessert was the egg nog ice cream with ginger cake; a nice way to end the evening.
4	Whether you are uptown or out here in South Park area Roosters is a solid choice for either dinner or lunch.  I've been to this one a few times and at my latest visit I tried the fried oyster salad.  So perfect, the coolness of the greens combined with the warm fried oysters was just a perfect combo.  The service here was great but the seating was a bit awkward where my girlfriend and I sat.  I have to mention it because it was really noticeable.  The table was a solid six inches away from both of us so it made for a weird eating arrangement to say the least.  I wouldn't let that deter you from eating here at all though.  Just get a better seat :)
3	Too many misses for us to go back, starting with the slow service and ending with over priced offerings for our tastes. I like to say something nice so I will add that our onion soup was quite good and the very small mushroom pizza....well, .nothing special but since I love mushrooms, I liked it ok. We asked for bread while we waited and what there was of it, was good. We certainly did not leave feeling stuffed so I guess that's a good thing! Just a little let down.
4	A Very Unique CLT institution, but pricey!Went last night on corporate event. Best Calamari ever! Fried Corn, Brussel Sprouts were pretty good. Assorted Mushrooms ($10) were AMAZING.I ordered NY Strip "medium", and was served overcooked steak... twice. Manager came out to apologize. Interesting that they couldn't get that right. Despite me ordering $29 entree, they comped 2 desserts.Coconut Cake and Bread Pudding were top hits.Check Out the Bar Bites Menu (after 4pm). Very good selection, $5-7/dish
1	This place missed the mark on so many levels for us. I'll start with the service, since this was the only great part of the experience. Our waiter was very friendly and spent time with us going over the menu. He was attentive, brought us everything we asked for and offered to replace my soup when I didn't like it. He gets the 1 star I gave here. Here's my list of the bad:- What the hell is that wall of dead birds? - The wood fired beets - tasted more like rubber lumps, no wood fired taste. - The pan fried corn - yes, it's pan fried corn, my bad for expecting some spices in there. - The onion soup - overly salty and has a strong, unidentifiable flavor. - The scallops - nothing special at all.- The prices - for what we paid, I would expect to be spoon fed while being fanned with palm leaves. Really a said combo of inflated prices and mediocre food you could prepare at home for nothing.And be forewarned: Everything is a la carte. Ordering scallops? That's $20, and then you may add a side for $7. What a joke. Bring a fat wallet  of money you were thinking of setting on fire and low expectations and you should leave happy.
4	Great food and great service.  I had the grilled salmon and it was cooked perfectly.  We ordered enough sides for the entire table to share and my favorite were the potatoes, that could have been my entire meal and I would have been happy. I liked that they had local craft beer on the menu although the two best were missing: NoDa and Old Meck.The atmosphere is great. It's very open, somewhat loud but not enough that you can't enjoy your conversation. Can't wait to go back!
3	I was at rooster's two days ago for dinner. I love the atmosphere there. The open kitchen is great and the weird wall of roosters is okay in my book.I ordered the gnocchi with duck confit. When it arrived I was shocked by the size of it. It looked like an appetizer. I couldn't believe they didn't at least try to beef it up with more spinach and onions! When I bit into it I was in heaven. It was incredible. Perfect tender pieces of gnocchi and wonderfully flavorful duck in a sauce that I was scooping up with bread when I was done. My only complaint-not enough(although that's a big complaint). If they presented their dishes as small plates that would be one thing, but I placed my order expecting a nice sized plate of food(not a huge amount but a bit more than I got). That being said, I would return to rooster's,I just might eat a light snack before I leave home.
5	Very good Food, service and wine as always.This place is a must do if you have never been.
4	Decided to eat here based on other Yelp reviews.They were not wrong! This a a great place.And, as others have noted, very slightly overpriced (all dishes are a la carte, sides are $5-$7).Also, note to Northerners: I ordered BBQ chicken. I should have expected it but was slightly surprised by the Carolina style, vinegar based BBQ sauce. Once again, it was VERY good, but just don't think that it's like the typical St. Louis/Texas tomato based sauces.Also, server was very attentive and the atmosphere is very cool. They have an extensive seating area/bar around the open kitchen ... which I should have sat at as it's WAY more entertaining!
4	I was visiting Charlotte and wanted to try something totally different, not the typical chain places like Applebee's. I was at the Southpark mall and wanted something relatively close which Roosters was. My first impression upon walking in was great. The hostess was friendly, loved the kitchen in the center and liked the different decor (stuffed roosters on one wall). My waiter was friendly and helpful, explaining the menu, how everything was local and giving me his advice on some menu items. I took his advice and got the duck confit, getting the asparagus as a side. When it came out, everything looked gorgeous. The asparagus was grilled, was a tad firm, but not at all chewy with a great taste. The duck was fantastic! I got full but hated to leave any of it left on my plate because it was so amazing. It had a great sauce, a nice crisp skin and was LITERALLY fall off the bone tender. Not kidding, I pulled on the bone when I cut into it, and the bone came out totally clean. I love duck, and that was one of the best duck meals I've ever had. Next time im in the area, I'll be back. I got those who meal items and a sweet tea and my total was just under 30 bucks, so not cheap, but I was full and pleased. I feel like for a once-in-a-while great meal, it was well worth it.
2	Its just ok
5	If you enjoy great Southern cuisine ,this will be the place for you! the food is amazing...the service is perfect...and the ambience is excellent! I enjoyed the beef short ribs...and a wonderful arugula salad with feta..SO fresh!
4	Saturday night at 815 pm, party of 5. For those who have yet to try Roosters, their approach is a wide variety of small plates designed for sharing.  Everything is always prepared perfectly. This is a well run restaurant; caution you need a reservation unless you want to sit at a high top table in the bar area. This night we had several salads, Calamari (not as good as Wolfgang's). The flounder special was delicious, one of the best fish dishes we've had. Other entrees included the parpadelle with beef ragout, natural juice chicken, hanger steak and mac and cheese. Everyone loved their selections. Dessert was the currant bread pudding with vanilla gelato and a coconut cake. Everything was spot on. A $34 zin worked well with our choices.
1	We used to love this place but it has gone done hill in last few months. Not sure if there  is new management. Last two times in the place was  empty. We had lunch a few weeks ago and had the scallop salad.  Plate came with brown avocado and missing scallops. When we complained to manager he seemed pissed and argued with us on the scallop count and our issue with brown avocado.. We get this salad all of the time and know what to expect.. We were more put off by manager than food.. We went back today and had another mediocre meal. I got the arugula chicken salad. It looked like then took a plate threw a handful of arugula on it then dropped a solid chicken breast on top.. No blue cheese and salad dressing came in ramekin. Wife had veggie plate and some items seemed to be very over cooked. Bread which is usually very good was totally stale and cold the last two times.. Come on guys, plenty of places to have lunch in South Park. If I am going to pay $30 plus for lunch I shouldn't leaving wishing I went to Panera.
2	Have to agree with other reviewers.  I know some upscale restaurants have very small portions, but the food quality at roosters does not make up for the appetizer sized meals.  The server told us the sides were enough for 2-3 people to share and we did not find that to be true either.Duck, shrimp,pizza and a pasta dish were  all ordered at our table.  All were reported to be ok or good, but nothing was earth shaking. Atmosphere was nice and service was great...but food not good enough to justify the prices.
4	I have no idea how many times I have eaten here. I think that there is an imprint of my bum on my booth 2 away from the kitchen door. I always start with the arugula salad, then either the veggie plate or the spit fire turkey sandwich (best sami in town), butter beans, and the coconut cake. OMG the coconut cake has a creamy vanilla englaise they drench over it. It is so good. About the butter beans. This is a big thing for me. If you've never had them you need to try them. They are amazing and so good for you. This is something Rooster's does so well. If you have a vegetarian in the family you need to come here. Roasted beets, carrots, corn, whatever is in season. Then there are the meatetarians. They will be happy too because Roosters butchers their meat in house weekly. Basically, if I have a group of people with different tastes I need to please I come to Roosters. Everyone will be well fed at a reasonable price, and leave very happy.
4	Food was outstanding...I tried two of the specials ---the potato soup and the mussels. Both were divine. The complimentary bread was a bit dry, but otherwise everything was delicious. We enjoyed Mac m cheese , zucchini and corn as our sides. They were l outstanding though the portions were small.The server was cordial, but not super friendly and she just wasn't with it. I would have given five stars were the portions larger and the service outstanding.
5	My family and I LOVE Roosters South Park and eat there often, even though its a hike from Concord! Had lunch there Wednesday and between my pork spare ribs, daughter's pasta and wife's spit-fired chicken we were once again pleased. We ate our roasted veggies too: corn and beets that day. Especially appreciated young manager Yuri stepping in to assist the wait staff...how did he know? He used to be a server, the second time we have experienced this connectedness (Steve is always great!) and proud of Jim Noble's staff promoting from within. Sometimes I go just to breathe the wood-fired air but the food is always excellent and we feel at home when we go!
2	The inside of Rooster's is fine, and the service is nice, but it's sneakily expensive and a little frustrating because of the combination of high prices and a la carte menu.. The meat portions are very, very small. Vegetable and other choices are relatively larger. I ordered the hangar steak and it was literally 6-7 bites for $18. I'd consider this more of an over-priced tapas restaurant than anything else.  Although all of the food was quite good, I won't be back as there are too many other choices providing a better experience.
4	Ate at Rooster's for dinner on a weekday around 6:00pm - we were seated promptly. The smells, oh the smells, when you walk in! You're greeted by a great smoky aroma, undoubtedly from the spinning spit fire roasted meats. We started with mussels, a special that day, which were great. We order mussels as an appetizer practically everywhere, and these lived up to our standards. I had the hanger steak, and my husband had the chicken, we also ordered the au gratin potatoes and haricot verts. Everything was great - though the highlight for me may have been the potatoes, I finished every last potato piece on the plate. They were truly decadent, and should probably be limited to a rare treat due to how creamy and cheesy they tasted.The haricot verts were also good, but slightly hard to eat because everything was served either on a very small plate or in a large, deep bowl, leaving no space to use to cut up the beans. Over all, very delicious and I'm sure we'll return!
5	I have to speak about this because it frustrates me when I read these reviews. I am so sick of hearing everyone complaining about how EXPENSIVE roosters is and the small portions..... This is absurd!  Im sorry that roosters does not have the same prices  and massive food portions as Applebees that most of you all must be used to who complain about the $ but give me a break. Roosters for the money, food quality and service is probably the best deal in town. You would spend 3 times your tab if you went to Del Friscos or Mortans downtown. To be able to have a very nice dinner for 2 for under 100 bucks in CLT with wine is a deal. STOP BEING SO CHEAP PEOPLE JEEEEZE
3	Ate here for lunch over the weekend. Service was great!  No complaints there.  However, the food was a bit disappointing.  I thought the price should reflect a higher quality of food.  Ordered tomato soup bisque which was really good.  For the salad with scallops, the avocado that was on the menu as being a part of the salad, was actually guacamole blobs around the plate.  It tasted like they got too ripe so they blended it and squirted it on the plate.  The dressing wasn't bad, scallops were cooked pretty well but with only 3, I felt it needed a 4th to complete the large arugula portion.  My husband ordered the Vietnamese sandwich, which wasn't quite there either.  The pomme frites were on the larger side but a bit softer, not as crisp than I would imagine for pomme frites.  Overall, for the money, wasn't worth it to me and felt that Firebird's one block down had better food for the price.
4	Fantastic fire roasted BBQ chicken! It was fresh and juicy. Something I didn't like however was the price and menu options. There were very few food options (I'm pretty sure their wine list was longer than their dinner menu). And $11 for a piece of chicken with no sides? Seems a bit extreme. Even for a high-end restaurant.We didn't even get any bread before the meal, although I did see another table who did.
4	I am a really big fan of this place - been there half a dozen times and the experience is nearly always good.  The short rib is great - melts in your mouth.  The butter bean/corn succotash is one of my favorites.  The restaurant sources its product from local growers/farmers and it shows - very fresh food, simply prepared.  Service is usually quite good.  Dessert wise, coconut cake with Creme Anglaise rocks the house.
4	Great food, great wine list. Specialty wines by the glass.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go on a date or when I am looking to treat myself. Everything is fresh and the presentation is always lovely. The service is some of the best I've had. I have had a waiter from the restaurant recognize me out on the street weeks later and say hello. The cheese plate is always a wonderful way to start the meal, the wines are wells priced and it is a lot of fun to share lots of small vegetable dishes. My fiance loves the duck confit and I am in love with their succotash and the macaroni and cheese. This is one of my favorite place to eat, I just wish I could afford to do it more often.
4	Very solid restaurant with a horrible location. Nothing is more uninspiring than a corporate office building, but despite the locale, the food shined. Charcuterie and smoked wings were spot on and the pork shank with bean cassoulet and bacon lardon was great.
4	This is a great Charlotte restaurant.  I have been a fan for a long time, but hadn't been there in about a year until yesterday when I stopped by for lunch.  Yep, still delicious!  They always have a bunch of yummy in season vegetables on the menu.  The menu does not provide any descriptions, so you can be adventurous.   Or, don't be afraid to ask your server to explain a bunch of things to you.  I sure did when I couldn't decide between 5 items!The dressing on my wedge salad was really salty, but I'm guessing that's not normal.  I was so hungry I didn't say a word and ate it anyways.  The mushroom pizza is amazing!
4	Great again - consistency is a huge factor for me and this place is rock solid.
5	I love this restaurant, both locations. Their PEI muscles and their charcuterie are my favorites. I like the fact that everything is fresh and prepared from quality ingredients. I also love the way the owners give back to the community. Def go here to eat! You'll love it.
2	This is our second trip to this location and it is subpar compared to the Uptown location. On this trip, most of our food was heavily covered in ground pepper. A place that has food like this should not use chefs who seem dependent on pepper. All of the flavors of the dishes (strip steak, peas, spinach, onion rings) were completely lost due to the amount if ground pepper. Another small thing, but they seem unable to produce a glass of Diet Coke that isn't flat or taste like an odd mix between regular and diet. The staff has been great - other than the guy who breezed by and asked how we were enjoying things but didn't care about our response as he kept going and responded as if we gave a glowing "yes" in reply. I will be sticking to the Uptown location and trying out the Ballantyne location. This is my last visit to this location.
5	Been twice for dinner and have had the Duck both times. They always have unique and awesome specials, and the staff is both friendly and awesome!  Been another time for brunch and it too did not fail to hit this spot. Sitting around the open kitchen is really cool and definitely shows that they have nothing to hide in how they prepare things. Can't go wrong with this place! Ps. Try the coconut cake!
4	And again - tremendous.
5	Fantastic!!!
4	It's easy to overlook Rooster's SouthPark location, in a bland retail center across from the mall. But overlook it you must, because just inside the unimpressive facade waits one of Charlotte's best dining experiences.From the delicious calamari to the signature roasted chicken and beef short rib, everything about our meal was outstanding. But the best part may have been the check -- with perfectly portioned entrees at reasonable prices, Rooster's may be one of the Queen City's best values in upscale dining. So don't let the sparse location deter you -- this is well worth the visit.
2	Pricey for what you get- $8 salads & sides- even appetizers like 2 oz. of salmon -$8 with nothing else on the plate- no capers, crackers- nothing. 1/4 chicken (small) is only $10- but served with nothing. Food is good- but you'll leave hungry unless you get a salad, appetizer, entree, side.
5	Charlotte Yelpers most be a harsh bunch as this is a very high four at minimum so surprised by the 3.5 average.  I have been coming to Charlotte over the last four weekends and been staying and eating around Southpark and this is the best place.The place is centered around the wood fire open kitchen and everything smells great.  The menu is a nice mix of meat, seafood and vegetables.  Some people might get annoyed at the a la carte nature of the sides but I liked that as I have been to many restaurants and really wanted some dish but did not get as did not like the sides that came with it.The service has at minimum been good and if anything the servers can be a bit exuberant about all the food though I think for good reason as had the duck, salmon, and special seafood dish and loved them all.  The onion rings were perfectly as skinny and nicely breaded and not too fatty.  The only thing that disappointed a little was the salads which could have used some time in a crisper, a paper towel or a salad spinner as a bit soggy so the dressing did not stick.  They also did not have a true steakhouse style wedge salad.Liked the beer selection also and the drinks in general were good though cocktails could have been a bit stronger.  In conclusion I have been here three times and likely to return a couple more times.
4	Delicious food and good service! I had the hanger steak and it was very good. They have a great selection of smoked meats, pizzas, pastas, etc... The only thing I found a little annoying was the a la carte sides. $10 for a side of asparagus is a bit excessive however, it is definitely worth checking out if you are in the Charlotte area!
5	I am shocked this restaurant is not rated one of the best in Charlotte.   I have spent 3 nights in town and ended up eating dinner here all 3 nights.  Amazing service and food.  The service and staff are unprecedented.  They are very informative and solicitous to your every request.  Obviously chicken is the specialty but do NOT miss the Charcuterie plates or the desserts.  Out of this world!!
5	I was very impressed with my meal at Roosters. The restaurant is spacious and is quite nice despite its somewhat kitschy looking exterior. The food is served a la carte and we were told by our server that everything from dressings to breadcrumbs is made from scratch in-house. They are a farm to fork concept, and look to support local whenever possible. The portions vary so if you're very hungry ask whether a side is necessary.  I had the scallops (4 at $18) and added on the au gratin potatoes ($7). It was definitely enough food and everything tasted awesome. The potatoes were easily some of the best I've had, they had just a hint of gorgonzola cheese. We split two desserts , the lemon cheesecake with a blackberry topping and the coconut cake. The cheesecake was out of this world, more tart than sweet and just perfectly creamy. It was not a dessert I would normally order on my own but it will be an absolute must when I return! The only slight downside is you will end up smelling like a campfire, but it is well worth it!
4	I was sent out to get a to-go order for my office. Everyone was a fan! Portions are light, but seemed to be enough to suffice. They were nice enough to write everyone's names on the lunches. THANK YOU ROOSTERS. I've also been there for dinner which was also nice.
4	Had lunch a few days ago at the South Park location. Loved the interior, wine for days with a comfortable feel. My salad was perfect, not too big, scallops were tasty. Our server seemed busy but was very friendly and stopped by often to check in. Desserts were also tasty.
4	Had dinner a few weeks ago at Rooster's.   Restaurant is very spacious.  We had a large party and we were seated immediately even without most of the party there.   Great service.   Order the the duck breast or duck confit, both are excellent.   Would definitely return to Rooster's next time I'm in Charlotte.
2	The food was good and the portions were so large I had leftovers to 2 days.  Our waitress, however, left much to be desired.  Upon the server finally coming over to greet our table, I ordered a pomegranate martini.  The waitress asked me if I had ever had that drink there.  I told her I didn't recall.  She said she'd never seen it made there but wouldn't go check to see if it could be made.  Finally, my boyfriend asked her outright to go check.  She, of course, responded with a lot of attitude, and ten no surprise, the drink couldn't be made.  That set the tone for a lot of attitude the rest of the night from her.  I would have given 1 star based on the service, but the bread and water ladies were no nice and helpful, I gave 2.  Bottom line, the food was alright, but don't ask for anything extra or risk the awful attitude we endured all night.
4	The restaurant is pretty big and is really nice inside though the exterior is pretty cookie cutter in a strip mall.  The food is served a la carte and we were told by our server that everything from dressings to breadcrumbs is made from scratch in-house. They are a farm to fork concept, with most of it being local. The portions vary so if you're very hungry ask whether a side is necessary.  I had pork spare ribs, slaw, frites the ribs had a great flavor I have no idea what kind of vinegar they were done in but it was very unique! I loved it but I must say the ribs themselves seemed very fatty and not an amazing quality but they were made to perfection!  The fries some yelpers bragged about were just ok nothing special but not bad.  My brother ordered the spice rubbed & smoked wings.  Talk about flavor wow they were smoked to perfection I ate two of them before my brother was ready to stab me with a fork!  The only problem is its 12 bucks for an order of either 10-12 not sure so very pricey!  So all in all a good visit is remember you are paying high dollar for your meal.For desert we ordered the coconut cake and the & caramel cake w/caramel sauce, praline gelato,  both were really good above average quality and taste. I would say all in all this place is worth your time to give a try I really liked everything about it even if it a little price especially since the ribs had a flavor unlike any i have ever had!
1	My experience with roosters has lead me to this conclusion: The management and the owners of this restaurant are greedy and arrogant. They treat their staff with little to no respect from what I saw. I witnessed a manager yell at a young waitress till she cried. The food is decent, but way overpriced.
1	***edit.... I did give it three stars. That was until an employee or chef from roosters in Charlotte made a yelp profile "steak r" to email me and call me an idiot for pointing out how shitty the salad was. What a douche. LOL. *******they contacted me a second time to call me names for editing my review to reflect their harassment***This place was just ok. I went there for a business lunch (I live in NYC)... got a cobb salad and the whole thing was deconstructed... like lettuce in one part, cheese, bacon, all like 3 inches away from each other on the plate. This place isn't new american.... they have no business turning a standard lunch salad into what they think is going to be avant-garde masterpiece. Our waitress was very nice, the service was fast and welcoming. But the food is average.***edit.... I did give it three stars. That was until an employee or chef from roosters in Charlotte made a yelp profile "steak r" to email me and call me an idiot for pointing out how shitty the salad was. What a douche. LOL. ****
4	I took my parents here last night for father's day. We stopped in at around 5:30, after I baked in the sun staying in line for Summer Pops at Symphony Park so that I could put our blanket down. It worked out perfectly (in my opinion), so for those who are planning to go to Summer Pops this month, consider putting down blanket and head to dinner. It's inhumane to make any one person to sit out there in the sun for 3 hours. I cannot imagine it to be any fun or at all enjoyable even with bottles of wine. Back to Rooster's... it was quite empty when we arrived. I opted to sit at the bar area (because they have bar bites after 4pm daily). The only disadvantage is that bar area seatings are all backless high stools, not the most comfortable but it's not bad. The bartender was also our server, which they may need to reconsider that. The bar is long, and the opening is toward the back away from all the tables. That means the poor lady has to walk AROUND the bar every time she's trying to reach any of her tables. Needless to say, the service eventually got to be a little slow, with other people stepping in to help out. I didn't mind, we weren't in a hurry, but I could see it being a problem for others.Food was solid. I have always enjoyed the food at Rooster's. We ended up ordering an array of dishes to share. We had 2 things off the bar bites chalkboard: chicken pot pie ($8) & the pork rillettes served on toasts ($6). The pot pie which was super cute in presentation and tasted great. It looked like a treasure box which was made of a nice flaky crust. The pork rillettes was ok... the apple butter was a little overpowering. From the dinner menu I ordered sea scallops ($18), gnocchi ($12) and mussels ($9). 4 sea scallops came in an order, and while it was seared cripsy on top, it was a little over seasoned. I enjoyed it still, especially the pea puree they were served on. Gnocchi was light and fluffy, and cooked in a duck sugo sauce. So if you are not into liver, you probably need to skip this. Mussels were good, about 18 in an order, and came with a big piece of toast to soak up the sauce. We ended the meal with the bourbon cream pudding ($8). We were a little disappointed they're out of the coconut cake... but the pudding was a good alternative. Overall it was a great meal. My parents enjoyed it, the open kitchen kept them entertained. It's a nice quiant setting, which I prefer over all the crazy large restaurants in the area. Now if management can figure out the bar area service assignment, I can then relax for the bartender.
2	It's OK. Food is always only room temperature...have yet to have a hot meal there.
3	I usually go there for lunch and I try to have something different each time. The basil pesto pasta was excellent, however, the chef is a stickler about keeping the menu items as is and not allowing for any changes. Even so, the ambiance is good and the food comes out fairly quickly.
4	This was a great dinner. The decor of the restaurant is really nice-open but with dark wood and cool design. Ordered the BBQ chicken, which was delicious. It was a decent portion with a delectable sauce. Delicious beets and corn as well. Steak is a small cut but very tasty. Go for the poultry, they are kind of known for it. Reminded me a bit of Tom Colicchio's Craft in NYC with the ala carte sharing menu and market menu. Not as pricey, but equal quality. A great place for a date or a group.
5	First time visit; will return!I had never been to Rooster's before but was thoroughly impressed. I took advantage of making a reservation online and called the same afternoon to confirm. When we arrived, the door was opened for us, and the hostess had casual conversation with us and made us priority even though it was fairly busy. As soon as we were seated, our waitress Leah greeted us and welcomed us to the establishment. She quickly took our drink order and returned to go over the menu with us. She gave excellent dish recommendations and told us how their food is gathered from local vendors and how it is prepared. The food was amazing. Large, flavorful portions consumed the plates; not once did I think I didn't get enough food. We didn't opt for dessert but they had many options along with coffee drinks too.The only complaint I have is that it was rather loud. For being an upscale restaurant, with prices being what they are, it was a bit annoying having to almost yell across a small table to communicate with the person I was with. With the experience I had at Rooster's, I will be returning in the future.
5	Service was great. Good was tasty!  Had a mixed charcuterie and cheese plate. I left it to the waiter to select the meats and cheeses - he did well. Hangar steak, fries, pan-fried corn and green beans made for an excellent meal.
5	I can't believe no one here has mentioned the shrimp and grits...they are the best I've had anywhere...and I'm a foodie! I'm afraid to try shrimp and grits anywhere else because I know I'll be disappointed, and so far I've been right. My son won't visit me from NJ without going for shrimp and grits. AWESOME! Also their vegetables are wonderful!
2	Just had the worst, greasiest, saltiest calamari ever. I typically like this place and eat here often. I've had their calamari before too. Never has the food been this awful. Must be new kitchen staff. Service from  the friendly bartender was great; which is why I offered the extra star.
5	If I have someone coming to Charlotte for the first time, I take them here. It's a boisterous place with a central open kitchen and some damn fine food. Actually, the fries here are the best friends I've had anywhere. In the world. THAT good.Making reservations ahead of time usually circumvents any wait time. If you want the Mother/Father's Day brunch - and you do - book it early. It's a wonderful brunch with so many good things on it. The menu at Roosters tends to be small. The lunch menu of sandwiches/burgers, salads, a couple soups (French onion is a standout), small pizzas and the like will please pretty much anybody. Dinner has a standard menu that has chicken, pastas and the like with 2 features every night. The fish selections are always wonderful. The other special can be a pasta, pork, beef - it's entirely seasonal and random. They will ALWAYS sell out. Roosters is not the place to go to at 10pm Saturday night and expect to find the trout with fiddleheads still available. The secondary menu feels like a letdown once the glamorous specials are out. So, what's the favorite thing here besides the fries? Pan roasted corn. Yes, really. It's a local thing and a roosters is known for their corn: peppery, buttery and good. The best thing here is something nobody else will want or notice, a totally overlooked menu item: on the children's menu is my son's most favorite dish ever: duck confit.You can't go wrong with anything you order here. Jim Noble is the man.
4	We order off the local menu everything is delicious. Short ribs are excellent CornGreen beansBummed they were out of the fried okra!This gal from LA would come again!
4	Ken is awesome. Sweet man and very polite server. If you happen to go here for a late lunch or just wasting some time, go here and ask for Ken. I came in on a lazy Sunday just planning to waste some time and enjoy a nice atmosphere. I sat at the bar by myself. First thing I didn't like was that they didn't have sangrias. The manager told me that they didn't even have merlot. After looking at the drink menu, they did have merlot by the glass. Officially don't like him. Ken came over and served me. I ordered a small Ceaser salad and some smoked wings. Salad was different but gourmet. The wings were great!  Come in after 4pm for $6 wings. The menu is fairly small but the food taste is Worth the lack of selection. I might not come back for a dinner date but if I want to waste some time at the bar, I'll ask for Ken.
5	One of our favorite lunch spots in the South Park area. Get there early because it gets full fast!  Tomato Bisque soup is the best!
5	Food was amazing and service was great. I had wood fire wings, Mac and cheese, salmon and pineapple crush cocktail. All of it was just great!! Atmosphere was wonderful as well. Just Fabulous. Highly Recommend !!
3	The food was pretty good. I had the spare rib which was really good but the eggplant was over seasoned. Salad was good and server was accommodating when we saw him. I was really disappointed in the service. Restaurant was not crowded but our server was MIA for a really long time. We finally asked one of the back staff to refill our drinks and ordered another beer from someone who walked by.I could probably overlook everything about this restaurant that night except the fact that the person who served the food STUCK HIS FINGER ON THE INSIDE OF THE BOWL RIGHT INTO MY FOOD!!
5	Probably one of the best diners I've ever had in Charlotte.  I ordered the beef short rib and fried corn;  both were off the charts.  Great setting and the host was wonderful!  The dinner party I was with all agreed this place is very special.  Thanks for a wonderful evening!
2	Well I will start with saying that the food was really good, however the service from beginning to end was BAD to say the least. Our server started off with making us wait over 10 minutes just to make his first appearance at our table to bring water. We ordered tea and it never came. I had to get up from the table to track down someone to get our server. Finally, he came with our tea. We ordered apps and our server said he would bring bread... guess what bread never came. We had to track down another server just to get the bread.We told the server we were ready to order and he said he would be right back to get our order but once again go track down our server. Finally the server came to our table and filled our water and stated to walk away without taking our order.Are you kidding me! I had to stop him and ask him if he was actually our server. I had to tell this man that we needed some attention.... as a paying customer all I want is great service and great food. Is that too much to ask. I must say that this is the 2nd visit and the service was terrible both times. I would like to say I would try it again but probably not. No food is worth the horrible service we received.
