5	Ignore what everyone says about Lang Vann, this is the best place in town to get Vietnamese food.  This place hasn't been overcome by the yuppies yet, so there is never a wait and there is plenty of parking, plus the service is better.  While Lang Vann is good, this place has better prices and larger portions, plus I think the food is better.  The traditional pho and bun dishes are all fantastic, but their large menu offers anything else you could want.  The cherry on the sundae at this place is that they sell bubble tea!!!  If you haven't ever had bubble tea, ease in with the Thai tea flavor, it is yummmmmmy.
4	The food here was very good. My family  from Cali ordered a variety of dishes from seafood noodle soup, canh chua (hot and sour fish soup), rice vermicelli noodles with grilled pork & egg rolls, spring rolls, veggie chow fun, etc. All of it was tasty and we did not regret coming here...as we felt with Pho Hoa (there we found out they don't make their soup with bones...not sure if they meant any bones at all or the bone marrow...so it's not authentic). My family who lives in Charlotte frequent it often. The service was fine, nothing bad, nothing outstanding.
1	The flamboyant owner/waiter is really rude. This restaurant is really small and can't fit parties of 10 or more.  The food is good, but since the service was so horrible, I'll never come back.
4	Solid.As previous yelper said, don't be fooled by exterior, the interior is clean and nicer than most vietnamese restaurants.Unlike a previous yelper, the owner/waiter is nice and does give good service.  In fact, he gave us a free sample of this amazing dessert there...it was like a hard doughnut with sesame seeds on the outside and delicious but not too sweet mungbean and coconut paste on the inside.  Eat it hot!I can never remember the names or numbers of food in vietnamese restaurants, but I had the noodles dish served cool with mint, carrots, sweet vinegar sauce, and meet and shrimp.  It was good and ample.  My boo had pho, but made with beef broth and had shrimp in it...It was fantastic...the flavors of this soup were complex, but all of the flavors melded well together.  Miss the jalepenos, but that's a nationa issue.Price: 4 starsService: 4 starsFood:  4 starsAtmosphere: 4 starsSOLID...this is the first vietnamese restaurant we've eaten at that we both said we'll come back to.
5	Ben Thanh has bubble tea! It's right by my house, too.I got excited about bubble tea a few years ago when I was in grad school in New York. I would make the trip from my apartment in Jersey City all the way to the Lower East Side just to get the best bubble tea. Ben Thanh's bubble tea almost lives up to my first bubble tea love. I recommend the honeydew.I also love their summer rolls, and the service is fast and friendly. It's pretty shady looking on the outside, but it's good food. I see a few Yelpers have had bad experiences with the service, but I always have had a nice time.
4	My husband and i got the tip on this restaurant from a bartender at another restaurant in town.  That restaurant was a swanky place where we had stopped for a drink, but the bartender was a student, into the arts/music scene, and free with her recommendations for the newbies in Charlotte (us).  We decided to try Ben Thanh on Valentine's Day not as a conscious effort to go out on a date but just becase we were hungry and curious about the place.  We couldn't have been more thrilled.  Entering the restaurant, you are greeted immediately by the very friendly staff.  We were seated in a comfortable booth, and immediately brought water to drink.  The wine list was brief, but had better selections than many of the other ethnic restaurants we have tried.  The Summer rolls tasted super fresh, with just the right hint of mint and a scrumptious peanut sauce that had tons of chopped peanuts on top.  I got one of the dishes on special, which was a Pineapple and Pecan dish.  It had tons of veggies, a light garlicky sauce, and wonderfully prepared chicken, all served in a cut out pineapple!  My husband got a beef dish.  I'm not a big fan of beef, but I tried it and it tasted pretty good.  His too had a great ratio of veggies to meat.  This is a casual restaurant that has a nicer ambience than many small restaurants, but it's not going to be the swankiest place you'll ever go.  It was really good food, presented very nicely, by a very friendly and attentive staff.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the floor could have used a good sweep.  It didn't seem like it had been neglected for days, but more like perhaps a kid had been seated at the table next to ours and had left a mess on the floor.  Perhaps that's too picky, but I did notice it.  I highly recommend Ben Thanh for great, fresh, healthy and flavorful Vietnamese food!
3	I'm torn about this place.  It came highly recommended from a local Vietnamese person and other Yelpers.  Sadly, I am spoiled from growing up in Orange County, CA, Little Saigon - where Vietnamese food is amazing.Ben Thanh is a bit more upscale in service than most casual Vietnamese restaurants.  Their prices are also higher than I'm accustomed to, but that may be because there aren't a lot of good Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte (at least none that I've found yet).We ordered the vermicelli, pork and egg rolls.  The flavors were right, but the portion was pretty small.  Not enough noodles or veggies.  I think it cost around $8+, which really should buy you the same dish plus shrimp elsewhere.It's fairly authentic, but don't take it as the standard for Vietnamese food.  There are a lot of restaurants in SoCal that will have you craving it every day.  This is not that level of a restaurant, but OK for Charlotte.  If it were in SoCal, I'd give it two stars.
5	One of my all-time favorites!!  Food is great quality at a reasonable price.  I usually go there every other month with the family, and the owners/waitresses remember us every single time, to the point where we are asked if we want our usual!  Curry Tom is my favorite dish, and the spring rolls are also amazing.Despite an earlier user's comment, I have organized several events of 10-15 people gathering there, and the owner has been great about helping facilitate, including taking our icecream cake and storing it in their freezer until we were ready, and then actually cutting it up and serving it for us on their dishes!  The food is usually on the table less than 10 minutes after ordering, so quick turn-around.This restaurant is a must-try for anyone who has not yet eaten here.  (btw - Lang Van's restaurant is owned by the same extended family, and you can notice by the menu's being identical in numbers and items.  We know both of them, but go to Ben Thanh more frequently just because the space at Lang Vann's is crowded and usually includes a wait.)
4	How can you not love this place? They have my all time Vietnamese favorite Banh Xeo. It is basically a crispy turmeric crepe with shrimp, pork and mung bean sprouts. It is accompanied by lettuce and LOADS of fresh herbs so you can roll it up. The crab asparagus soup is pretty darn good, but watch out, I have to let it sit for a few minutes because it comes out super hot. Their lemongrass beef curry is lovely as well. The waitstaff is always pleasant and I have never had a bad meal here
4	Granted, I've never actually eaten a meal in Vietnam. But I have eaten at a number of Charlotte's Vietnamese restaurants, and Ben Thanh comes out on top. I do find it a bit pricey, but comparable to other places serving similar food in town. Favorites are the beef pho (which is saying something as they are located next door to a great pho place!), the fresh spring rolls, and anything with their garlic tofu... sometimes the tofu is inconsistent, making it merely good instead of best-tofu-ever. I like to take people who have never tried tofu or who say they don't like tofu to try this stuff... they ALWAYS love it. I also love their french press iced coffee, but that's the kind of thing that starts running up your tab so look out! Great stuff, though.
5	Just as good, if not better than Lang Van, a dollar or two cheaper, with (gasp) less obsessive service. So my favorite dish at LV is the Banh Xeo. You know, turmeric pancake, shitakes and tofus and sprouts, mound of herbs, bowl of  fish-saucy dressing. The chef at BT makes it slightly differently; its thicker, more crepe-like, substantial, there's a hint of coconut (awesome), presentation is a little easier. Better, in other words. Wow.Dau hu is stellar too. There may not be any pho options for us veggies at either LV or Ben Thanh, but this'll do. Huge steaming bowl of tamarind broth, tofu, noodles, various delectable veggies, tomatoes, sprigs of cilantro. Very acidic (watch out weak tummys) but so flavorful. The specials (pineapple fried rice with whatever, spinach and garlic whatever, etc) change rarely and are exactly the same as they are at their sister restaurant. But the menu mainstays are executed slightly differently, and thus far, I've enjoyed every change. There are also vials of additional additives (fish sauce, vinegar) sitting on the table that are absent at LV. Interesting, and awesome.Plus, seriously, who can resist staring hypnotically into a beautifully kept salt water fish tank while awaiting their take-out order? Not I...
4	For the next stop on the New South BBQ Tour, we went next door (basically) to Ben Thanh.  And wouldn't you know it, I'd been there too!  I guess I'm going to have to stop eating out so much or I'm never going to see anything new.What I did find out is that the management of Ben Thanh is actually related to those at Lang Van, which may explain why they are so good at what they do.Whatever the case, here at Ben Thanh, we had a bowl of Vermicelli and Roast Pork, along with lemonade and a sort of sponge cake.  All in all, it was quite tasty, and unlike at El Pulgarcito, the staff came out and spoke to us.The decor at Ben Thanh isn't anything that you'd want to brag about - mostly it's an old building with wooden tables that have seen better days (it really looks like an old taco bell and windows that need cleaning), but the staff is genuine and the food is good.
3	I'm from Atlanta so I am used to frequenting the Vietnamese restaurants on Buford Highway north of the city. I had been trying to find good Pho in Charlotte and was told to try this place. The soup was pretty good not the best I'd had but definitely is worth trying.
2	Was in Charlotte before going to the mountains. So for lunch, my homegirl/cousin took me to this Viet place she goes to. Classic Vietnamese setting & decor, which is bland with no decor, but better than a hole-in-the-wall. We both got Pho Dac Biet. It was decent, I would say slightly less than solid. My gripe is that the noodles were still all packed together like straight from the wrapper. You had to take time and put in an effort to seperate the noodles to mix it in with the meats. I also wish they made a more hearty Pho. The lack of meat and the usual stuff made for an disppointing bowl. Afterwards, we got 2 Vietnamese iced coffee to go, it took longer than I would have liked.I would say medicore, alright for a lunch or weeknight dinner. But not a place you bring someone to impress.
5	Oh Joy! - Ben Thanh is a treasure!  Let me explain.  Years ago I started eating at Lang Van when it was just a  few weeks into a hasty neighborhood pharmacy renovation.  I got to know No Duong and her wonderful husband Robert and became a long and loyal fan.   For years it was the only Vietnamese restaurant in town for me.  Let me emphasize that it is still a very nice restaurant with good food and a great crowd (emphasize crowd lol!).  Then they sold out and moved to California and I was sad to find that Robert had had a serious stroke.   Now nearly twenty  years later and quite by accident I stumbled into Ben Thanh and there was Mai Duong,  sister of  No.  During this visit to Charlotte I have been here to Ben Thanh twice.  First I was amazed to see many of the old North Charlotte Art, Music, and Poetry crowd.  Mai is now all grown up with a great husband and wonderful children and owns the restaurant.  The food was excellent.  The first visit I had perfectly prepared shrimp and squid Pho. Actually to be proper this was the rice noodle variety called Hu Tieu Hai San. (#34 on menu)  It was fantastic!  On the next visit, this time with friends and old Lang Van pioneers, we had Curry Lemon Grass with shrimp and squid. (#78-81on the menu)   Very spicy and absolutely perfect.  Not over cooked so the squid was not the least bit rubbery.  I had my usual sparkling water and one of my friends had her traditional 33 Vietnamese  beer.  I hope I have time to go back for one of their Hot Pots. ( Tom, Buc, Bo and Lau, Thap Cam Chaua Cay to be proper.  # 82 and 83 on menu). This is a great dish in which you are served a great  bowl of noodles and broth along with a platter of assorted chicken, squid, beef, etc. that you add to the very hot  broth (it has it's own little heater).  This is accompanied by a large plate of greens, peppers, bean sprouts etc (as in Pho dishes).  It is a wonderful do- it yourself-at-your-own-table delight that is plenty for two people.  Check it out on their web site menu.  But the best tip I can give you is to ask Mai to just recommend something.  After a brief examination of your preferences regarding spice, noodles, rice, etc. She will make a perfect suggestion.  You can't go wrong.  All and all this place is just wonderful - the ghost of Lang Van past as it were and it will surly  be my new favorite when I come to Charlotte.
5	Anyone who gives Ben Tahns less that 5 stars is insane! I have never had a bad meal here and I dine here quite often. And yes, I am quite experienced in this arena of cuisine. The food is always fresh and full of flavor and the staff is warm, welcoming and always remembers loyalty. Any tofu dish I have tried has been absolutely divine and it would be unfair to pick a favorite. The vegetables used in their dishes are the pick of the crop and I highly recommend the iced coffee as a great end to the meal. Casual atmosphere, dress up or dress down. I will recommend to anyone!
5	Great food and big portions. One of the only places to find bubble tea in Charlotte! Reasonably priced, too.
5	The first time I visited Ben Thanh with my friend, she told Ben what # she would like and he replied, "no that's not for you, you get something different" and then proceeded to tell her what she should get instead.So, of course, being vegetarian I asked him what I should get.  "#59" was his reply.  I checked out the description and told him that it looked very boring and like something I could get anywhere.  He just shrugged and said, "you get #59".  I will never forget that experience.  I have been more than a dozen times and I almost always get #59.  Nothing beats the perfectly cooked tofu and sauce of this dish.  Every time.  I have had other dishes and tasted the dishes of many many friends, all are good and very very fresh (without the gross after-taste/feeling of chinese stir-frys), but #59 will always be mine.  Be sure to try the iced coffee as well!
4	Great place for the novice and also a solid choice for the veteran. For a Vietnamese food noob, the exterior and decor might appear a lil' shady. Inversely for the veteran, this is right up your alley.The pho is always consistent, and the rice dishes are equally good. With a fairly good selection of pho joints in the area, Ben Thanh is definitely one of the better ones. Stop by if you're in the area.
4	I have to admit this place is good and I really wanted to see how they stack up to Lang Vans from a spring roll and soup perspective. Mind you I have not tried the pho so please don't diss my review. I gave it four stars because the feel of the place cannot match the experience I get from a trip to Lang Vans. The tofu spring rolls I ordered are very tasty and fresh with lots of basil in the rolls. A plus in my book. The tofu in the rolls was crispy and flavorful. The peanut dipping sauce that accompanied the rolls was excellent too. Oddly enough it is number 62 on their menu too (number 62 on Lang Van's menu too). The soup I ordered was a crab asparagus soup and I was not overly impressed with my soup selection. The soup was not terrible but it was not a lick the bowl good either. Since I was on a detox diet at time I could not order an iced coffee like I usually do. I could not see how theirs stacks up to Lang Van's. However, I did order the jasmine tea and found it to be quite delicious. The service was prompt and I never managed to get to the bottom of my water glass. I thought just maybe they might serve those awesome peanut cookies at the end of the meal but no dice on my wishful thinking. Overall I would definitely come back and try another soup selection and update my review. One comment on the restrooms they were not the cleanest I have seen and a bit on the smokey side. Thumbs Down on that in my book.
4	My first Vietnamese meal was very good! To glance at the exterior (and the eclectic interior as well), you might discount the quality of the food, service and atmosphere, but the service was attentive, the food was wonderful and the overall experience was great!I sampled the wonton soup, #43 - a wonderfully seasoned grilled chicken on a bed of vermicelli lettuce, cucumber, bean sprouts and mint and also #79 - a flavorful lemon grass curry chicken that was quite good as well.  My date had frequented this restaurant often, but even a Vietnamese cuisine novice could read the menu and make a great selection from the very helpful descriptions under each item!Our glasses were always full, our waitress was friendly and our food was great!  Look past the neighborhood (go with a friend - it's just more fun anyway!) and give this place a try!
5	Ben Thanh is a TERRIFIC Vietnamese restaurant-one of my two favs in Charlotte.  Their extensive menu covers all the areas of Vietnamese cuisine from noodle soups to lemongrass curries.  Don't let the decor fool you; instead be blessed they spend much more time on the food!  Good areas for small groups and roomy booths for 2-4.  Never had to wait as this gem is (unfortunately) often overlooked in the sea of ethnic restaurants on Central Avenue.
5	Second trip (a week after my first visit with some friends who hadn't been to Ben Thanh before) and it was just as good if not better this time!  I had #39 this time with chicken (it's curry sauce in coconut cream with chicken, onions, potatoes and sweet potatoes...yum!) My friends had #47 (Stir fried vermicelli with shrimp, beef, pork, chicken and veggies) and #48 (Stir fried vermicelli with chicken curry and veggies) and a ginger stir fry...and what I sampled of theirs was yummy as well.  Two friends ordered the fresh spring rolls, which I didn't sample but they ordered them again at the end of the meal because they liked them so much!Service was great - very friendly and attentive and once again - a great meal!  Would definitely recommend this to a friend trying Vietnamese for the first time!Don't judge this restaurant by it's cover - it's a great place inside...if you don't know what you might like...just ask the waitstaff - they'll be happy to help and you might just find something new you like!
5	You can't get any better than this. Pho is amazing. Not made with any preservatives that other places. Huge amount of vegetables to go with. I haven't had their other dishes but if it's anything like the Pho you better believe it is good. Cheap and delicious. Do yourself a favor.
4	Ben Thanh is Lang Van's ugly sister. Gritty on the outside, fast food-esque structure on the inside with interesting decor--I actually liked it better than Lang Van. I was a little concerned when I walked inside but I was taught not to judge a book by it's cover so I was willing to give it a go. They had eclectic music.....I'm talking "Girl From Ipanema" and "I Will Always Love You" but performed with a keyboard and wind chimes, the randomness of it all made me smile. Food was tasty, prices were cheaper than LV and jicama rolls were fresh. I forgot what combination I got but it involved bbq meatball which is served on a skewer and not in meatball form....funky. This was my third venture with Vietnamese food and while it may not be my first, second or third choice in ethnic cuisine to turn to in the future, I enjoyed Ben Thanh. Give the ugly a shot! PS-Speaking of random, they are closed on Wednesdays!
5	I've been to Ben Thanh a handful of times in the past couple of years. Although it is not in the best area, as far as being out on central ave, you can't really find good authentic vietnamese until you get out to areas like this. The restaurant itself is nice and pretty clean. The food is what is best. Their vietnamese spring rolls are pretty standard, still good.The papaya salad was another great appetizer. Their Pho is VERY delicious. it's not the typical Pho that will put you to sleep after you eat a huge bowl full, and they also load it up with meat. What also is really good is their vietnamese crepe (banx xeo) tastes just like how my ex gf's mom made them. Very crispy and delicious with fish sauce. All in all, highly recommended. If you like vietnamese food, I would definitely say try this place out.
5	Let's start this review off with a statement. Best Vietnamese food I have found in Charlotte. Personally I find the usual pho and broken rice dishes ubiquitous at every Vietnamese restaurant a bit boring. People end up thinking Vietnam is all about Pho and rice dishes when in reality those are usually just eaten for breakfast.They have an excellent selection of other dishes available though! Along with a nice variety of vegetarian options which was most appreciated by my friend. I like the egg noodle choices, vermicelli options and spring rolls that you make yourself. The dishes are yummy and filling, and they give you very generous portions! Looking for some quality food? Stop by this place and don't let the sketchy exterior turn you away, they're really quite nice!
5	I can't complain about this place at all! I saw it had great reviews; since I'm not from Charlotte, I decided to give it a try and I am glad I did! The Pho here is just as good as the place I had been to at home in Metro Detroit.  The price is just right; they give you a decent amount of meat and noodles. I also tried their rolls and it was good as well! If you haven't tried this place yet, you definitely should! People were coming in and out of the place when I was there and it was a week night!
5	Six yelp stars Fantastic! !  !  *** ***Like a significant first date I was here for the first time in September 2010.  A friend took me here and he ordered what he usually got  #40. Bun tom, Thit Nuong, Cha Gio (until this meal).  I ordered the Lemongrass Curry with Beef (having no idea if I would like it).  My friends dish came out first and I took one bite and said "wow I wish I would have ordered what you got"!  He said something like "I told you how good this place is".  Then my dish came out and I think the next several times we both ordered the Lemongrass Curry with Beep though it is very tasty with Chicken too. More than half of the time I get the Lemongrass Curry and my second Favorite is # 41. Bun Tom Nem Nuong Cha Gio: Grilled Pork, BBQ Shrimp, Pork Meatball, Imperial Roll, Carrots, Minced Peanuts and Cilantro on top of Vermicelli Noodles, Mint, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts with a Fantastic Fish Sauce.About half on the time I also get the Wonton Soup!  The Canh Chua Ga (Sweet and Sour Soup with Chicken is also good though it is entree sized.  The Vietnamese style of serving Coffee with Sweetened Condensed Milk is my Favorite and Dessert I like here.The Service is Perfect!  The Decor is umm, some may call it a hole-in-the wall and OK maybe it is... Who Cares - The Food is Spectacular!The neighborhood used to make me want to write a fast song and wait to sing it in my car!Lemongrass Curry is a "Gateway" Curry so watch it!  EAT it and see for yourself!
5	Best Vietnamese food in Charlotte.  Consistently fresh and tasty!
4	The bathrooms are horrifying, not too fresh looking, and smell like smoke. The parking lot is crumbling in some spots and isn't in the freshest most deaf part of town. (Hmm. Do I spell deaf in this instance "d-e-f"? I'm not so fly after all.)The ambiance inside...Hawaiian print plasticky table cloths and strange decor.  However, these things are all forgotten when the food comes out in a jiffy, and it's hot and delicious.  The lemongrass curry here is super flavorful and a niiiice big portion. The bun dishes I've had here (especially the house bun) is possibly my favorite one in Charlotte.  Lots of toppings, really crisp spring roll, lotsa sauce.  Don't you be skimping out on my sauce. Like Pourina R. if I'm in the area, I'd stop in.  If not...maybe I'd head over to Vietnam Grille instead.
4	So, long have I been trying to find my replacement restaurant ever since Saigon Bistro went down the tube... And I found it. This place's broth is excellent. The only suggestion for me is please give me more noodles! Compared this to Lang Van, this place is ten times better though. Lang Van is just overpriced, with no noodles and semi okay broth.The only reason why they had such great business is because they were featured on Charlotte's Best. Well, Ben Thanh is where it's at if you had to choose between the two.Pho Dac Biet is what I always get.
5	Love everything about this place.  I love asian food and this is one of my go to places when I get the kick.  The Lemon Grass chicken is my addiction.
5	I was first introduced to Pho last year living in San Jose. CA and my coworkers and I would go at least once a week. When I moved to Charlotte, I was so scared I was not going to be able to find a good Pho place - much to my surprise - this place is even BETTER than my favorite Pho place in SJ. Like others have said - do NOT be fooled by the outside, inside is clean and food is DIVINE. I like to order the fresh spring rolls and I stick to the pho gha (pho with chicken breast) - YUM YUM YUM. Nothing cures a rainy day, a bad hangover, or a cold like a great bowl of pho. Thumbs UP!
4	Based just on today's lunch : Four stars We had an order summer roll, the #40 (sausage, shrimp etc with rice noodles ) and Lemongrass squid. The sauce for the summer roll was primo, the #40 was very flavorful  but the lemongrass squid floored me. It brought back memories of the Vietnamese restaurants I used to frequent in Paris (only this portion was triple the size) and of Miss Saigon (in Coral Gables Fl) when it first opened up and had a line of patrons lined out in the street waiting to dine there. At less than half the price too. Not a convenient location for me but I will return and sample some more.Of course I reserve the right to change the rating accordingly. One thing that Miami lacks compared to Charlotte is a sizable Vietnamese community. I have to admit that both Vietnamese and Koran choices are sorely lacking in So Fl
5	i usually go to vietnam grill on south blvd when i am in the mood for vietnamese. i thought it was the best in charlotte. then i saw the reviews on this place and thought i would give it a try. that was a very good decision. if you are like me, and don't give a hoot about ambiance if the food is good, then you will love this place too. on the outside, this place looks like a hole. i thought we might be at the wrong place, but the address was right so we ventured further. the interior wasn't bad (relatively clean; i didn't use the bathroom so i can't speak for that) and the service was friendly but not overbearing. i got the make-your-own spring rolls and they were heaven on a plate.  perfect portions of all the right items. my sister got something but i can't remember now because i was too involved with my eating (but she did say that her food was awesome). good prices, too. i hate that this place is so far from where i live but i will be back again, no doubt.
5	All hail mieng ga and it's magical hangover cure! Huzzah Huzzah!!!! Even if you're not hungover it's still great and still worth your time so check it out. I'm legitimately excited to go try the other stuff their after how good that soup was.
5	Me loves!The stir fried wide noodles are perfection!  The make your own spring rolls are my favorite... a big plate overflowing with fresh mint, basil, cilantro, noodles, bean sprouts, cucumber, and tofu.  Soak your rice wrap in the hot water, fill with goodness, squirt with siriachi, and dip in sauce.  Delight taste buds.  Repeat. Again and again.The atmosphere is nothing to write home about but with authentic food like this, who cares?--Restroom is yucky, bring sanitizer----My kids love this dining experience--
5	Very very good. Looks pretty bad from the outside and isn't exactly in the safest part of town, but very authentic. Everything we tried was amazing. Full of flavor. Lemongrass curry was great.I can not recommend this place enough.  You will be hard pressed to find a better vietnamese restaurant anywhere.  The freshness is amazing.
5	I had my fair share of pho in Charlotte, and Ben Thanh's was the best and the most consistent.  Vietnam Grille, on South Boulevard, comes a close second, but they've had their share of off days -- as far as I can remember I have never had a bad experience at Ben Thanh.  In fact, if I had to be limited to, say, only five or so restaurants I could visit upon re-visiting Charlotte, I would definitely include Ben Thanh.  I went to college in Pittsburgh, and although there was a truck that served pho right outside my university, it was mediocre, had odd-quality meat, and was missing something; the couple other Vietnamese places I sampled in Pittsburgh were equally lacking.  I would find myself looking forward to school breaks just so I could get a bite of pho here before returning to Pittsburgh.Their pho is subtle and flavorful without being overly bland.  One of the beauties of pho, though, is the plethora of ways you can modify it after it arrives at the table.  before the soup arrives, you will get a plate filled with bean sprouts, basil, and hot peppers, among many other vegetables and herbs.  The hoisin sauce and sriracha sauce are other good additions to the soup if you are looking for more of a kick.I cannot speak for anything but the pho -- after all, that's why I come here in the first place!  My dad is not a pho fan, and he prefers Vietnam Grille for Vietnamese food -- whereas Ben Thanh focuses on the soup, Vietnam Grille has a much more balanced selection of Vietnamese dishes.
4	First opportunity to dine at Ben Tranh at the recommendation of a good friend!!! OH my.  I can totally discount the location.  Some of the best places for good food require a little awareness to get to the door.  Parking is good.  So...me and the family was able to get a great table for 5....not busy in the restaurant at all.  Service was.....OK.  The delivery of our spring roll appetizers was very fast.  And...they were very tasty.  We placed 3 separate orders (even) two orders after getting the main course.  The second order was for both fried and fresh spring rolls.  All good.  The entrees were all visually appealling and tasty.  Fried rice with shrimp...with chicken, with pineapple.   Next stop....Vietnamese in the South side!!!!  Yum!!!
3	Thank goodness for Yelp.  I read the location was not idea but once you're past that, the restaurant is inviting.  This was true to the tenth power!  In any case, once we got in, it was not crowded on this weeknight.  Service was immediate.  The menu is varied with explanations to guide you.  The steam rolls were scrumptious.  For some reason, we all had rice dishes.  I kept it simple and ordered the pineapple fried rice.  It was good but did not have a whole lot of flavor.  The presentation was fabulous!  Service follow-up was not up to par as I had to go get the waitress on a couple occasions.  However, given the large variety of items on the menu, I will visit Ben Thanh again to try something truly authentic.
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte. This place is such a gem! As they offer a good selection, you take just about anyone here for lunch. We recently took my boyfriend's mother and she was so in love. The waiter got the hint that she was Laotian and tried translating some of the dishes to their Lao counterparts for her to know what they are.Best things to get are the Bun Bo Hue (spicy noodle soup) or the Hu Tieu Mi (egg noodles in pork broth). You can never go wrong with Pho Dac Biet (combination rice noodle soup) either.
2	Had the lemongrass chicken and can't say I'd recommend it. Good luck!
4	Undoubtedly a staple in Charlotte's Pho/Vietnamese scene with plenty of accolades plastered on the walls for all to bear witness. My first trip of many was this week and I gave 'er the ol' "Pho litmus test." Happy to say that the broth and everything involved in this, what I've learned is mostly a Southern Vietnam style, Pho passes every test my palate can house. Housing a twinge of sweetness, rounded/buttery finish, but with a bit of a different spice mixture than some. I really like the broth here as it tends to be a bit more simplistic and stands up to the Thai Basil and cilantro. The addition of iceberg lettuce and lemon, as opposed to lime, were nice touches, too. I look forward to having it again soon. My wife had a incredibly different tofu dish. Don't recall the name, but check out the photo I posted. It was super crispy tofu over a bed of veg with amazing pan-fried little, crispy....something. Must have been a veggie of some sort, but it was delectable. Ben Thanh makes the shortlist. Oh, yes, they do.
4	This was the second Vietnamese spot we went to in three days in Charlotte.  This place is official.  After coming away disappointed from Lang Van on friday night, we researched extensively before trying again.  As the place came into view from the street, Thao immediately declared that this was going to be quality.  She claims to be able to tell from the outside if a place is going to meet her muster. The mix of high end imports in the parking lot tipped her again that we should have no hesitations about jumping right in.  (I don't claim to comprehend this line of logic, but then again, i'm just a Caucasoid interloper, I digress.)  Other, slightly less opaque indicators of authenticity that I do know were present...Price:  Vietnamese food is supposed to be cheap!  Its just not expensive food, and low price does not indicate a lack of quality, in fact, there is often an inverse relationship between price and quality.  The prices here are suitably low.  Percentage of White vs. Asian patronage breakdown:  Lots of Vietnamese people there is a sure sign of good food.The place hit all those leading indicators, so the only thing left to be determined was the food itself.  I was enthused to see Bun Bo Hue on the menu, so I got it and it definitely lived up to my expectations of what a good Bun Bo Hue soup should taste like.  There was a big pork bone of indeterminate origin sitting in the middle, as there should be, and the broth was sufficiently fatty/oily in that certain way that Bun Bo Hue broth is one level unhealthier than Pho.  I look forward to returning here and making my way through the menu.  It looks like they have a lot to offer.
4	Nice little place. Service is very friendly.The food is excellent. High quality, well presented, and authentic.I would definitely return.
4	On the trail for vintage furniture, drove up to charlotte to check out a mid century modern joint with a credenza I wanted.  On the way, the kids wanted some vietnamese food so we hit yelp and found Ben Thanh.Ambiance:  On the outside the place is a dump, looks like an old converted country kitchen.  Doesn't both me though.  Inside, long shotgun style restaurant with booths in the middle, tables on the sides.  As most of us realize though, good food isn't always found in surgical center sanitary conditions.Service:  Great service.  The guy at the front was thanking us for coming in and trying his restaurant before we even sat down.  Waitress was a bit indifferent but moved things along and answered questions.  Guy at the front was concerned when we left asking us how good it was.  Food:Man this was some good vietnamese.  Started off with some spring roles and summer roles because the kids were hungry and they love vietnamese spring and summer roles.  They were good (as most vietnamese restaurants don't screw these up) but more importantly they had decent fish sauce and peanut sauce.  I have been to some places that didn't have good sauce and man it screws up that dish.I really wanted to try the crispy quail appetizer but got talked out of it.  Everyone on here loves it, so I was highly interested.  Maybe next time I make it to Charlotte I will go by and try it.Lemon Grass beef:  Little heavy on the lemongrass but still good.  A bit spicy, which is good for me, just not for the kids.  Stir fried squid with cucumbers and tomatoes:  Oh man I just loved this dish.  Squid was perfectly cooked and the tomatoes and cucumbers were perfect.  If I lived in charlotte, I would definitely have this as a staple dish.Summary:  I would definitely go back.  Lots of different things on the menu that you can't get down here in Atlanta, so that makes it even more intriguing.Side note:  What was really cool about this place is it seems to be in a very mixed ethnic area.  Just about every culture you can imagine was both welcome and eating at this little vietnamese joint.  You don't always see that when it comes to vietnamese food, so it was nice to see.
3	Three and 1/2 stars. We've eaten here a few times since the original review. This last time I found myself disappointed by the Lemongrass squid, which looked and tasted nothing like the one I had originally. The rest of the food was great, including the spring rolls but for some reason the peanut sauce that came with it fell flat - weird considering even lesser restaurants serve great tasting peanut sauce. Still a great restaurant but all things considered we'll be patronizing Doan's instead, at least for now.
4	So how does a Latina know the best Vietnamese food?  Well, growing up in LA, specifically an area called Monterey Park - just outside of East LA - my neighborhood is part of the San Gabriel Valley's amazing Asian cuisine landscape.... Moving to Charlotte with my husband, meant that we left behind some of the most awesome Asian cuisine.... just look up a place called "Golden Deli" in San Gabriel, CA and you'll know what I mean....So we have been exploring Charlotte's food scene and looking for some of our favorite cuisines... We love Pho, the traditional Vietnamese rice-noodle soup, and Ben Thanh does not disappoint on this soup: the broth is fragrant and flavorful.... I also love their egg noodle soup with wontons... The only thing I would love to see is that they improve on their Imperial Rolls... Although their spring rolls are very fresh and my husband loves them.... We have gone back for their Pho and are glad we found this place!  They are also great with kids - our two-year old loves the broth and we ask for the rice noodles on the side so he can enjoy too!  They're always nice and have great service....
5	My mom introduced me to this place years ago and it is BY FAR our favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte. They have a ton of options for vegetarians, which we love. Their tofu dishes are wonderful, as are their spring rolls (they're the steamed ones, not fried). The spring rolls have a perfect crunchy-chewy texture & perfect flavor, and come with a peanut dipping sauce that is absolutely delectable. I usually get the Dau Hu Xao Cai (Tofu with garlic sauce). The tofu is always perfectly crispy, and the sauce thus far is unmatched by sauces in any other tofu dishes. Together with the noodles, broccoli and other veggies, it's a perfect combination of flavors and textures. I've been tempted to branch out of the foods I know, but they're so good that I can't force myself. I can't wait for the next time I get to go!
4	My 4 stars is only because at this point I've only tried a couple things since it was my first visit. I think they will hit 5 though.I've definitely found a new favorite for Vietnamese food. Their pho is exceptionally good. Rich and flavorful and not the watered down version made for the American palate. The banh xeo was also exceptionally good, very crispy around the edges. The greens and sprouts were very fresh and crisp, though they kind of skimped on the lettuce leaves so we had to get more (but they brought it right away when asked). Like all my favorite places it's funky and divey with REALLY good food. I can't wait to work my way through their menu. This place is quite a bit further from home than my 'usual' pho fix, but definitely worth it - when when you don't consider the fact that their prices make it a bargain.
5	Excellent restaurant. I ordered an avocado shake with tofu pancakes served with a plate of lettuce, cilantro, and mint leaves. It was amazing. The ingredients were fresh and the service prompt and friendly. Glad I came - highly recommended.
4	This is a bit of a hike for me, but I can definitely see myself coming back. Ben Thanh serves authentic Vietnamese at a reasonable price. I had the wonton soup with shrimp, pork, and egg noodles and it was ON POINT. Like some other Yelpers have pointed out, they do their soup well. I'd like to try the garlic tofu next, but a big bowl of pho is also in the pipelines to be tried.Service was no-nonsense, which was fine by me. Atmosphere was ok - definitely not somewhere you'd take a first date, but if you want some good food without any fluff, this is the place.
3	This is definitely one of my favorite spots in the QC for Pho, the food is always fresh, full of flavor and authentic. I have eaten here on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed with my food, however, the last time I went, which was about two weeks ago, the place SMELLED horrible it hit you as soon as you walked in the door, I was taken back, the cashier/waitstaff even noticed it, as I witnessed her using air freshener in the entrance. While, I love the food, I certainly wish it was cleaner. Try the  Pho and the Green Tea Bubble Tea, however on occasion be prepared for some funk.
2	I remember this place used to be very good, but this time all I tasted is "MSG! MSG!" I got the Bo bio (jasmine roll) and it's nasty. It didn't not had dried shrimp at all, and the radish in it tasted funky. The best part is the 4 pieces chinese sausage. I ordered the shrimp and wonton soup with egg noodle. The soup is so sweet, it tastes nothing but MSG, and the wonton looks like from the package in the frozen section. I'm not happy with the food at all, and the lady at front is not that friendly either. After she took my money, she just pointed behind me and goes here's ur order on the table.
5	My favorite is their Stir-Fry rice noodles with chicken & vegetables, their Vegetarian Pho and the make-yourself-spring rolls. Absolutely delicious! Great service as well and their prices are pretty decent.  I've tried many Vietnamese places in Charlotte and this is by far one of my favorites.
4	Best meatball and brisket pho I've ever had by far.  The broth was so rich and tasty, this says a lot, I'm from San Diego (currently in LA) and my father owned and cooked in many pho restaurants.  On the other hand the rice plate with grilled beef was not so great, they used the same meat you would get in the pho.  Stuck them on a skewer, grilled, and added some sweet sauce.  Very small portion at that.  Stick to the pho here!My sister ordered the chay (vegetarian) banh xeo, and it was excellent! .$12 for two huge servings, very good.  Free parking, they take credit, debit, cash.  Service was nice and prompt.
5	I'm Vietnamese so I'm picky when it comes to my food but this restaurant really bring out the traditional of Vietnamese foods.  Not only regular Vietnamese food dishes are good but vegetarian dishes are also great here.  Lots of different choices, best one is mi kho, all the rice dishes....
1	Found three hairs in two different dishes! Bun was waaaay too sweet too! Will never go back.
2	The menu displayed on urban spoon must be very old. The prizes are higher, than we researched before. Staff is friendly. The soups must be based on an instant brew. I ordered a wantang soup and it was terrible. I could taste the chemical taste of the instant brew. It was very bland.  Knowing how good a lotus stem salad usually tastes, I ordered one. Again, I felt like I wasted 10$. The sauce was terribly bland, too sweet and too sour at the same time. Also, they used way too much celery. I was very disappointed and felt like I wasted my time and money. I felt this place was WAAAY to over-prized for what they offer. And I didn't feel that it tasted authentic or refreshing like Vietnamese food usually tastes.  The menu was just the same as in Lang Van. I did see Asian people in the restaurant. So, it must be somewhat decent. The food doesn't have a "restaurant feel", but more an "American-Asian fast food feel".They should restructure the portions and prizing.   I will never return.
4	My office is close by so I stop in for lunch sometimes. Everything is good, everything. I tend to lean towards the dishes with tofu, but I've had most items on the menu. The prices aren't bad. Though, for lunch it can be a little expensive depending on what you order. They have bubble tea and Vietnamese coffee and tea, if you feel so inclined. You'll be terribly disappointed if go on a Wednesday, they're closed. If you're new to viet food the staff are more than willing to help you decide.
3	A lot of people seem to really like this place, but I'm not one of them. I might go back to try a few things. I wasn't pleased with the off taste my pho had. It was almost sweet when I got it. Some chili oil helped a bit. The place was also a bit run down.
