5	I first selected this spa because it advertised that they had a coed turkish hammam, allowing couples to meet together from both sides of the spa. The spa costs $35 for entrance and use of the facilities.The theme of this spa is desert minimalism. The entire place is tiled with the colors of browns, grays and cream. The robes are comfortable and the sandals are jelly with massage points on them. The women's side includes a break room where you can lounge on a comfortable leather recliner and can choose to read magazines provided or watch tv on a large flat screen with curtains to enclose you in privacy. The women's facilities also included the pool room with a sauna and steam room. This pool room was covered with gray slate and included a large warm pool and a small cold plunge pool. The room has several sleek modern white chairs that you can sit and meditate in. The whole room has large windows with light from outside coming in. Looking out the windows the spa is enclosed by a fence along with beautiful desert greenery. There is even a spot where you can go outside and lay in a lounge chair. I found myself meditating on one of the sleek white lounge chairs with my eyes closed as the sunlight was reflected off the pools sparkling across the room.The steam room at Drift Spa was turned up too high so that the instant I went in it felt as though I was being cooked alive. I instantly went out and dunked myself in the cold pool. Later I realized this was perfect hydrotherapy so I continued boiling myself alive and quickly dousing myself in the cold pool.Later I met Matt in the turkish hammam room. It was covered all over in different colored brown tiles with a huge marble slab stone in the middle and marble benches on the wall to lie on. The lights in the ceiling were made to mimic light pouring in from holes in the ceiling like the turkish hammam in Istanbul I visited 6 years ago. It was mildly steamy and very comfortable to relax in. The only thing I didn't like about this room is they were playing hip hop music instead of calming spa music that was playing in the rest of the spa.The showers were lovely with large overhead nozzles that felt like I was standing under a large warm rain shower. They provide you with nice shampoo and conditioner, lotion, hair products, blow dryers and a large vanity sinks in order to apply makeup and dress.I loved this spa because of it's natural minimalist feel. It was so calming and the mix of the greenery outside with the natural light coming through made it a perfect place to calm down and relax.
5	Finally a spa with a coed area! My bf and I checked out this spa with another couple and we all found it the perfect way to pass an afternoon. Both couples got individual couples massages ($260 per couple) and were quite happy! There were a lot of nice surprises (warm neck towel, lavender eye mask, etc) that made it extra special. Although I do enjoy the single sex areas of the spas where you can wear whatever you want, it's so nice to have a coed meeting area in the center. It's always akward when I go to a spa with my bf.. trying to figure out when to meet up, trying to akwardly meet him by the cashier station wearing a robe so we can chat about how much longer we want to stay, etc.. it was awesome for both couples to meet up in the hammam and relax and chill. I like how the hammam was steamy, but not so much that you were miserable and choking on steam. Luckily they've changed the music since Rian visted.. it was nice chill spa music in there. Overall this place is a great spa! I actually prefer this place to the much loved on yelp Bathhouse at mandalay bay. I especially recommend this place for couples or co-ed groups.. so much easier and more fun to have a meeting place where everyone can hang out.
4	My wife and I went here for a couples massage not to long ago.  The 20% locals discount certainly helped in convincing me to come here..  While the relaxation rooms and pools are all nice...none of it compares to Qua.  But the staff, masseuses and general set up were all first rate.  I also liked the fact that I was basically the only person on the men's side since we were here on a weekday.  I imagine this place would be a nightmare on the weekends cuz it is kinda small.  The hammam was the best feature of the whole place.
4	I thought that a couples' massage would be the perfect way for my BF and I to end our week in Vegas around New Year's Eve. The BF (Mr. T) was a massage virgin, and therefore a little nervous about the idea, but he said he was game. After reading various spa reviews on Yelp, we settled on Drift as our destination. The process I went through to book the appointment was so frustrating, I almost decided to book elsewhere. The first time I called, I got a voicemail system. About 30 minutes after leaving my name and number, I got a call back from a Drift employee. Not so bad, right? Wrong! After giving my information (including part of my credit card number) to book the appointment, the employee asked me to please hold for a moment. Seven minutes later, I figured I'd been forgotten about and hung up. When I called back using the Caller ID number on my cell phone, I was connected to the wrong spa (there are two separate spas at the Palms). After being transferred to Drift, I began explaining to the girl who answered the phone that I had just been on the line and had to disconnect after waiting so long for the guy to come back. Without apology, she handed the phone over to the guy (who did offer an apology), and finally completed my appointment booking. Thank goodness my experience went uphill from there! On the "big day", we arrived to the spa 30 minutes early (as recommended), and checked in promptly. Mr. T and I were then directed to separate locker rooms, greeted by attendants, and given facility tours. Since we had about 20 minutes until our scheduled massage time, we changed into swimsuits and met in the coed hammam. The aromatic steam was exactly what I needed after a week of marinating in casino smoke! I felt my muscles begin to relax, and my allergies subsided as well.About 5 minutes before massage time, Mr. T and I quickly slipped into our robes. Our masseuses were ready to take us to the couples' room right on time. I was pleased that the spa had been able to accommodate our request for two female masseuses (which I thought might help put Mr. T at ease). Both ladies were friendly and professional. I had the Drift massage ($130) and Mr. T had the Muscle Melter ($145). 50 minutes later, we were fully relaxed & wanted a little more hammam time before taking off. Since we had a flight to catch, we didn't get to enjoy all of the other spa amenities (sauna, whirlpool, cold plunge). We were both pleased with the variety of toiletries in the locker rooms, as it really helped us to pull ourselves together before leaving instead of having to worry about it back at our timeshare. If it hadn't been for the initial difficulty in booking our appointment, this experience would have definitely earned 5 stars!
5	Spent a relaxing and rejuvenating Friday afternoon there during my 40th birthday weekend in Vegas.  This spa is worth the trip - the design and feel is awesome - modern, sleek and warm.  I really did have one of the best massages I have ever received and I am a CMT how has had A LOT of massage over the years.  I also used their fitness center which has a cool view of the city and the latest equipment.Loved this place!
3	Lucky me! I was given a massage at the Drift Spa just because! It was only my second time ever at a spa and it was a nice experience. My massage was great, Erin was my masseuse and she was great at working some of those dastardly knots out of my back but at the same time making me feel all jello-y and relaxed. The 50 minute massage went by way too fast but I loved that I could still use the facilities like the sauna, jacuzzi and steam room. I was gonna go into the Hammam but when I started to walk in I heard some old guy singing at the top of his lungs so I turned around and left. That was just a little too uncomfortable for me. If I was with my husband or a girl friend I may have just kept on walking in cause it looked really neat in there. It will have to wait till next time I guess. After I walked out of the Hammam I was going to go back into the women's jacuzzi but there were two old ladies in there and they were naked...uh - not fun and kinda gross...so I ended up just taking a shower and getting ready to go. The singing man and the naked old ladies give this place the A-OK three star rating.
4	A visti to Drift is an incredibly serene experience. Go for a treatment (the massages are wonderful) and leave enough time to enjoy sitting in the hamman or taking a dip in the jacuzzi. Expect great service and an opportunity to be refreshed.
4	I stayed at Palms Place one week and really became a fan of the Drift Spa.  Great service!  Great service providers and an overall very nice spa.  They will even work to get you in without reservations.
5	Drift spa was a big win.For some excellent friend bonding time, you can come here for $35 for as long as you want and lounge in the large jacuzzi, dry-sauna, steamroom, sitting room, or gym. For some excellent couple time, you can come here for $35 for all the above without the partner, AND spend time in the hammam with yer partner. The cursory investigation on spas in the area showed that most weren't coed. Drift was the only place that offered any coed space, even if it was only in the hammam. Back in the sauna and hot tub areas, people could choose to wear a swimsuit or go naked, but the hammam required a swimsuit or a towel wrap. The showers had just about everything one could want. Shampoo, conditioner, soap, single-use razors, toothpaste and toothbrushes, hairbrushes, combs, swabs, make-up remover pads, piles of towels and private lockers to store yer stuff.The view from the jacuzzi area was pleasant, with lots of bamboo framing the windows, and looking out towards the strip and the sunset.The sitting area had comfortable lounge chairs, a large flatscreen tv, magazines, and a counter filled with cold water, juices, really yummy trail mix (the dried strawberries!) and crunchy apples. All these perks are inclusive with the entry cost. And for what it's worth, my cost was $30, not $35. This may have been because we went around 3 pm, more than halfway into the day, so maybe they reduce the cost after a certain time. Still, we were there for at least three hours, alternating between the private rooms, then meeting in the hammam to wind down from steam room or cold dip sessions. The women's side was not busy at all. I ran into perhaps 6 women total throughout the time I was there. One downside of Drift is that it's located in the Palms casino, which is only convenient to people already in the Palms, or people desperate to escape from the Rio down the road (my situation). Everyone else will have to drive a car or take a cab to get there, it's far far off the strip.If you've got $30-35 of mad money to gamble, you've got much bigger odds of getting your money's worth with several hours at the Drift spa than any slot machine in Vegas.  And you'll emerge from there clean and refreshed.
5	This place was just AMAZING! I'm a las vegas local. My husband and I make it a point to have staycations as often as possible. After a relaxing bruch at simons, we stumbled acrossed the hall to the drift spa. The front desk was extremely helpfull and accomidating! We opted to spend a little more money on the Recovery package... a 3 hour long treatment that includes a scrub, bath, massage and facial... what more could you want! I was amazing that they were able to fit us in at such short notice. My husband and i lounged around the spa for an hour or so before our therapists arrived. The therapist did such an amazing job! Both of us were like butter by the end! we opted to spend a little more time in the spa facilities before taking off... all and all an amazing time, i cannot wait to head back there!!!
5	I love me some spa time in Vegas. It's one of favorite things--no noise, no crass commercialism, just hanging out and sweating out toxins. So I rate my spa time on what I can get for a flat rate, not including all the other offers.The Palms Drift spa is one of the only, is not only, co-ed spas in Vegas. That does not mean nudity ahoy, but a shared area to relaxed with your SO. Of course, the Drift advertises as if very naughty things are happening inside, but that's just the Vegas talking, man. (Judging from some of the buffet ads we saw elsewhere one would think you could get a handjob along with a steak. But I digress...)The Drift has a "Turkish hammam" area where you can enter clothed in a towel or a swimsuit. There's a large center slab to lay down on and alcoves to sit in. It's hot, but not beastly (we were told it's set at around 90F). There's also a shower hidden in another alcove, although we could never figure exactly how to work it to our satisfaction.For the guys, you get a Jacuzzi, a cool dip, a relaxation room, a sauna, and a stifling steam room (I could only last about a minute inside of the last one!). Plenty of amenities and the free trail mix is really good, full of strawberries. All that for a $35 flat rate. A small price to pay to wash away the filth of Vegas! (However, you can never clean the filth from your brain.)
5	just want to chime in and say this place is as amazing as everyone is saying. me and my bf went in for a couple's massage. i just love the all inclusiveness of the spa. we decided to sneak in a quick 20 minute workout at the gym upstairs then took quick dips in the hot water before getting our massages.my masseuse was Dana, and she was amazing, totally felt like my body was humming after my massage. the bf didn't love his as much as I did though, maybe he needed more presssure, not sure.loved the hammam, great to just lay there and sweat it all out with your sig. other. also awesome to be able to just hang out in the spa after your massage and soak it all in. i think we were there for about 4 hours and felt AMAZING when we left.worth every penny.
4	The hammam is the signature touch here, not for the licentious reasons implied by the merchandising in the elevator, but for its soothing steam, aromas and music. The rest of the stock spa elements are pretty much what you've come to expect of any spa, minus the deluge showers. Don't trek out here from the Strip, but certainly drop in for a couple hours on Saturday or Sunday afternoon if you're staying in one of the Palms towers.
5	So my best friends brother, treated all the girls in his bday party to massages at the spa here.  Let me tell you, it was one of the most fabulous experiences of my life!The greeters there were super friendly and calm, and took us to the locker area to get changed to our robes.  We were then seated in a lush waiting area, where there were complimentary water, juices, fruits, granola mixes, etc.  One by one we were taken in for our massages, and let me tell you.. it did NOT disappoint.  The masseuse asked where the trouble spots were.. Thankfully I had none, but she used just the right amount of pressure.  She could feel the knots in my shoulders and neck and worked through then so methodically, that I felt super relaxed afterwards.  We then went to the hamman (the steam room) and sat in there for a short while. The sauna wasnt working correctly at the moment, but we didnt mind.  We then took a dip in the jacuzzi... and Im sure I could have fallen asleep, I was so comfortable.. but then as jacuzzi's are.. started to feel a bit thirsty.. so got out.  Such an amazing experience.  One of the BEST spa experiences ever and such a bonus to a fabulous vegas trip.
4	Great place - just wish I had more time to enjoy it! Didn't use any of the services but went to the hammam (it was nice to spend a few quiet minutes with my husband as it's co-ed), jacuzzi and the relaxation room.  Probably won't leave the Strip to come here but it's a must if you are in the area.
5	What a bargain!Two services for $200Facial and Massage ! We opted instead for a couples massage  I could have gotten a facial but don't really need one so just tried the massage. Hamam was cool!!  It's a large co-ed steam room with a circular area to lay on.   couple spa service was good.  As always depends on who you get.  The masseurs were nice.Wet area was the usual basic jacuzzi pool steam room Lounge was comfy with waters, juices, teas some fruits. The shower and prepping area didn't have many amenities.  Which is fine my room is just upstairs.  We got there late and I wanted dinner so I didn't enjoy much.  I liked the price and I was with my man.
4	Until we meet again dear Drift Spa, know that I adore you!This fabulous Spa features great services and the co-ed hammam is a relaxing and unique experience.One rather unique aspect of this spa is that it has actual windows and an outdoor lounge area. It's nice to see the outside world while drifting away at the Drift Spa.
4	Drift Spa was very posh and unique. The best part about it is the hammam. It is a coed steam room with a circular shape and lights that seep through the steam like you're in a starry dream. The huge table-like center is fun to lay on with a friend/partner or alone, though I was with my man. Rocky had actually surprised me with this spa experience and I will never forget :) We did a couples massage package with body scrub and facials. The facial was the most relaxing part. The massage room was large and the masseurs were nice. Other than our appointments, we enjoyed the hammam and wet rooms on separate occasions to relax during our stay. Though the spa may seem quaint, the services and ambience are illustrious. Oh, and thanks for the hair dryer Drift Spa! definitely went home with me...if you're there and there's something you need that you don't see, just ask. The spa ladies can get anything for ya!
3	It's just average. I think that it just looks very basic and that there is nothing special about it.  I don't like the setup tho.  After my massage I didn't like walking up some stairs to get back into the women's spa area.  I've experienced better.  I do love the modern decor.  Overall, no big complaints and no wows.
4	My boyfriend and I had a really amazing spa day here last weekend.  We got the couples' massage, which included a $50 min Swedish.  Our masseuses were really nice and accommodating and both did a great job.  I loved the fact that we got our own private room.  It was intimate and very relaxing.  I loved the Hammam... it was actually really nice and not overly steamy.  I also liked that there was a standing shower in there, if you need to cool off.  The only thing I would change is I wish there were more unisex areas.  The Hammam was the only place me and my boyfriend could meet up.  I'll definitely be back though.  It was an overall enjoyable experience.
4	scored a TZ deal and corralled 2 of my GF to join me in Vegas.  A much needed break as it has been 105 degrees outside.  This spa is in the Palms Place not the main hotel, so it was a short walk to the building. Once we were registered and changed, our attendants were waiting for us and escorted to very large and spacious rooms with showers.  Megan did my body scrub and massage all in one room. nice suagr scrub all over, smelled a little like bubble gum...i was drifting off to my happy place when Megan asked me to step into the shower to rinse off. (I was really tempted to ask her to wipe the scrub off as I was sooooooo relaxed and just wanted to lay there).  LOVED IT! the scrub exfoliated all my dry and ashy spots, i even had some left over to put on my face and my skin was glowing and felt like buttah,Massage was really good, she found knots I did not know existed and slowly kneaded them into oblivion.  I really could have spent another hour there,  it was so nice! Showers and facilities are really clean, not as many tolietries and amentities as QUA but a very nice experience!
4	My girlfriends and I were in town this past weekend and we had all bought the travelzoo voucher where we got to have a massage and scrub.  It was an amazing barging for $100. My massage therapist Erin was very friendly and was very professional. Also, all the amenities were amazing. All the juices, water and fruits and snacks for your taking. We hung out for hours in the steam room, quiet room and sauna. We had a great time and I would love to come back again soon!
4	I'm not a spa goer...really....so i dont use any of the paid services here.I've seen the gym,  never used it though....cuz it seems kind of lacking.  Will probably work out (no pun intended lol) for someone on the go that wants to get a quickie in.   When I checked it was empty.   I did see the Pilates room.  That looked nice if you are into pilates.I basically use the jacuzzi, and co-ed steam room (less hot than the smaller steam rooms).The showers are nice, and the locker rooms are nice...:)
4	Discovered this place via Travel Zoo deal and yes...what a deal! A body scrub or pedicure AND 50 min massage for $99? AND this place is clean, newer, and wasn't crowded....SCORE!It's easy to find this spa as it has a drive up location in the Palms Place building (not the casino). My massage was good (not GREAT but pretty good, the messeuse was reall nice ) and my pedicure, although it wasn't the scrub-ya-down-rub-it-up kind you get at an asian place per se (next time I'll get the body scrub), it was flawless and lasted a very long time.  Though it's not super posh like VDara spa (they use real china/utensil and Aveda products), Drift Spa is spacious and stocked enough to be very comfortable for the day.  Anyways, here's my recap:Pros:-LOVE the haman/co-ed steam room. This is a great option because you can hang out with your friends/significant other here and just relax together. Not many spas have these kind of co-ed areas so its great.-Large steam room (for the ladies) and nicely located in a separate wet area. After being in the dry climate of NV, this steam room was heaven to my sinuses and skin.-Was kind of empty the day we went (Labor Day) so we pretty much had the whole spa to ourselves. -Have access to an outside sitting area/patio, adjacent to the waiting room-Quiet and peaceful as its in a non-gaming hotel.Cons:-The waiting room/quiet lounge is small. Only 4-5 seats in there and no where else to go, so if there's more than 4 laides waiting for their appts, you're pretty ass out either waiting outside the lounge or in the locker area. BUT you can curtain off your lounge chair for major privacy.-Sub-par spa food and drinks. Not a lot of fresh fruit or variety; just bananas, granola bars, water and OJ. No hot water to help yourself too. You have to ask someone for it and that was hard to do becaues there wasn't any workers really walking around. Call me spoiled but some spas have serious food/beverage selection and set ups.-The vanity area where you blow dry hair etc is SO HIGH compared to the little stool they have. Sitting on it, the vanivty counter came up to my chest and I'm 5'4"...I feel for those under 5'. They'd have to stand on the stool!-Not a fan of the plastic lounge chairs by the whirlpool. I coudln't really get too comfortable in it. Definitely NOT conducive to taking a nap.
1	I had services on 9/18/2011 and used my travelzoo voucher.  I had booked a massage and pedicure for that morning and even called ahead to be sure my massage was with a female therapist.My check-in was easy, seemed like everything was a-ok.  I was led back to the locker room and given my locker.  I changed and went to go sit in the Hammam.  I didn't use the Hammam because it smelled very moldy and my feelings were validated by another patron who said the same thing after she went in behind me.  I decided to just wait for my massage appointment in the quiet area.  There are no clocks in the spa.  I was sitting and waiting for my massage for a long time when I started to get worried.  I looked around the spa for several minutes and there were NO staff anywhere to help me.  I then ran to my locker and tried to call the spa from my cell phone to see if they could send someone to help me, no answer.  I then had to walk out to the front lobby in my robe where I waited for the receptionist to talk on the phone for AT LEAST 5 minutes before she acknowledged me.  At this point it was almost 25 minutes past my original massage appointment.  They then advised me that my MALE therapist was running late.  I then had to negotiate getting a female therapist, which is what I had booked in the first place.  It took about 5 minutes when a very sweet massage therapist came and grabbed me, I did get my full hour massage and she was very apologetic.  She also gave me a pretty decent massage.I was then told that my pedicure was booked in another tower and they asked if I minded walking over to the other tower to get the services (as I stood there covered in oil and only in a robe).  I said no and they quickly found someone to come over and give me a pedicure.  A manager never came to talk to me or apologize for the mix up and run around.  Ultimately the services themselves were adequate but the feeling of being so stressed out and not knowing what was going on left me very unhappy with this place.  I generally anticipate a relaxing, calming day when I book at a spa, but this was SO not the case in this situation.Needless to say, I likely will never return to this spa.
4	I got a great Travelzoo deal as we were heading to Vegas in early March and were worried that it wouldn't be warm enough to be at the pool, so wanted something fun to do during the day. We got a great deal for a body scrub and Swedish massage and arrived a bit early to take advantage of the facilities. Everyone knew about the deal and the process was easy.The scrub was great, my skin felt sooo soft afterwards. They then had me wait in the little middle reception area for my massage saying it would just be a minute. It was about 10 minutes, which means my second treatment started late, but the therapist apologized and still went the full 50 minutes. I liked my treatment, but it was a really firm Swedish massage. I don't just want a rub, but this woman literally left bruises on my legs and arms. Unfortunately, my husband prefers this kind of massage but he said his wasn't anything like that and was just a rub. Oddly, while the woman did ask if i had any injuries or anything to avoid, at no point did she ask about the pressure I preferred or if she needed to adjust (her name was Marisa). It's already awkward even when they do ask, but I guess I didn't feel like I was given the opportunity.I think we got a great deal and we had a nice time, but we could have been better paired for the massage.Also, we thought this was at Palms, and not Palms Place. Taking a cab is already a little annoying instead of going to the spa in your hotel, but getting a deal helps. The problem is we took a cab and they dropped us off at the Palms, then we asked someone there and told us to walk through the casino, take the elevator to the sky tube, the sky tube is a long double moving walkway, then another elevator and finally you're there. Quite a hike. Then when we left, I asked where the closest place to catch a taxi is and they said just to take the elevator down. So I figured we just came in the wrong entrance, but unforunately this back entrance isn't very busy and we waited at least 10 minutes, maybe longer, for a taxi.
5	I lovvvvvvvve this spa! The amenities are fabulous, and not overcrowded like other strip spas. The hamman is awesome. The aromatherapy they use it in is very cleansing. The deals are great for the hotels. You can get a facial and massage for $200! Can't beat that! Massages are amazing. The only improvements I would say are the facials. The estheticians I've had never recommend any good treatments for my skin. I have to pull teeth to see what improvements can be made. I guess they don't really offer any medi spa like services like any intensive skincare solutions, which totally sucks!
4	I went here due to a spa deal.  $50 facial - definitely can't beat that!  Drift Spa is located in Palms Place (not Palms!) The spa is clean, but not too big.  It has a jacuzzi, sauna, pool, and a hammam (co-ed steam room).Waiting room area prior to going in for your service is not that big.. about 5 chairs.  They do provide your typical snacks - water, juice, tea, and nuts assortment.I enjoyed my facial.  I like how they use an electronic brush (not typical of all facials)  However, I wished they gave a foot massage.  Oh well - can't win 'em all.I will definitely come back for another deal! :)
4	Lovely way to spend a Sunday!  Massage, facial, and pedi.  Go to Simon's first enjoy brunch then treat yourself.
4	My first body scrub and massage combo experienced took place here at Drift Spa.  Utilizing the travelzoo promotion coupon ($99)  I figured it was wise way to spend time after a long flight while staying away from the clubs and casinos.The massage attendant scrubbed a sand-like substance of sugar, honey, and coconut juice before the massage.  After the scrubbing session was finished, I had the opportunity to rinsed myself off.  At this time I immediately noticed my skin's rejuvenation!  So soft and smooth like baby's butt!  Up next was the relaxing Swedish massage.  The massage attendant displayed useful skills along with a little bit of deep tissue modalities.  I was relaxed but wished the room was a bit darker as I might have fallen asleep.  Once the massage ended I explored the reminder of the Spa's amenities as my travelzoo deal allowed full use for the entire day.  There were multiple hot tubs, cold pools, and sauna's in the men's section.  They also offer a coed Turkish Hamman spa!  Swimsuits are required of course in the coed spa.  The men's shower facilities included free soap, shampoo, conditioner and towels.  The bathrooms offered shaving and hair toiletries as well.  Given the wonderful experience I would definitely return to Drift Spa with or without a special deal.  My only qualm was trying to find Drift Spa.  My advice for upcoming Spa-holics is to arrive 30 minutes before an appointment as it'll take 10 to 15 minutes to walk through the Palms casino to reach the destination (Drift Spa). Detailed directions are provided below:1. Walk towards the food court as the elevator is located near Coffee Bean2. Take the elevator to the 6th floor3. Exit the elevator and walk through Sky Tube (double moving walkway)4. Take another elevator up to drift spa
2	My girlfriends and I have been here a few times before. We like to get massages and just hang out in their spa and relax. Our visit this time definitely wasnt as good as our previous visits. I kinda had the feeling that maybe our service was different because we were using our groupon deals this time. Between the three of us, we got three massages, one body scrub, and two pedicures. We were told it would be okay if we were ready just a few minutes before our appt time. I do have to admit that we should have been ready early. We got sidetracked and ended up being about two minutes late. After getting walked to my massage room upstairs and trying different cushions and towels out for my comfort level, my therapist began my massage about 10 mins after my appt time. The massage felt like it ended rather quickly. As soon as i was done, i looked at the clock and noticed that my therapist stopped at exactly 50 mins after my appt time. Really? My 50 min massage turned into a 40 min massage because we were trying to find the right cushions to use? Okay, i tried to let it go because technically I should have showed up earlier. Next was my body scrub. Ive had body scrubs a couple other times at other places. This one felt so rushed and the salts were scrubbed on my skin rather quickly and roughly. My friend's experience was similar to mine. She waited in the lounge area to be called for her service. Her person didnt come to get her for the longest time. Then while she was getting her pedicure, her massage therapist came looking for her because she wasnt done w her pedicure yet and tells her that she is cutting into her massage time by 20 mins. Seriously? Its her fault that she was waiting in the lounge forever without being called? They ended up talking to a manager and making it right. She did say she enjoyed her pedicure tho!My third friend wanted a deep tissue massage and when I booked the appt, I was told it would cost an extra $15 with our groupon. When we were checking out, we were told it was $30 extra. After I insisted that i was told a different price, she made a phone call and then said it was fine. We are all locals and had said before that this could be our spa spot. However, after our experience today, we all decided its time to find another spot.
5	This place is worth it! It is beautifully built- includes a hamman, steam room and dry sauna. The massage was very relaxing and you get to chose your own essential oil scent.They have fruits, tea and water to enjoy.Staff was kind and you can stay all day if you like!
4	The spa itself is small but nice with limited common areas. The main hot tub/sauna is in a room surrounded by windows. I prefer dark spas but it still had a very relaxing/minimalist vibe. The hamman which is the highlight of their spa (at least according to their marketing) is impressive, I was into it for a while.  It got a little weird for me because I didn't realize it is co-ed. Suddenly this dude I didn't see (it is really steamy and dark in there) was asking me what I was going to be doing later. Yucko. The treatment waiting area/relaxation room was small and bizarre; it seems like it was an afterthought. The highlight of my time at Drift Spa was the actual treatment. In my experience with LV Spas, the facility is more of a highlight then the treatments. I had an excellent massage and my sister had a fantastic facial.
1	This crazy nutjob of a woman, Amy, ruined my hair! I understand she no longer does hair, thank goodness. My experience -I had never died my hair before. I had string, thick, nonchemically treated, strawberry blonde, long (to my hips) hair and I wanted to go blonde. I know there is a need for clipping off split ends, but the woman fried my hair and told me it was normal! My hair shortened up to my chin (from being so fried). I never wanted my hair to be shorter, just blonde with a normal trimming! She let the bleach sit on my hair for about 35/40 mins. I didn't know this was not normal, based on the was my first time, so I had no previous knowledge that this is WAY too long. My scalp started itching and I had red marks around my hairline after we washed it out. When I complained about how fried my hair was, she suggested extensions that started at $1,200+!  I hope she got fired! It has been over a year and my hair is still healing.
4	This review is only for the day pass, $25 for non-guests. I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was busy but not crowded. The staff was extremely attentive and polite and probably the highlight of my visit. Everything was well stocked, tidied, and clean with plenty of trail mix, tea, juices, and towels. The robes felt wonderful.I didn't really like the co-ed aspect of the Hamman but the space was very pretty and relaxing to be in if there weren't too many people in there at the same time. The bath amenities and products were decent but nothing special. I would check out some other spas in Vegas before returning to this one, but I wouldn't mind coming back again when there is less people.
2	I used a Groupon to book a 50 min massage ($59 usually $125). I'm a local but had never been to this spa. Overall, the facilities appeared nice. It's smaller, has a lot of areas with natural light, and clean. However, I think the wet sauna had a funk going on. Not super noticeable the first few minutes but when the steam goes on, I started to really notice an unusual smell. Best way to describe it, maybe similar to stinky feet? So, left there and tried hot tub and dry sauna. Both good. Wanted to take a quick shower before my treatment and, the water temperature kept changing to extreme cold and hot. Guessing this was from use of toilet or sinks in the spa by other guests. Regardless of why this was occurring, it made the experience very irritating.Went to quiet room where the therapist picks you up. There were no clocks but based on the TV programming I was picked up at probably 1:03 for a 1 pm massage (no big deal assuming all is made "right") . The therapist took me up one level which is probably 20 steps in a darker staircase which is part of the spa. Once to the treatment room, she mentioned a upsell of scented oils and to try them out before laying on table. So, let's say it is about 1:10 (give or take a minute or two) as we start. Massage was fine, felt good not bad, but nothing memorable. When completed, I knew it wasn't the full 50 minutes of massage but, with no clocks in the room, I didn't know yet how much I was shorted (my pet peeve when getting a spa service). We walked down the steps, said good bye and I walked back to the lockers where I knew of the only clock in the spa. It was 1:52, so clearly shorted by at least 10 minutes probably closer to 15. I usually shower again after my treatments and bring all my stuff from home, but because of the shower temperature problem, I just packed all my stuff and left. Gratuity is automatically charged based on 20% of the service's regular price or $25.I use the hotel spas often but, will not return to this spa in the future. My suggestion is to bring your cell phone or watch so you can monitor the time and have the discussion before robing back up and leaving the treatment room.
3	I have been to many spa's in Vegas, and none compare to the spa at Red Rock. I THOUGHT this one might be good, I love Simon's, & The Palms Place pool, but the spa was nothing to rave about. I called ahead for a facial & Swedish massage. I do have to admit, I did show up only 10 minutes before my treatment (Which I never recommend, but I was crazy with work crap!) I ran in, changed my clothes and headed straight to the waiting area with 5 min to spare. I normally like to hit the steam room and soak in the hot tub, but because of my tardiness, not today... I by passed the women's spa area witch looked ok. I was shown their infamous hamman room,which is the co-ed steam room. (they said it's not as hot as the regular team room)  It looked beautiful, and amazing, but I couldn't get past the co-ed part. There is no part of me that wants to spend my spa day sweating near some dude that's a total stranger. I wouldn't even want it to be my boyfriend! (God knows we spend enough time together!)As I was waiting for my first treatment, I was asked twice if I was Jennifer. And twice I said no, I'm JAMIE. Come to find out, they tell me my esthetician took in the wrong person but I would be taken care of by another and given the full time. (SO... I'm thinking, hmmmm, normally they should have given me the massage first.... but... whatever...)BTW...The common area was just so so. It wasn't as warm, dark and relaxing as other spas I have frequented. The facial was fine, then I went for my massage, which was fine too. All in all, it was just A-OK. I'll probably give it another chance when I have more time
2	I was genuinely surprised by the quality of this Vegas Strip Spa.  You definitely pay the Strip prices here, but its so not worth it here.  I had a massage and a facial that were ok, but nothing to write home about.  The waiting area was crammed, not enough seats for everybody in there.  The tea offered in aforementioned room is very nice, but there was no one around to offer alternatives.  I eventually flagged someone down for some cucumber water.  Ambiance was the most disappointing aspect.  It was actually loud at some points in the hallway and lounge.  Also, the staff, who is obviously used to the tourist crowd, didn't bother asking what my concerns were for my face during my facial or areas of stress or soreness during my massage.  Kind of basic regimine, don't you think? Other reviewers seemed excited by the hammam, which is a nice amenity.  Some seemed impressed with the fact you can stay there as long you want is but every other legit spa is like this too. Thanks for blasting the Jersey Shore reruns...it was very soothing.Sub par, Palms.
3	I went here with some Groupons I got for a facial and a massage.  It was extremely relaxing and the services were great.  But there were a couple of things that stood out in my mind that were 'different' from what I would expect.1) They only had cold water located in one fridge located in their "lounge". And "lounge" is an overstatement for me b/c all the chairs were more like cushy doctor office chairs. There were no lounge chairs where you could lay down or sprawl out or nap or read.2) Which brings me here, other than the rooms you got services done there was no place to rest or nap. The chairs in the lounge were just that fully upright chairs and the chairs by the pool didn't fully recline either.  They were actually quite uncomfortable.  And it's surrounded by windows, so it's not dark or dimly lit which is more preferable for me for nap time!3) It's a hike to get to this place, so put on your walking shoes.4) Some lady stole my flip flops when I was attempting to lounge in the uncomfortable chair.  Couldn't find any attendants to help me with new ones so I walked around barefoot.5) Screaming and Crying kids. Sorry to the mom's out there, but don't  bring your freaking kids to a SPA. Some lady had her kid there, which I personally found highly inappropriate, and then he started screaming and carrying on until [get this] she openly started BREAST feeding him in the public area [men there too].  Kids just don't belong in a SPA. Get someone else to watch them or don't go.  It affected my experience and I know others as well were looking around like WTF is going on here.  The manager, did finally come over and told her to get going with this nonsense b/c it was starting to affect other guests.  6) No hair brushes. After my services I was meeting friends at Simon for dinner.  So I showered, washed my hair, changed, etc.  Went to go dry my hair and could not located a brush nor a comb.  Went on a 3 or 4 min walk around, still didn't see any, was looking for attendant to help-didn't see any of those either. So, I blew dry my hair w/out a brush.  As I was doing this, another lady is opening drawers looking around, and was also looking for a brush.  I explained to her that I had no luck either.  kinda weird for meSo my favorite part:  Would I go back...Probably not. If I'm going to spend my money and relax I still enjoy the HardRock spa or the M Resort, for me it's more full service.
2	I was surprised by the total lack of quality in this spa.  I expected much more from the Palms. I will start with the good experiences:1. They let you use the gym.2. They had tomato juice in the lounge refrigerator.3. The masseuse used complimentary aroma therapy on my neck.Otherwise, the experience was sub par. The flip flops they provided ended up making my toes bleed about 20 minutes into the day. I had to wrap them in napkins. It was packed, most of the time I was using the spa rooms, they were full and really noisy.  I thought there was a spa code, where you respect others... Not relaxing at all.  ALL of the televisions throughout the spa and fitness areas were on Fox News.  SO not appropriate for a spa, very much not relaxing.  The attendants were rude and rushed (even when there was no reason to be rude).  The place was run down as a whole. The steam room in the woman's wet spa was 121 degrees (according to the wall thermostat), which was unbearable for me (it was the only room not occupied by at least 5 people... in fact it was always empty). The coed steam room was nice and empty but smelled like sulfur or some chemical burning.  The massage was nice, but more of a gentle caressing and less like a Swedish massage. It was nice though. This is definitely a strip priced spa- if you MUST go here, do it on a groupon.  If you want a nice spa experience off of the main strip- go to the Hard Rock, I've had two great experiences there.
5	Spent countless hours in 1 weekend here.  Beats walking the dirty strip.  Steam room, sauna, cold plunge, hot tub, repeat.  Lounge around sipping tea and reading magazines while waiting for service and then take your sweet ass time getting ready.  I loved my days of beauty here.
4	This spa is my second favorite in Las Vegas. I came about an hour early before my treatments to use the facilities. They have the rain showers, large hot tub, steam room, sauna and a cold dipping pool. They have nice amenities such as hair care, body lotion, shavers, hair ties, toothbrush, trail mix, juices, and tea.I've had two massages here and both times the male therapists were amazing and worked out the kinks as much as they could given the 50 minutes I booked.After the massage, I got a facial and it was so relaxing that I fell asleep, minus the part when the esthetician did the extractions.The attendants were nice and cordial and asked periodically if I needed anything. The facilities itself are clean.Yes I would definitely come back.
4	Beautiful spa and facility, with great amenities(shampoo, haircare, etc) and super clean. The little extras were really nice... the waiting lounge had juice, water, tea, trail mix and a bowl of fresh fruit. The sauna, pool and steam room were well worth the time to spend in prior or after your service.Used a groupon for a massage and facial and both technicians were wonderful... listened to my concerns and tailored the treatments. The massage with Erin was superior... worked all the kinks out of my neck.It's a great experience, but not for the budget minded, even with the groupon. They add the tip based on the full price of the service, which is not unusual. Just need to make sure you have the time to spend in the hammam to make it worth your while.
5	I am almost reluctant to write this because I think it's the best kept secret in town. I just love this spa, it is my favorite. I love the staff, the ease of getting there, the amenities and the services. I had booked a swedish, but upgraded to deep tissue with Erin, and did an amazing job! I just love to spend the day relaxing, from the wet deck to the hammam. And the Tiangela is an angel, always welcoming and happy.
4	Seriously - I drifted away in relaxation during my visit to Drift Spa.  Drift Spa is located in the Palms Place tower within the Palms Resort and Casino.  Note that the Palms Resort has three towers.  Palms Place is the furthest tower away from the casino.  If you're driving here, I highly suggest you park closer to Palms Place (closer to Arville and Flamingo).  You could valet at Palms Place too, if you wanted to.  At the time of my visit and still at the time of this review, they were offering various combo packages and I booked the tranquility package, consisting of a 50-minute Sweedish massage and a 50-minute body scrub.  It's normally $275 and I paid $190 - so good deal.  They have your garden variety of spa amenities, but unique to Drift Spa is their hammam.  How do I explain it - it's kinda like a steam room, but not.  Oh and it's co-ed so you better go in there with your clothes on.  It was pretty relaxing - I'd have to say.  It was a great way to get me relaxed before my massage.So the massage - seriously - the massuse (I couldn't remember her name) really knew what she was doing.  I'm normally a fan of deep tissue massages and kinda wished I booked that instead - she had great pressue and I knocked out!Up next was the scrub - my first one ever.  I didn't know what to except and the lady who was helping me really guided me thorugh the process.  She was patient and took the time to get to know me.  Eventually, I feel asleep during this treatment too!  Overall great experience - most likely would return.
5	Damn, this place is nice.I got a livingsocial deal for pilates class. As part of the deal, I get access to drift spa, since the class was located in their facility. This spa is freakin' awesome. It's pretty clean and not that busy. There's a spa, steam room, and a sauna inside the guy's locker. There's also their Hannan room, which is a co-ed steam room that is surprisingly relaxing. There's plenty of bottled water for your enjoyment, as well as, fruits, juice, coffee, and trail mix. The gym upstairs has new equipment and there's also a tanning salon here. There's private showers/changing area which is a plus. Overall I had pleasant experiences here.
2	Sorry, but I had to take it knock it down a couple stars.I feel this visit was a bit downgraded from my last visit.  I came on a travelzoo deal this time around and it was for a facial and Swedish massage.First off the massage.  It was my first time ever having a massage so I have nothing to compare it to.  I chose a female masseuse and she was friendly.  There were times throughout the massage I wish she would have put more pressure and times where it was less.  Overall it was a good first time massage experience, but somehow I felt like something was lacking because of the travelzoo deal.Next came the facial.  I've had this facial before, and it was great.  This time around, I felt like the aesthetician was careless and somewhat rushed.  She spent so much time with the facial brush on one part of my forehead that it bugged the heck out of me.. and I'm 90% positive that she only used her hands when she did my extractions when she should have used the tools - big UGH!  Again, I felt like it was rushed / something was missing because she made an emphasis on the travelzoo deal.The waiting area used to also have nuts, but this time around there was only fruit.  Ok, not a big deal but it was for me since I know they used to have them and I was actually looking forward to it.I'm not opposed to coming back, but I may be looking elsewhere for other spas to try.
4	The facility was gorgeous and the staff were extremely friendly! I enjoyed myself and the Travelzoo was icing on the cake!!!
2	Let me start out by saying, I was really looking forward to my spa day at the Palms. that being said I wasn't impressed.  I came in on a travelzoo deal for a facial and Swedish massage with my family. Overall Impression on the Decor/Facility:The spa looked dirty. We spotted hair everywhere we looked; in the steam room, in the jacuzzi, on the chairs. We even noticed mold growing on some of the walls/ceilings.  I was really looking forward to hanging out in the co-ed hammam  but the hammam  even had hair on the seating areas and smelled like must/funk. We asked the attendent to spray Eucalyptus oil but it still didn't cover the funk, My Facial was probably the best part of the deal and it still wasn't anything to write home about. My Swedish massage for lack of better words sucked. I would much rather spend 20 dollars to go get a full body foot reflexology massage where they actually apply pressure and don't talk the ENTIRE time. I hope the Palms will invest into revamping the spa. I think this spa has the potential to be with a little TLC.
4	Really great spa facility.  A friend and I decided to take up the travelzoo offer for massage and facial.  This was a great way to spend a relaxing afternoon getting pampered.  We arrived an hour early which was great because I was able to soak in the hot tub, sit in the steam room and lounge before starting my services.  The Swedish massage was great, good pressure and definitely relaxing.  I also enjoyed my facial afterwords.  I was able to also enjoy a long hot shower and take my time getting ready to conquer the LV heat.  They have everything you may need too, shower caps, toothbrushes, hair products, large comfy robes etc.  The deal also included use of the pool, didn't get to dip in it but I did take a peek and it looked very chill and relaxing.  One thing to note the spa is located in Palms Place not the two main towers.
4	So decided to bring the ladies of my life here for some pampering.  Over all a very good experience, mother and sister in law got 50 min swedish massages my wife  (like always!) upgraded to deep tissue ($35extra) and absolutely loved it. We all the travelzoo deal so we hung out at the pool during most of the day, which for me was probably the highlight of my experience, since it was mid week the pool area was almost empty so plenty of space to choose from. The pool attendants where super nice and came around all the time (since there was like no one there!) but hey didn't bother us, another round please! Ordered some fool and it was great!I am very particular with massages so I opted for a facial instead...it was ok...I'm very familiar with facials and 50 minutes in my opinion is never enough, however with the time she had I thought the esthetician did a very good job. I was satisfied, was no the best but definitely not the worst either. The actual spa area is a little on the smaller compared to other spas we have visited but they were clean which to me is most important. Dry sauna, jacuzzi and cold dip all awesome! The hamman was an interesting experience; nice to be able to spend some time with the wife. Over all I was satisfied. Thought that the travel zoo was worth it, don't know if I would pay the full price though...
4	So unbelievably amazing.  This is a world class spa, with every single small detail thought of.  Rene gave me literally the best facial I have ever had---'my skin is perfect right now!  Allen, my masseuse, managed to make my tired out body not hurt like crazy anymore.  GO EXPERIENCE THEIR HAMMAM TURKISH BATH HOUSE. Only cons are that there isnt a true recovery room that is dim lit, fully supine chairs and total quiet.  There are elements in their lounge and the pool area, but the chairs either dont fully recline, people feel free to talk loudly, or the door (looking at you, pool room) SLAMS shut every time it is used.  Also, another reviewer mentioned someone was allowed to bring a baby there, who proceeded to cry in public areas.  Sorry, it is an expensive spa for quiet and relaxation, kids should just not be allowed.
5	Palms place is full of great restaurants and my recent favorite is the Drift Spa. I'm sure there are other spas that are better than this, but for convenience and location I wouldn't go anywhere else. The staff is extremely friendly and very professional. I'm a regular weekend user of the gym, spa and pool here so, I'm learning all the staff members on a first name basis. Quality of the facility is great. Very clean, organized, and well maintained. The gym - not the biggest, but well maintained and you don't have to wait for an equipment. Towels and water bottles on every cardio machine. They stock up the fridge with nice cold water.The Spa - I think the hot tub could be a little hotter, but other than that the facility is great. Showers are clean, every locker is stocked up with towels or robes. Amenities for grooming are decent. The Pool - it is what it is! Not the biggest or fanciest pool, but it's perfect if you want to just lay out and get some sun! Overall, my favorite weekend spot! I'm a local and a UNLV Student so to me, Drift Spa is perfect. Oh prices are really good too. $25 will get you in one day and $35 for 3 days (which is what I purchase every weekend). For a monthly membership it's $200, but I don't use the facility during the weekdays.
4	I had a Travelzoo facial deal that for the Drift Spa and just used it.  I had Dana(sp?) as my therapist and she was excellent.  I give her a full five stars.  The spa area was small but pleasant with the steam, sauna, cold plunge, and spa all located in one room.  The spa was large but there were only jets and seats on one side of it.  The sauna was pleasant and I did not try the cold plunge or steam room.  There were reclining chairs in the area as well but I didn't try them so I can't comment on how comfortable they were.I did go down to the hamman for a bit, it was very steamy and you could not see across the room.  The attendant said they keep it at 98 degrees and it was nice but it didn't really thrill me.  The relaxation/waiting room had plenty of tea, water, and fruit juices available when I was there along with trail mix and a filled fruit bowl.  There was also an outside patio with two reclining chairs on it at the relaxation area to supplement the inside seating which there appeared to be plenty of.  I was there at 11 on a Friday and there was only one other guest visible.  After I got out of my treatment, there were still only a few guest but it quickly started filling up.  I took a shower (nice showers but I have no idea why they had three controls for it when only the middle one worked) and got ready to check out.  They had the standard amenities: hair ties, razors, brushes, make-up remover pads, Q-tips, lotion, hair spray & gel, tooth paste & brushes, and spray on deodorant available. The reason I give the Drift four out of five stars was simply because I could hear outside noise while I was in the treatment room.  People somewhere laughing and even a couple of flushing noises (the toilets were opposite the treatment room I was in).   Otherwise, it was a small but pleasant spa.
5	I came to Drift as a guest of the Palms Resort. For guests the day pass is $15, and $30 I believe for visitors.If you go, here is what you need to know, because this is going to be the best $15/$30 you have ever spent. You will get a cozy snuggly bathrobe, slippers and a locker and access to their dry sauna, steam room, a huge soaking hot tub, and a cold soaking tub as well as the hammam. I was told to start off with the dry sauna then soak in the hot tub, then the hammam then the super hot steam room, and finish with the cold soak. I felt fabulous. There are plenty of lounge chairs all around the hot tub so come when you can spend some time just relaxing. There is also a separate lounge room with magazines, water and juices as well as fresh fruit (apples, oranges and bananas) and trail mix too keep your energy up. (This is all FREE as part of your entrance fee!)The hamman is not as hot as the smaller steam room so bring your towel and hang out in there for a while. It's a huge steamy tiled circular room with built-in benches all around. In the middle is a very large sort of table/bench you can beach yourself on. When I went it was completely empty so I had  the whole table to myself. If you get too hot, in the corner is a little cove with a cold water shower. Next to the steam room and hot tub is anm iced water dispenser with sliced cucumbers (delightful!) and a bucket of ice with rolled up face cloths for you to keep cool with. There are also plenty of bottles of water available everywhere as well as extra towels. Lastly, the showers are fantastic. Your little shower room comes with YOUR OWN high quality disposable razor, shaving cream, and luscious smelling shower gel and shampoo and conditioner. When it's time to get dressed you can do your hair and make-up with complementary hair products and a really good blow dryer.They scrimp on nothing here and you get so much more than your money's worth.If you live in Vegas, this is a great way to pamper yourself and have a spa day on the cheap and if you're just visiting I suggest going like I did on check out day -especially if you have a late flight, just check out but at front desk, you can still take advantage of the pool and spa and still have a place to get to get showered and changed. You will look fabulous and glowing on your flight home!
5	As a Palms guest, entry to the spa is only $15 - a total bargain!  It was such a bargain I went on both Saturday and Sunday as I couldn't think of a single reason not to go again...  you are greeted by super friendly staff and given the tour.  The robes they provide have to be the coziest ever - they are like a blanket inside...  There is a sauna, steam room, cold pool, hot tub, hammam, and a relaxation room with magazines and snacks.  The showers are great, and they are fully stocked with fresh towels, shower caps, razors, shaving cream (the staff must really be on top of it because every time I walked into the shower, they were stocked as if no one had just been in there - and I took about 6 showers over the weekend!).  Everything was very clean - I loved the ice cold towels in the wet spa - it was great to come out of the steam room and have those available.  For $15 it is a steal.  There are refreshments everywhere, lots of beauty products for you to use when you're getting ready to go (Q-tips, cotton buds, toothbrushes with toothpaste already on them!, mouthwash, brand new hairbrushes, scrunchies, hairdryers, makeup removing towelettes) - I really felt pampered there.  Will definitely go back.
3	3.5 starsI used a Travelzoo deal for a facial and massage here - two treatments for $150.   The facilities here were decent, but they were nothing extravagant.  They were clean and the locker rooms were fairly large.My massage and facial were standard - not great but not bad at all.  I won't mind going again if I find a deal, but I won't be willing to pay full price for their treatments when there are so many other options in Las Vegas.
5	Was here twice this summer.  Once for the international beauty conference in June 2013 then again for my mom's birthday in September.Got the apple carmel massage for a $100 and both my mom, sister and I loved it.They have great prices as compared to other spa's (like the Wynn and Four seasons) and the experience is relaxing and glamourous.  Loved it.Good way to end a stay in Vegas.  From here took a cab to the airport!
4	Decent amenities, 4 stars because it's FREE to Palms Place & Casino guests =D Well you have to mention nicely, work your charm!
3	I had a pretty decent experience at Drift Spa but I'm giving them 3 stars because of a mistake I realized they made after I left.My boyfriend was sweet enough to book an appointment for me and pay for a 50 minute deep tissue massage. Our spa entrance was free since we were already staying at Palm's Place and I believe my boyfriend had spa passes they gave to us last time.Anyway, when I went to check-in for my appointment they charged me an additional $30 or so for a spa/resort fee when that should have already been taken care of. I really didn't want to make a big stink over it so I just proceeded to the spa.The staff was really helpful and nice. My massage was good. Beware --- aroma therapy is an additional $15. I took it, but only because I am crazy about aroma therapy. I enjoyed their other amenities and eventually met up with my boyfriend in the Hammam steam room. It was relaxing and empty when we went so we really enjoyed that part.The locker rooms are very spacious and they have a lot of toiletries and beauty supplies available. The showers looked nice and everything was nicely kept.Overall, my experience was good. There was nothing amazing about my experience and I probably should have gone back to tell them about the charge but I just wanted to enjoy my last day in Vegas for that weekend.
3	This spa is definitely smaller than others on the strip.  The facilities are nice, but it's the little things that need to be taken care of.  The hot tub had some dirt on the edges, the spa outsources the hot tub care, towels and cups were left throughout the facility and not picked up by the attendant, the coed hamman was nice but could definitely be lower light inside, and there were not many places to sit and relax.  The clientele during my visit seemed a bit odd as well, but that's not the hotels fault.   In closing, it's a bit small, but cheap to visit.   They need to work on the small details.   I probably won't be back.
3	So for the massage and facial I give 5+ stars and for the people who are working on the in side of the spa but I would give 0 stars for the customer service I received at the front desk. It was horrible. No hi no smile nothing just rude even upon checking out rude I was shocked. I'd go back if I didn't have to deal with the front desk staff. Ugh! Allan- massage therapist was awesome perfect pressure and technique. Kim - facial was amazing and I look so fresh and clean after a crazy weekend Sandy- I don't know her title but I'm calling her the spa hostess. She was so friendly and nice and checked on myself and my group to make sure we were doing well.
5	Travelzoo Deal! 50-minute Full Body Massage for $75. Upon arrival there was a $25 gratuity for the service. FYI.We were given a tour when we arrived.The lockers that were assigned to us had a keypad lock to make sure our things were secure. We were given robes that we can change into while waiting in the "quiet lounge" for our services. There is a TV in there which I guess wasn't there before. They had granola, fresh fruit, tea, coffee, OJ & cranberry juice to much/drink on while waiting.Cassie was my masseuse. She was FAB! My massage room was a maze to get to which is why they walk you to & from your room. The rooms were very big in size. Dimly lit to set the mood. The music they had playing was so relaxing, serene.The have a huge Jacuzzi tub that have benches, pretty legit.The sauna is the same size as the gym.The steam room is soooooo hot, OMG. lol. No thanks.I took a nap in the Jacuzzi area after my massage.The facilities are open for the whole day until closing at 7pm for you to come & go as your please. Their locker room has all the amenities so that you can just take a shower & get ready there. Shampoo, conditioner, lotion, hair spray, brushes, etc... I would totally recommend this place for a relaxation day.
5	What a great spa.  I had the raspberry 50 minute facial and it was so relaxing! The esthetician was knowledgeable, made me so relaxed I almost fell asleep!  I started my spa day with a sauna and steam room visit, then headed for the hot tub.  The hot tub was large and perfect heat.  I was also lucky that I was the only one in it.  It got busier later.  The lounge area is nice.  I like to watch girlygirl shows and Sex in the City was on, so I was happy.  I met several nice ladies in the lounge and had a great time. They told me their massages were the best they had, so next time that's what I'll do.  The spa is located in Palms Place, not the Palms Casino entrance.  I made that mistake and was dropped off at the wrong place.  Look on their website because they have great monthly specials and they are worth it.  See ya next time!!!
5	Went here with a friend for the Travelzoo facial & massage deal and had an amazing experience. The only spa that tops this place is the Four Seasons. Best facial I've ever had & the massage was incredible, too.Special thanks to my massuese Cassie & Aestetician Asia for their professionalism and talent!Also loved the amenities & used them all-sauna, steam room, cool pool & jacuzzi. We walked in the hammam but it had a weird smell to us so we didn't hang around. However the tile work was impressive just to look at. Also, the lounge chairs in the jacuzzi area were super comfortable. Props to the designers for adding the outdoor landscaping that surrounds the room exterior for that extra relaxing touch. Definitely go if you're in Vegas-one of the best, most reasonably priced spas in the area. And it's only a short cab ride from the strip.
4	Best facial I've ever had. My skin, days later, is still looking the best it has in years. The massage was good, not great. Plentiful amenities, though I didn't stick around to use them. 50 min facial and 50 min massage was $180 (plus service fee) which was the best deal we found in all of Vegas.  Well worth the cab ride over to this side of town.
3	My first experience of the spa was when I got a manicure. The spa is extremely gorgeous. The girl who did my nails didn't really talk much and seemed unhappy, and the manicure was over fast. It was kind of weird. Six days later, the polish is chipping off after the countless sprays and clear polishes and primers she put over it. The next two days after that, I used the day pass for the spa, which was $15 for the whole day. When I got there, they provided me with a fluffy robe and quality sandals. The spa contained showers, a sauna, a steam room, a cold plunge, a hot tub, and a hammam. The locker rooms had little stations to get ready, with blowdryers, Q-tips, makeup remover, shower caps, hairspray, deodorant, razors...basically everything you need to get ready. There was also a sitting room with a fully stocked fridge containing water and juices, tea packets and hot water, and trail mix. There was fresh fruit in a bowl on the table. Everything was very relaxing and beautiful to look at. The hammam was breathtaking and calming, however, some of the seats in there looked like cheap plastic, and stained and dirty. There was also an empty water bottle in there that someone just crumpled up and threw on the floor. In the hot tub there were a few chunks of floating hair, along with dirt built up in the corners on the bottom of it. It kind of grossed me out. It made me wonder how often they clean some of the facilities. Which brings me to my next point...after I was given my robe and sandals and shown around, the staff was so hard to hunt down when I had questions. It took me forever to find someone to talk to and I wasted my relaxation time wandering up and down the halls trying to find someone. The staff in the back where the spa is (once I was able to track them down) were pretty friendly and nice. The girls at the front desk are a different story. The nail receptionist and the male worker were two of the friendly ones. The others were cold and not as friendly as they should be for working in a relaxing spa. On my last day there, I decided to tan during my day pass. When I first approached the tanning employee, in my robe and hair up, she seemed freaked out, like a deer caught in the headlights. I asked about prices and she rushed through them and acted snotty. It wasn't until I came back with my money and wanted to tan that she perked up and acted interested and respectful. However, one 10 minute tanning session, a small packet of lotion, and one time use eyewear cost me over $41! I was definitely slapping myself later over that. Overall, the spa was great, but they need to do some cleaning and staffing changes.
4	The locals deals for Drift Spa on Travelzoo are a steal. It can be tricky to get through on the phone to actually book your appointment.  The facials are always great, but the massages have been hit or miss.  The pool area is really great and the hammam steam room is so relaxing!  I can spend all day at the spa.  My one suggestion is to bring your own toiletries.  The shampoo and hairspray that is provided is no good.  Overall Drift Spa is a great way to spend your day {and your money}!!
5	I had Allen for my 25 minute massage and he was amazing. Just the right amount of pressure. Everyone was very friendly and the spa was clean, well stocked and peaceful
4	I purchased  a special on travel zoo and I have to say, it was worth every penny! The spa coordinators were friendly and efficient, the spa attendants were very helpful and courteous and my massage therapist Erin was outstanding! The facility is beautiful and clean and the ladies locker room had everything you could need. The only thing that wasn't ideal were the other clients. They had no clue about spa etiquette and were loud and obnoxious. I would definitely come again if I had the chance!
4	I wish I could live here ! I love that the pool is right next door, ofcourse i did not get to go in but the check in experience was nice and my fiance enjoyed the nice surprise! He was stressed out, and I thought that this would be the perfect gift for him! They offer 20% off for locals! It seems as though they are always booked which is always a goofd thing right? I guess I will update the review once i go to the spa for myself i can really give a great review
4	This is one of the better spas that I have been to.Bought a travel zoo coupon for $89 for a 60min massage. Told the girl she was massaging me too lightly and had to end up "upgrading" to a deep tissue massage if I wanted her to put more pressure. I have had other Swedish massages before that have had a little bit more pressure than what she was offering. I enjoyed the amenities here. Used the hot sauna and Jacuzzi. Met my boyfriend up in the hammam. This was my first time in a hammam... its basically an oversized co-ed steam room. Nothing special. Got bored in there quick. They offered water/teas and fruit inside the lounge area and they provided all the basic spa toiletries. I actually still use the hairbrush that they give you there to this day as my travel hair brush.**I might come back here someday if they continue to the travel zoo deal going, but I am still on the hunt for someplace better.
5	The best massages I've ever had! Every time I'm in Vegas I always get a massage here! Love the Hammam too!! It's co-ed too so it's a great room to meet up with your significant other or friends after or before your treatments. Definitely recommend this spa!!
4	I came here on a travel zoo deal with my girlfriends and we loved it! The massage was great and the facilities are spacious, clean, and it's overall very relaxing. This was the first time I went to a spa with a hammam room and it turned out to be my favorite.Some of the girls in our group didn't purchase a massage, but instead paid the day fee to use the amenities. You do get access to the pool too, which was nice. We did have one issue at the pool .When we first tried to access it the security man at the pool door kept insisting we had to be hotel guests. It was eventually straightened out, but I guess the feedback I have on that is to make sure their security/pool employees are aware of the policy that spa guests have access to the pool.
5	This spa is a hidden gem!  Everyone is very welcoming and the amenities are well worth a visit.  I purchased a travel zoo deal and was pleasant surprised at what a great value it was ($135 for a 50 min massage & 50 min facial). I'll definitely be back!
4	I bought a Travelzoo deal and went there this past weekend. We went on a Sunday and it was not that crowded. I was worried it would be crowded. We first got to the pool around 10 a.m. There were maybe 5-6 people there but one thing I don't like is that everyone eating at Simon's has a full view of the pool. There are all glass windows and it makes it kind of awkward when you swim by people who are eating and fully clothed. I am sure it would not bother some people, but shy people beware. At the pool it began to get crowded around noon. About 25 people or so, but still not too bad. You can order food and drinks from the poolside menu. It took 30 minutes to make a quesadilla and the quesadilla was $14 and looked like it came from Del Taco-I would not suggest ordering that. You are better off buying $14 worth of food for your whole family at Del Taco. But it is the strip and expected, but I do believe they could have put a tiny bit more effort into the quesadilla to make it different. Drinks are around $14 each. This is my second time at this spa. My first time I was impressed but I was not happy that their Hammam was broken. This time the Hammam worked but the steam room in the women's area was broken. That's okay because the Hammam was much better than a steam room. I only wish they turned the relaxing music up a bit in there. I could barely hear it. That would make for a more relaxing time. Everywhere you look it is clean which I really appreciated it. I did not see any hairs or trash or anything else gross anywhere. I liked that inside the spa many people were alone. I hate going to spa where there's a bunch of people talking and carrying out laughing and being loud. Luckily this place was pretty quiet inside. Their jacuzzi is pretty weak (the jets) and I think it could use some stronger jets for my taste. They provide bottled water, juice, tea, fruits, and trail mix in the lounge, magazine, and a TV (which again, I rather be turned off from the world when I am at a spa). You can also use their fitness room which overlooks the strip. The 4 stars are for the amenities you get with booking a spa treatment (pool, fitness room, Hammam) and the cleanliness. Also my facial was wonderful and I was so relaxed I fell asleep. I would come back here again if there's another deal.
4	I got a travelzoo deal since I went with a few of my friends for a bachelorette weekend.  It was a pretty good deal so I decided to spring for both services, massage and facial.  You will have full access to the pool and other spa amenities when you purchase their services.  What surprised me is that they topped on 20% for the gratuity automatically.  It was off the regular price services and not the discounted price.  I was on a major budget so an extra $50 bucks is a lot to add on unexpectedly.  If I knew then I probably would've only had one of their services.  The spa was clean and everyone was friendly.  Full access to all the amenities was great.  It was a fun and relaxing day with my friends.
4	Had a very nice, peaceful visit to Drift Spa on this Monday before Labor Day Weekend. My 50-minute deep tissue massage with Allan was excellent. I definitely recommend him. I gave the spa itself 4 stars rather than 5 based on its cost-to-luxuriousness ratio relative to other Las Vegas spas. Drift is a lovely, quiet spot, but the competition in town is top notch.
4	Even though my husband celebrated his birthday here in Vegas, he is sweet enough to give me a gift as well for a Swedish massage here at Drift spa. The decor was modern, lockers using number pads so no need for keys, wet spa is pretty spacious, quiet lounge is filed with fruits,mixed nuts and juice. My therapist Daria is really nice. She's experienced in hitting all my sore long overdue knotted spots. I feel relaxed by the end of the session. I will definitely come back if I visited Vegas again.I had to mention that my 8 months pregnant friend enjoyed her session as well.
5	I do not give 5 stars easily as maybe only do it a quarter of the time and I have been to plenty of spas/massage places.First some words of warning as this is not in the Palms casino but in Palms place a condo/time share like place next to the casino and reached by a long hallway and skywalk.     I actually liked that as it was quieter and I was not staying at hotel anyway.Casino runs a shuttle from Ceasers forum every 30 minutes mall if you are not staying at hotel.The facilities are very new as looks like this place was built after the casino.  It also is huge as takes up about two stories with separate jacuzzi/sauna/whirlpool for women and men.  Only thing shared is what they call a Hamman which is a lower temp sauna.  It is probably about temperature one would do bikram yoga in. Hamman and is big enough you likely could set up yoga mat and go to work.Places like this are based on the massage and this was one of the best I have had. I always tell the masseuse that i have lower back and neck issues from working at a desk.  This usually gets ignored as they just do a full body rub down with no real focus on those area.  This one not only focused on those area she paid special attention to my right side which was more knotted as I am right handed and use a mouse alot.  I sometimes feel worst off after a massage but in this case i felt less knotted and more stretched out.  I wish I live in Vegas so could return.Give yourself time before and after massage to use the facilities.
5	Loved the atmosphere, pool, spa, and my massage was very relaxing.  It was beautiful and an amazing get away. My masseuse did a lovely job making sure the pressure wasn't too hard. Every single minute was so enjoyable. Sadly I dont remember her name but who knew getting your hands massaged could be so soothing? She definitely had some magic in her hands! I loved the fact the outdoor pool and sushi bar was right next to the spa so you had the leisure to come in and out all day.  I was going and leaving grabbing sushi, tanning, spa and relax, and repeat! Lol. Truly an amazing get away for locals! This is a wonderful spa to check out! I will be coming back.
3	Mostly annoyed and disappointed.My husband and I each booked a Swedish massage and planned to spend several hours enjoying the facilities. The bad:1) Worst massage ever. For BOTH of us. I was informed immediately that a Swedish massage is a light pressure relaxing massage. I could upgrade for $30 to a deep tissue massage if I wanted more pressure. I understand that a Swedish is supposed to be more relaxing, but I could barely tell that she was touching me. Seriously, it was more of a caress than massage. They need to look up the definition of these massage types. I didn't want a deep tissue massage. I don't have chronic pain or muscle adhesions. But I do think that I should feel the pressure of my massage in order for it to be relaxing. My husband was told the same thing with the same results, so it is obviously policy here in order to get more money. 2) Some areas run down- such as: pool chairs had cigarette burn holes. 3) The QUIET relaxation room has a TV on with the sound up. While waiting for my massage, I had to sit and listen to a reality TV show where people were arguing and being obnoxious. I usually like to spend time in a spas waiting room, but this was the opposite of relaxing and quiet. 4) The "hot tub" outside was cold. The good:1) I liked the variety of juices available, along with bottled water and water with lemon. Bananas, apples, and granola.2) The hot tub area was nice.  Hot water, cold pool, and decent chairs.3) The co-ed  Hammam was beautiful and relaxing. 4) Fully appointed vanity area with hair spray, hair dryers, etc.Overall, the spa is "okay" at best. I will not be back.
