5	Had a great time tonight at Rusconis new place.  The food was great!  We had a reservation a few days ago and becasue his opening was dealyed he invited us to his soft opening that really didn't look very soft.  The restaurant was packed.  The bar looks great and will be a nice happy hour spot.  The service was really good and very friendly, just what I would expect from a restaurant like this.  I can't believe the price points.  I can't wait to return.
5	There is a new restaurant in town and it is AMAZING!  We went for a quick, casual mid-week dinner and couldn't have been more pleased.  Both Lon's and T. Cooks top our list of favorite restaurants so we were excited to see what Chef Michael was offering in his own place.  My salmon was phenomenal and my husband's braised beef was tender and excellent.  Chef Michael even came out of the kitchen to talk to my four year old and find out what she wanted to eat, offering her whatever he could make.  In addition, when we asked if they had a piece of paper so she could draw, instead of bringing a blank piece of printer paper, they downloaded and printed a coloring page. It was so unexpected and thoughtful.  That is just an inkling of the level of service we received.  We will definitely be going back regularly.
4	Came here with a group of friends to check out their Happy Hour which runs from 4-6pm seven days a week. The HH food menu consists of  six items ranging from $1-$3 off the regular price menu.  Draft beers, wells, and house wines are all $1 (maybe $2) off. I am also supposed to mention, per my wine connoisseur friend, that the reds were served a little cold, but nothing body temperature couldn't handle.Dave, the bartender and our server (there were only two other patrons at the bar), kept our alcoholic drinks flowing, but was a oblivious to the water refills, but hey, I understand the priorities...make that money.  Between the seven of us, we split one Kitchen Platter, Two orders of the Steamed Mussels, two orders of the Goat Cheese and Artichoke Fondue and two Pork Belly plates which satisfied any hunger, but didn't leave us feeling full. -     The Kitchen Platter was what I was really excited for, but it ended up being pretty pathetic looking and I was relieved I was only paying HH prices for that puppy. Maybe serve it on a smaller platter next time for an optical illusion? Anyway, comes with chorizo (about 5 tiny pieces), artisan cheese (4 small slices), spiced olives, roasted peppers (which were like shoestrings that didn't even look like it totaled one quarter of a pepper), grilled artisan bread (4 slices), and a delicious pesto dip. It was good, but like I said, I wouldn't pay full price for that portion size.-     "As far as Arizona mussels go, they are pretty good" which accurately sums up that appetizer which comes with six mussels per order.-     The Goat Cheese Fondue was served in a cute mini staub pot and accompanied by warmed pita. The goat cheese was deliciously creamy (just as a note, the pieces of artichokes were few and far between so don't get this app solely for the 'chokes).-     The Pork Belly plate was by far my favorite dish I tried and I will recommend to anyone I know that is coming here. The combination of the pork with creamy grits and apple relish was amazing and if you don't like pork, just shove it to the side and it the grits with apple relish, seriously, very yummy. If you venture into Rusconi's you MUST try it out!I rate it at 3.5 stars, but rounded up cause this place hasn't even been open for a week. I'm curious to try their dinner menu, which seems to be what the other reviewers are excited about.  I'm happy its in the neighborhood and I will be back to try more!-----------Visited a second time with a friend. I, again chose to sit in the bar area and the service was amazing! Zack made us feel like we were the only customers in there, despite the other patrons around. We started with the Pork Belly app ($6 HH price) and each had wine. I did notice the HH menu has changed, they now offer a burger for $9, the drink prices stayed the same. For our entrees we went light by ordering salads. I had the Pulled Chicken and Strawberry Salad ($9) and my friend had the Romaine Salad. Both salads are on the smaller, starter portion side, but both were tasty. I loved the small little cubes of mozzarella cheese with mine. For two salads, two glasses of wine, and an appetizer we ran up a $42.00 bill. But we both were impressed with the food and service. Solid 4 stars this time :)
5	Family owned and it shows! Very friendly and accommodating. Makes you feel like your one of the family. The chef ACTUALLY CAME AND INTRODUCED HIMSELF. That's never happened in my 36 years of dining. Food is fantastic and honestly under priced for the quality.I predict if it continues as it does, this restaurant will move out of its current location into it's own freestanding building within 2 years. They should as that is the caliber of Rusconi's.
5	I was extremely pleased with both the service and the food. I had a white truffle mac and cheese as an appetizer that I can't say enough of.  The flavor were terrific.  I could have eaten a whole meal of it but was glad I didn't.  The scallop dish was perfect, too. Three large sea scallops seared perfectly on a bed of speatzle and spinach. I also tried the creme brulee for dessert which was also fantastic. ...and to think this restaurant is walking distance from my home.  I will be back.
5	I am so excited to have this restaurant in the neighborhood!  We ate there for the first time last night, and we will definitely be back!  LOVED the green chili grits.  I thought they had a nice selection of wine that were fairly priced.  Not only is the food amazing but the restaurant is beautiful!  You will not be disappointed.
5	What a great place! Excellent food and a friendly atmosphere! We met the owner and Chef outside one afternoon and they were super friendly and invited us to come check the place out when it opened. So we did and they remembered us and treated us with nothing but kindness. This will definitely be our new spot!! Yummmm!
3	We are excited to have a new, non-chain restaurant in the area, but found the service to be slow and our server uninformed about menu. Flatbread was dry and burned on the bottom. We plan on returning when they have been open a little longer and hope for a better experience.
5	We just had our first dinner at Rusconi's American kitchen.  The hostess looked a little sideways when we didn't have a reservation (early on a Saturday night) but greeted us warmly and offered to "squeeze" us in.  We got it when we left and realized that the place was packed with lots of people waiting who probably all had reservations. I had a very hard time choosing an entree because I wanted several of them.  I settled on the rack of lamb with spinach and goat cheese gnocci.  The lamb was encrusted with something and cooked to perfection as was the spinach.  My husband really enjoyed the butternut squash ravioli and my daughter devoured a flatbread pizza.  If you go, the berry empanada dessert  was amazing.  Next time we'll order two rather than one to share three ways.The service was exceptional, the atmosphere inviting and cool without a hint of pretentiousness.   This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  We will be back.PS... I commented that this was good for kids.  I should clarify that this was fine for my kid.  She's 11 and never has issues with fine dining or finding something she wants on the menu.  There were the flatbreads (like pizza) and a mac&cheese on the menu.
3	Tried it with my daughter last night...she has the paella...loved it...I had the osso Bucco...a little dry w/ a weird  candied cabbage side...be nice to have a little bread while waiting on entrees...service a little slow.....nice place....good lighting and temps...hope this place succeeds...we live very close....i suggest more meat and potato fare....not the Biltmore
5	Back for my second trip.  The food was even better than the first time.  The Paella was very flavorfull and more than I could eat.  I think my servers name was Jon and he did a great job.  One thing is he could know the menu a little better, but no biggy.I loved the coconut panna cotta for dessert. It was very light and the server said it had not dairy or flour.\, not sure how they do that but it was really nice.  Wife had the Rack of Lamb Special.  If you get the chance have that because it was one of the best we have had.  This restaurant has only been open for 3 weeks now and it looks to be getting better already
5	Good service from the 2 Bartenders Dave & Zack...The chef came out to chat with us which we always love....Took their menu suggestions and loved everything we ordered from the mussels to the pork belly to the buffalo...Nice decor, upscale & warm, open kitchen, well done concept....Bells beer on tap which if you are from the Midwest you will be happy to see....We will be back for sure!
4	Super stoked when we saw this restaurant was opening at the corner of Tatum and Shea.  A much needed addition to this prime location with few dining options.Walked in, sat at the bar, was immediately greeted by friendly staff and bartender - had a great signature margarita with splash of cran that was fantastic.Short ribs were pull-apart tender and like dinner and dessert in one dish.Sweet potato ravioli was scrumptious, and I really liked that the pasta was layered on a bed of spinach - made the dish very light and I left feeling perfectly satisfied.
5	We were in town last weekeend and made a reservation for Sunday night. When we got there we were  greeted warmly and professionaly. The hostess chatted us up while taking us to our table, personalizing the experience. Our sever came over quickly and started to explain some of the menu items . After receiving our beverages, we ordered our meal. We got the pork belly app, and flat bread pizza, braised short ribs and the butternut squash raviolis'. It's evident Rusconi's use fresh ingredients and home made techniques. The pork belly was tender and melted in my mouth. The flat bread was crispy but not overcooked. It was topped with fresh tomato's and mozzarella. The butternut squash ravioli's come as 3 large home made ravioli's with a corn jus. The short ribs were braised perfectly and were served with a knife which I just put to the side because it wasn't needed. The were so tender and flavorful. Do yourself a favor and don't pass up Rusconi's Kitchen. There's no other restaurant like it near by. There's plenty of restaurants near by but none of the quality of Rusconi's. So if your in North Phoenix make it a priority to get there.
5	We were in town from Seattle and had heard Chef Rusconi had opened his own place.  We had visited him several times at Lon's.  We were so thrilled with our experience!  The service was very good and the food was wonderful and the portions were perfect!  I think people in our "Super Sized"  world have unrealistic ideas when it comes to dining at a Real restaurant with fresh quality ingredients.  We will be back the next time we are in town!
5	Went there for lunch today with some coworkers.  The GM and Chef both stopped by our table to greet and thank us for coming in!  Great service and even better food.  I can't wait to go back and try this place for dinner.
5	I can't say enough good things about Rusconi's! We were excited to see a new local place opening in our neighborhood. We are now there at least once a week and my husband goes for happy hour 2-3 times per week. We normally sit at the bar, watch sports, and chat. The drinks are great and Dave and Zack treat us phenomenal! We have only sat in the dining room once but had a great experience there as well. We like it so much we have brought many of our friends in.The food is Amazing!! I absolutely LOVE the veggie flatbread and order it almost every time I go. I even add the sausage sometimes.  The great thing about it is that it always seems different but tastes great. I love that it is grilled.  A+ flatbreadThe Mac & Cheese is out of this world. So delicious! You can't go wrong here.The Pork Belly is one of my husband's personal favorites as well. So much flavor packed into this dish.We have had many other dishes that have all been tasty and can't wait to try more.We have really enjoyed Rusconi's thus far and look forward to having dinner and hanging out there more.
5	This particular day I was having one of the worst days in a long time.  I wasn't feeling well and I wanted to relax and have dinner with my mom.  So we were in the area of Tatum and Cactus and I decided to Yelp something from my phone.  I discover this fine little establishment with what looked to be a spectacular menu.  I thought, "If they can pull this off, I am in."  Pull it off they did, indeed.  Not only did they turn my whole day around, but I discovered a fantastic new restaurant. We walk in, they place has only been open a few weeks, we were promptly greeted with warm inviting smiles and everyone was extremely friendly.  The build out of the restaurant was really nice and I was excited to sample the menu.  The only problem I could see, was that I could not possibly eat every dish.  I chose the Boneless Short Ribs, which came out so tender and moist and delicious, I was in heaven.  It was accompanies with a Sweet Potato mash, that was 'vanilla scented' according to the menu.  The short ribs had ancho chili chocolate sauce on top, just a light glaze that really brought out the flavor in the short ribs.  The entire meal was delightful with great service and great wine. My mom chose to have the the Butternut Squash filled ravioli which has a delightful sauce over them and resting on a baby spinach bed.  They were fresh made, I think they make everything there.  These were awesome!  The fulling was not sweet, it tasted like they did nothing but puree the squash, simple, elegant and perfect as it is.  Apparently Rusconi's uses local produce for their menu and that insures freshness of each dish they provide.  I would definitely recommend dining here.  I saw they even had a nice happy hour menu also, available at the bar only. My next stop will be happy hour for sure. Keep up the good food and service!
5	This place has great food. Very unique menu.  It is going to be a huge success b/c there is nothing like it around there and of course the food is amazing.  The owner/chef has worked at fabulous restaruants here in the valley.  I think part of the staff needs to be trained a little more.  But I have had servers there that were also amazing and very professional.  They have a cute little fire place you can sit near and is great when the weather is cold. I can't wait until they open up for brunch. BRAVO Mr. Rusconi.
5	Sexy, cool, trendy, artsy but upscale vibe as you walk thru the doors.Delicious, creative, mouth watering decisions as you scan the menu.Beer, wine, bubbles and mixed drinks while you wait for your first plate in anticipation.Relaxing cool music , design and architecture to check out while you chill out.Attentive servers, hot scrumptious food and full satisfied stomachs.Happy full and slightly tipsy couple. Returning is a for sure.LoVe
5	I can not believe how good this place is!  The atmosphere is completely unexpected.  The space is next to a Panda Express, but as soon as you walk in to this restaurant, you feel like you are at a resort.  The service was amazing and the food was even better.  We had a pork belly app, roasted chicken and squash ravioli entrees and a chocolate bread pudding for dessert.  We will certainly be back again and again!
4	You have to try this place. First time was a great time. I can't wait to go back. Everything was very good and fresh.
5	Just tried this place out for lunch since it's near my work.  The food was very good and very fresh.  I enjoyed the lunch selection.  My salad had wonderful fresh ingredients and I felt that the size was perfect.  I would like to go back for dinner or happy hour and see what the selection is like then.
4	New to Yelp, just moved back to the Phoenix area after living in CA for a few years. I went to Rusconi's today for lunch after reading about it and Chef Rusconi's history in the valley. The restaurant was very nice and clean, appealing to the eye and very warm and comfortable. The server explained to us that the chef had done all of the interior wood work himself. Great job! Service was good, menu was nice and simple and my burger and salad was great. $9 for a great burger and house salad.......good price for an upscale and comfortable dining experience. I'll definitely be back.
5	Great addition to the neighborhood!   Nice atmosphere, good service and excellent food.   The Mac and cheese really is to die for.
5	After a distinguished stint at Lon's at the Hermosa Inn Chef Rusconi has opened his own place at the corner of Tatum and Shea.This is the perfect upscale neighborhood restaurant.  Good food-my roasted chicken was excellent, Good service - friendly and knowledgeable, Reasonable prices- absolutely.Check this place out.  It's really good.
5	A perfect combination of family owned and locally grown. Dirt cheap, upscale food all prepped in house.  The restaurant looks great but I have not made it passed the bar. The chef/owner Michael Rusconi has delivered my food on many occasions! A real gem of a restaurant.
4	so happy to have a great place in my neighborhood.Cool AmbianceFriendly ServiceGreat FoodDefinitely will be on heavy rotation for places I go
5	Love the muscles!
5	Excellent food, service and atmosphere. The Chef (owner) delivered our meal and welcomed us. Short Ribs are to die for and  pisole at lunch best I've tasted
5	Everything I love and nothing I don't. Nice atmosphere -- cozy yet modern, very friendly. We got there a little early and sat at the bar. Nice selection of craft brews. San Tan Hop Shock IPA was wonderful. We started dinner with a (shared) bowl of the soup of the day; a delicious squash soup with duck confit. Oh, yes. My pork osso bucco was fall-off-the-bone-tender, the pickled cabbage and asparagus spears were a great complement, and they let me sub in corn spaetzle for the standard garlic mashed potatoes. Wifey enjoyed her squash ravioli, and our 4 friends loved their scallop and steak dishes. Shared two small plate desserts - a chocolate creme brulee and berry empanadas. Really good. Service was friendly and attentive. A perfect evening.
5	I was here for lunch one day in the middle of the week, got seated quickly and loved the atmosphere. I'm vegetarian and they accommodated me quite well. I opted for the  roasted turkey panini but sans turkey. The waitress offered to see if the chef could instead sub zucchini and  yellow squash. It was very delicious and the side salad had a yummy vinaigrette. Overall great service, glad to see this type of restaurant in a crowded area with limited fine dining selections.
4	I normally would not hesitate to give a place two or one stars for very bad service problems since I was a certified restaurant trainer for some time. The dark haired youthful looking line cook made up for all the problems we had and went beyond all jobs he had to do and was a saving grace and deserves to be recognized and made our visit worth going back for. I DO NOTE the waitress wasn't at any fault at all since she was clearly over loaded with responsibilities including seating people while she was over loaded.To keep it as short as possible. We ordered, drinks that almost didn't come out Meals were run out  while after sitting under heat lamp by line cook one meal came out one undercooked so we had to run one back to kitchen, and the LINE COOK ran the meal to me. I am touched and I need to say in general the food in the end was very solid.The dinner items seem to have a little more Wow factor but what we had was good and better than what you get at most places.I hope they get space heaters for next winter because it was a chilly maybe 43 degrees in the dining room just like outside was on Sunday.
5	Hmm, I wrote a review earlier and now can't find it.   Three of us had brunch here today and, again, it was wonderful.   The Kitchen Eggs Benedict was light, beautifully executed and just perfect.
5	I came here for my birthday dinner last week with three other people and it was the perfect pick. We had a reservation and were sat right away in view of the kitchen, which was fun because we got to see all the action. All of the food looked incredible as it went by and it did not disappoint when we ordered! Two of my party got the steak (I forget which one) which came with the most delicious macaroni and cheese that I've probably ever had. My other friend got the salmon that she really enjoyed and I chose the pork osso bucco. I'm not really a pork person, but it looked SO good that I couldn't resist. Wow. Amazing. It fell right off the bone and was perfectly paired with the prickly pear cabbage. Needless to say, we did a good amount of eating off each other's plates and they were clean by the end of the night. Dessert was pretty good. The panna cotta was light and refreshing and the empanadas hit our fried sweet spot. Service was excellent and the decor was beautiful. I can't wait to go back!!
5	Food was good. Service was excellent. Decor was very nice. An all around plus for me. A little pricey for lunch but the service was so good that I was okay with it. Will be back :)
5	Great atmosphere and even better food. Had the cream of cauliflower soup and salmon with fingerling potatoes and husband had the caesar salad and chicken w/ green chilli mac. All delicious!!!
4	Great service and our food was delicious, I had the buffalo steak and it was prepared to perfection the atmosphere inside was wonderful once you get past the 'strip mall' entrance
2	I soo wanted to love this place. It sounded just right. Space is fine, vibe is very nice, decor restful, staff polite ... But:1. I came specifically for the Osso Boco, I was there 15 minutes after start time , at 5:15 pm, & I was told they're out of it & can't make any more for at least 1 hr or 1 1/2 hrs. Say what?2.  After 25 minutes I called the waiter over & asked if we could perhaps have some bread:"Oh, you want bread? We don't serve it unless you ask. "  Say what??10 minutes later 2 slices of stale over toasted French bread appeared. 3. Scallops. 4 for $24. $6 a pop. Nice presentation, but totally over seasoned. Beautiful scallops turned into salt bombs!& not a sign or hint of any gesture of trying to make it better, not have a glass of wine on the house, or how about some dessert on us,  nothing. Not even were sorry please give us another chance. Disappointed!
5	AMAZING Scallop dish!  All three of our dinners were great.  We had a hard time ranking the other two, but Scallops were wonderful.  Servers were wonderful.  We sat at the community table and watched the kitchen.  They were amazing as they worked in harmony!!  Highly recommend this restaurant.  I also recommend reservations!
5	The best meal and value I have had in PV/Scottsdale by far!  I'm in awe at the Scallop plate, and the pork belly was also really good!  I also enjoyed the grey hound they had on the drink menu as well.  All in all, I can't wait to go back.  I just may need to go 2 times in one week!  No, no, I'll wait a week and go back.  That way I can build up the anticipation again!
5	Very pleased with the food quality and quantity with very resonable prices.Had the NY Strip Steak w White Truffle Mac & Cheese and my wife had the Grilled Salmon Blackberry Glazed which both were well prepared.Service was prompt and always met our needs, would have rather sat toward the back then against the front window.Restaurant has good ambiance and is decorated nicely considering it is in a strip mall.Was one of the more enjoyable meals that I have had for sometime.
4	We came for a birthday also and although they aren't set up for that sort of thing they brought out a treat just before the check which was very cool. The menu is unique and we all had great meals but one of the particular people in our group needed to have tartar with her salmon so she snagged the first guy to walk by and it turned out to be the owner and chef who said without hesitation he would make her some. It was like gourmet tartar sauce. There was some other special request by Ms. Particular so she went to thank him after and he came over to the table and chatted. The place is awesome and great for a special occasion or an upscale lunch.
4	Food was really good, atmosphere was nice.  Service was a bit slow, but the place was really busy at the time.  I will be back.
5	Loved it. This was our second time and we will be back again. Their truffle mac n cheese is delish!
5	My college age son and I visited Phoenix during his spring break to take in some spring training games. During our stay we had Sunday brunch and a weekday dinner at the excellent Rusconi's American Kitchen. The food is absolutely delicious.  I believe my statement as I ate was, "this is to die for." The decor and ambiance are inviting and warm. Chef Michael puts his heart, soul and culinary genius into every scrumptious dish. The staff is professional and attentive. Whether you live in the greater Phoenix area or are just visiting, this restaurant is well worth the trip to Shea and Tatum. Just writing this review is making my mouth water.
4	Enjoyed a delicious dinner here last week. Friendly, knowledgeable staff,and good food. My salmon was excellent and my husband enjoyed the evening special - green chili stew.
5	A hidden gem! Popped in for Friday night date night and had a wonderful . Great service, waiter was knowledgeable and friendly and funny. Felt very much like a neighborhood watering hole with a great upscale vibe. We will most defintimeitely be back!
5	I rarely give places 5 stars but I honestly cannot think of anything bad about this place. We had a reservation but they sat us immediately. The waiter was very attentive, the head chef was expediting orders on a Monday night which I was impressed with, and the food was great.I had the pork osso bucco and my wife had the paella; we also had the short rib appetizer. Everything was amazingly done. Also, for dessert my wife coconut panna cotta with diced mango for dinner... again, another amazing meal.I would highly recommend this place.
2	Had a very mediocre experience here. I was really excited to try due to it's proximity to my parent's house. I was thinking it would be a good place for us to frequent. The food was nothing special, my order was wrong, and the service sporadic. Won't be back.
5	Very happy. Good light lunch and nice people that take care of you.
5	Went here for our wedding anniversary and LOVED it. At first when we pulled into the strip mall, I thought, "Hm..." but it was really wonderful. The decor is charming and very well thought out. The design features an open kitchen, which we were seated near, but we never had a problem with too much noise. Our server welcomed us with a "Happy Anniversary" and was exceptionally attentive. The chef, who's from Chicago, stopped by the booth and talked with us for several minutes. The food (I had the Scottish salmon; my husband, the sea bass) was delicious. They've only been open about seven months but were decently busy for a Monday night.The menu is not large but it IS varied - everything from Buffalo Sirloin to rack of lamb, scallops, etc. And the wine list is similarly not broad but excellent. Our server said that on Friday and Saturday nights it's best to make a reservation; we had one for Monday but probably didn't need it. Highly recommend and if we lived in Phoenix we'd definitely go back often. As it is, we're in Georgia and will have to rely on our AZ friends to help keep Rusconi's open. Check it out - you won't be disappointed!
4	Yum, yum, and more yum! We ate outside on a lovely evening. Started off with the pork belly (not to be missed) and the artichoke/goat cheese dip. Great starters! There we three of us: my husband had the skirt steak with to-die-for truffle mac n cheese, I had the pork osso bucco, our friend had the "Kitchen" burger. Note: Skip the burger and go for the other stuff. Ignore the fact that their wood door makes the place look like it's closed and under construction (and the hostesses will tell you that they hear that multiple times every night). Once you get inside, the decor is hip and comfortable. We will definitely be back! (I'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the burger and the door!)
4	Even though I love the food here, I'm a little concerned that this place isn't going to make it.  The food is outstanding, but I think there is something wrong with management.  I was here on a recent Friday for happy hour, and while my bartender was attentive and very nice to me, he tossed a tip in another bartender's face (in front of customers) and called him some choice names.  It was awkward to say the least.  Also, even though the place was relatively empty (except for the bar area) my salad and other dishes took quite some time to come to the table.  My one other negative observation would be that management does not seem to be aware of what kind of alcohol they have available.  I was going to order a delicious cocktail that used Hendrick's gin (which nobody ever seems to have).  When I ordered the drink and complimented the bartender for their gin selection, the bartender looked really confused.  He told me they didn't have Hendrick's.  He wanted to sub it for Bombay, but Hendrick's is a unique Scottish gin, infused with rose and cucumber, so Bombay wouldn't have suited the cocktail.  He made me something else that was great, but when we were looking at the cocktail menu, we found another drink that required a brand of alcohol that they didn't have.  While all of these individual events aren't extremely unusual (coworkers fight, menus get screwed up), seeing them all in one visit is usually a sign that the manager isn't on top of it (especially allowing a bartender to have a dispute with a coworker in front of customers).  In any case, the back-of-the-house seems to have it together because the food is exceptional.  It's like eating comfort food, only better.  It's one of the few places I've eaten at that does grits well.  The roasted chicken salad with strawberries sounds really simple and it is, but it's extremely flavorful.  The sliders are great as well.  I've never had a bad dish here (the Kitchen Platter appetizer isn't bad, but it's definitely average--it's the only thing I would skip).  I think everything is priced as it should be, considering the quality and portions, EXCEPT for dessert.  The portions are pretty darn small considering the cost.  I would definitely visit them during happy hour and stay for dinner.  I hope they are able to overcome their staffing and menu hiccups so they can be around for a long time!  This neighborhood could use some quality restaurants that aren't chains.
5	Hands down the best restaurant in the area. My law partner and I were so happy when this place opened and we often walk over for lunch. The service is excellent and the food is always fresh and made to order. I highly recommend the Kitchen Burger and fries, which for around $10 is the best sit down lunch around these parts.
5	If I was an astronaut and going to get blasted to the INternational Space Station to eat packaged, packet food...and I had one last meal prior to lift off....It would be Rusconi's.Greeted at the front door by Chef Michael Rusconi.Server was most attentive.Drinks very generous.Appetizer (Asparagus soup) was killer.Beet Salad...spectacularEntree...perfectionSide dish of apple bread pudding with blue cheese on top...ORGASMICDesert of Chocolate Coffee ice cream...delishiouPortions were greatprice was more than fair.  Actually a bargainMy wife and I have been in the Vally for 7 years.  This restaurant is one of the best we have ever eaten at.  We eat out three to four times a week....and this shot to the top of my list.Been there twice and both experiences were over the top.Don;t miss it.Larry.PS  The ONLY thing that I thought could use a touch of improvement; the bread was OK.  Easily fixed.  And..bread is full of carbs and I shouldn;t eat it anyway.L O V E D  I T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great diner The other night.  Our second time in a week. Loved the restaurant week menu the other night  they have half price wine nights on Sunday and monday nights. We also Loved the new Cocktail menu.  The grilld pear Martini is the best I ever had.  Had the new Seabass, a lighter spring type dish, the fish was very fresh and cooked perfectly.  Loved the Quinoa with it, you don't see that very often.  My friend had the Rack of Lamb which he said was the best he ever had Mild Curry and Apricot crust was great. She was worried about the Curry but it was very mild and went well with the apricots.  The bread pudding is also new since our last time and we loved it.  This is our 5th time back and it just keeps getting better.
5	It's difficult to find an American restaurant anymore where you are expected to trust the chef.  It's usually pick an entree and pick a side.  Rusconi's is one of those establishments where the chef does not just craft each dish; Rusconi actually pairs the entree with the sides.  This is refreshing.Take, for example, the first meal I had there: the pork osso buco.  It is served with prickly pear-braised red cabbage, grilled asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes.  If you don't like those sides, you don't deserve to eat the pork osso buco.  That's really all there is to it.That may sound harsh, but that is how art should be. (To be fair, I don't know if Rusconi does substitutions.  I was never churlish enough to ask.)I have also had the Durham Ranch Buffalo Sirloin and the Rack of Lamb.  Both were cooked perfectly.One thing I should note about this place is it's not for the person who wants to leave stuffed.  The portions are not huge, but they are satisfying.  This is how restaurants should be; overeating is one of the biggest public health issues we face as a society.  Thank you Chef Rusconi for doing your part to fix this.  I love that I can still go for a run after eating dinner here.
3	I am reviewing this restaurant based on what it's aiming to be: a highish-end foodie destination.  I'm always nervous to try out new places at this price point, so whenever we are lucky enough to get a dinner out on our employers' dime, I get a little more willing to experiment outside my tried and true options.  Like many others that have reviewed this restaurant I was excited to have this addition to our neighborhood, however this place was a big disappointment.  Ambience and servers were nice, which is keeping this place from coming in at 2 stars.  Our waiter suggested a bottle of wine that I didn't like much at all, drinkable but not at all memorable.  We started with the charcuterie plate and the truffled mac & cheese (at our waiter's recommendation).  I get much better charcuterie at a place like Windsor and I found the mac & cheese to be plain gross.  In fact, I think most everyone at our table didn't like it as we didn't even finish the small little dish that was served (but as I said it was a business dinner so no one said much out loud).   The salad course was the best part of dinner- I thought my arugula, beets, goat cheese (ordinary) with fennel and mango (inventive!) was extremely tasty.  Others at the table appeared to like their salads as well. I ordered the scallops at the server's recommendation.  The scallops themselves were the best thing on the plate (nicely cooked, perfectly salted), but nothing else on the plate was very good.  The spaetzle tasted like plain noodles, and there was some spicy red sauce drizzled around the plate that could have been Sriracha sauce (and yes, there is a time and place where Sriracha sauce is a delicious addition, but this was not it).  No one else at the table said much about their entrees positive or negative (which included Osso Bucco and the Buffalo).Finally, desserts were boring.  Maybe we should have ordered the house made ice cream, but we opted for the bread pudding (which they were out of) and the creme brulee.  We got a pot of some other type of pudding/mousse instead.  They were fine. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I was just disappointed all around.
3	Ate here for lunch. Had the salad with  chicken, strawberries and mango over mixed greens. I thought it was a bit small for an entree and skimped on the chicken, strawberries and mango. Also, too much finishing salt was added, any more and I could not have eaten. Good atmosphere though.
5	Finally found our little foodie spot!!!  Love the atmosphere.  The food was great and the carmel chocolate desert in the jar was so good we ordered another.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable and service was great.  You can tell it's managed well by how efficient the staff is at doing there job from hosting to bussing to serving it was all on point!
5	This restaurant really is improperly named.  The one reviewer that speaks about the food being sold out, does need to understand, this is a gourmet chef, using fresh products each day, and so this is not your standard fare, and when they are sold out, they really bend over backwards to accommodate you.  Chef Rusconi generally will come out to meet with the people.The first time I found this restaurant, it was because my friend told me she had found this wonderful restaurant I had to try.  What an understatement!We had the goat cheese and artichoke dip with soft pita bread, and braised ribs over a white truffle and mashed potato blend, with a golden brown gravy.  For dinner, one friend had the N.Y. Strip with the White truffle mac & cheese.  Another friend had the roasted Rack of Lamb.  I decided upon the scallops which were perfectly washed, not a bit of sand, and carmelized perfectly, plump and tender.  Not overcooked as so many restaurants do.  We have since gone many times, never disappointed.  You will not be either.
5	We were looking for a new place to visit.  It was either this place or a cheesesteak place. They opened for Happy hour just as we were walking up and the staff was super friendly.  Had the sliders which were recommended by Bartender Dave, who was incredible. Will most definitely be back for a special occasion.
4	Our first visit - we heard glowing reviews and they were spot on! We started with the Beet Salad wonderfully refreshing, Selected Salmon and the nightly special a prime rib-eye steak both exceeded the expectation. Finished with bread pudding couldn't be any better! Can't wait to go back.The Service was great.
3	No lemonade here...that's odd. I expected this place to have lemonade.Came here with a bunch of friends after church. Very nice and friendly service. They were quick and got all our orders out quickly and efficiently.Not my first choice for this cuisine, but had a nice atmosphere.
5	I had heard mixed reviews, but I gave it a shot and I absolutely loved it!
1	Like other reviewers, I really wanted to like Rusconi's. The chef/owner is makes an effort to greet customers. The same can't be said, however, about some of his staff. My husband and I tried the restaurant on several occasions. We want a non-chain restaurant to succeed in this location. We've experienced lapses in service and the food has been unmemorable. A particular visit particularly stands out. We brought our family to Rusconi's for lunch. The bartender acted very disinterested. We sat for 15 minutes without being offered water or drinks. When he did bring our food order, the food must have been sitting for awhile. The fries with the burgers were cold, the bartender/waiter had mixed up two of the orders, and then there was the posole. The posole resembled dirty dishwater. There was literally one piece of posole floating in the broth. When we asked our waiter to split the checks, he sighed and said it was a "big deal" for him to do so. Needless to say, we won't be back nor will any members of our party.
5	I loved it so much I am still thinking about my pork belly with vanilla scented grits and poblano glaze. To die for. Small-ish place, great service and the food. Oh, the food! A true neighborhood gem!
4	weekday dinner. Sunday& MOnday half off wines!I had short ribs over red wine risotto. Delish! Everyone liked what they got except that filet mignon was a little dry. But that mac&cheese which came with it compensated for it :) Service was great too.
4	The happy hour mussels for $6 were well worth it, great flavor and very fresh.  The sliders were super flavorful and the fries that came with it were great too.  Great value and nice atmosphere.  Very friendly service and nice to see a non-chain restaurant in our neighborhood.  Next time we'll try the highly recommended truffled mac-n-cheese.
5	Tried RAK for brunch last Sunday for the first time.  We only had dinner on our other visits.  The food was great, we had the pancakes with agave and lavender and the kitchen Benedict that is made with short ribs.  Brunch looked slow so clearly it hasn't caught on like dinner has. The service was good, our server was Summer who took great care of us.
5	Last night, four of us had a fabulous dinner.  The staff were friendly and attentive. Even the chef visited our table to make sure we enjoyed our meal.   Food was delicious and prompt.   I had the Butternut squash ravioli which was wonderful.  My friends had sea bass and salmon and there was no food left in the table.   We'll definitely be back.
5	We have eaten at Rusconi's several times now. Every time we have been thoroughly impressed. We have been with larger groups and just for date night. Our service was outstanding no matter the size our party. We have tried different menu items (trying suggestions directly from Michael, the chef) and have never been disappointed. From salads to entrees to desserts we have enjoyed everything we have tried. The servers are knowledgeable about the wine list. The cocktails are typically well poured. Every time we have been to Rusconi's, Michael has visited our table, taken time to talk with us, and made suggestions. It is not a cheap night out but don't' think the prices are unreasonable given the quality of the food and the level of service. It is definitely worth the splurge!
5	I have been here twice and both times the food was excellent!  First time had cauliflower soup and Garlic crusted Rack of Lamb (was the special that time).  Last night had a argula fig salad (appetizer special) and the Butternut Squash Ravioli.  Had a delicious creme brulee for desert.Both times I have gone I had the same waiter and he was excellent.  The first time we were a party of 7, and last time there were 11 of us.  Service was excellent for a large group.
5	This restaurant is just what we needed in Paradise Valley!!  We first ate here July 25th, 2013 & we had a great time & enjoyed the camaraderie with the staff & among the patrons as well.  It's a lively place but not a nightclub.  There is ample bar area seating with a flatscreen TV (where we chose to eat) & the restaurant is larger than appears from the outside.  The kitchen is clean & very organized (& it was humming on this particular night) which is certainly a plus as it is open & visible from most tables.  The menu consists of delectables such as cream of asparagus soup, creative salads & top-notch gourmet entrees (Osso Bucco, Beef Tenderloin, Salmon & a hearty burger).  The bartender also has skills - cocktails range from the classics to the more trendy & there's a lot of them - specialties are written on a chalkboard just behind the bar & are solid & original.  On the particular night we dined (a Thursday night), the place was packed & it appeared they may not have been ready for the onslaught - the staff was thinly stretched but handled the chaos with aplomb.  Our entrees took a little bit longer than expected but we enjoyed ourselves during the wait because of the happy atmosphere with its slightly-rugged decor & delicious aromas wafting about.  The wine list is more than satisfactory & they have an extensive list of top-notch brands for any discernible palate.  Rusconi's will definitely be our go-to place in the neighborhood - with their great gourmet menu & casual vibe, who wouldn't love this place?!  The only thing that would make it better would be some good jazz (like Mindy Abair, Dave Koz or Euge Groove) piped in over a speaker or two - but maybe with all the energetic banter going on in the place, you might not hear it.
5	Super tasty! My wife and I went for a date night away from the baby and had a wonderful time. Wait staff was friendly and funny. Food was just delicious. I had the osso bucco and it melted in my mouth. Wifey had the roasted chicken with green chile mac n cheese and basically licked her plate clean. Will definitely be going back.
5	This place was/is fantastic. I took my girlfriend here for her birthday on the fourth of July weekend and they treated us great. I was in regular contact with the GM and he helped me set up her surprise at the restaurant. I brought a cake in and they jazzed it up for me and made this day special for us. Did I mention the food yet? Delicious! The ambiance was perfect and the staff was outstanding. I definitely recommend this place. (I actually started a yelp account just to share my satisfaction about this place.)
5	Great brunch today. Loved the kitchen Benedict.
5	This is a great value!  Excellent food and a very reasonably-priced wine list.  I'm from the Bay Area and typically see outrageously priced wines outside California. This place was an unexpected find!  Very well prepared food that tasted fresh and perfectly seasoned. When I asked a question about the wines, I received a very well-informed answer.  The chef came by at the table to check on us later during the meal; he obviously cares about his customers.  I will go back on my next visit to Phoenix.
5	I have to say that the dinner we had last night at Rusconi's was by far the best I have had in years.John the server was very attentive, not at all rushy and very knowledgeable.Head Office had the Salmon and I had the Sea Bass, which was the best I've had, even including one I had in Chile!Service was impeccable, the ambience ideal and the wine list was adequate. For Dessert we shared a peach pudding which was made for the day fresh. It was delicious.Very nice restaurant and we will definitely be back.
5	Lured in by the fixed price Restaurant Week menu, we enjoyed a surprisingly fantastic dinner here.  Located in a busy strip mall, we were skeptical as we approached but were immediately set at ease after we walked in. The interior is very upscale with an open kitchen, sit down bar, and is larger inside than what it appeared from the parking lot.  We each tried one of the three appetizers, entrees, and deserts that were featured and were not disappointed with anything (nor was there a morsel left on any of the plates!)  We were able to try the mushroom soup (could have used a little more salt and a fresh herb garnish), corn polenta with shrimp, and roasted beet salad along with the braised short ribs, fresh sea bass, and beef tenderloin medallions with goat cheese polenta.  The wines suggested to go with the entrees were perfect, wait staff was excellent, and ambiance superb.  We will definitely be going back again!
5	Rusconi's American Kitchen is in a plaza stuck between a Panda Express and Corleones.... That's like putting a Porsche between a Ford Escort and a Dodge Neon. There's nothing wrong with either of those cars but... they're just not at the same level. The thing I like most about Rusconi's is that it has a hip, urban, modern vibe without being pretentious. We came in on this day to check out the Restaurant Week offerings. Our server John, a really cool, friendly guy got us our drinks and we were off to the races.I started with the Pan Roasted Gulf Shrimp and Yellow Polenta. Perfectly cooked shrimp, corn, bacon, delicious polenta. Score! My main course was the Braised Beef Short Ribs with Roasted Garlic and Herb Spaetzle. I don't even know what a spaetzle is, but this dish was divine. The braised rib was melt in your mouth tender... and it was meat, which I love. The sherry jus that it's bedded in is so good too, great flavor. Everything worked together nicely.Finally, my favorite part of any meal. Dessert. I went with the White Chocolate Budino. Yup, I have no idea what a budino is either, but again... home run. It tasted like a fancy pudding but with more consistency than pudding. Then there's the caramel and pecans which add to the texture and sweet goodness.Side note: The Chocolate Bread Pudding was awesome too, even though I only got one bite... Best Meal I've had in Phoenix to date. The service was on point from beginning to end as well. Each course was well timed (an art) and our glasses were always full. If you haven't been here, I highly recommend this unassuming gem. Now excuse me while I go Google Spaetzle and Budino.
4	I like this place despite its location in a strip mall. The food is really quite good and the drink list even better. It had a good atmosphere and our service was very good. We had a server that was a bit eccentric, yet very friendly and knowledgable.  He had us laughing and awaiting his return because he was so entertaining.
5	Food was excellent! I had short ribs entree and shrimp palenta appetizer! Both far exceeded my expectations. I will be going back to eat here soon!
5	I chose this restaurant based on YELP reviews and also because it was a choice on Arizona Restaurant Week.  Arrived with a group of 4 people and a baby.  3 of us ordered off the restaurant week menu. I chose the shrimp appetizer (pan roasted gulf shrimp), Australian Sea Bass with roasted fingerling potatoes, and the Panna Cotta Passionfruit dessert. I have to get all my food modified to be made without butter, cheese or milk and still it was all incredible tasting. The Panna cotta was gluten and dairy free. Everyone enjoyed their meal and all 4 of us agreed that we would all love to come back here for another meal.
5	We've enjoyed Rusconi's by ourselves, with friends and with a group.  Always fun and always fabulous food.  The staff is great the food is yummy with wonderful presentation, there are always a few "ooh and aahs" when we get our plates.
4	I would've given this place 5 stars if they did not forget about my husbands entree.  But he did truly try to make it up to us, so we're happy with that. I just didn't like that his reason wasn't truthful.  Hubs ordered the lamb, I ordered the NY Strip, son ordered the cheese pizza.  We started off with the Schreiner sausage and Pork Belly with polenta appetizer.  It was amazing.  The glaze and apples on the pork belly gave it such a flavorful twist.  I loved every bite.  My entree and my sons came out shortly after that.  We were told that hubs meal was on his way.  A couple moments later, the server came back and asked what the hubs ordered, to which he replied, the lamb.  Okay, so this clearly meant he forgot to put my hubs order in, right?  Why would he come back to ask again what he ordered?  For the next 25 minutes, the server came out about 5 times to let us know that his dish would be out shortly.  The server comp'd a beer for him for his patience.  Came out later and said the Chef messed up his lamb the first time and was trying to perfect it for him the 2nd time and that's why it's taking so long - this is when I knew it was a lie because if that were the case, he should've told us that instead of coming out and asking what he ordered.  Finally when I was practically done with my meal, his lamb came out.  Hubs said he was so hungry that even if the lamb was not good, he would still think it was great.  Our server also comp'd us dessert for the trouble (and because we were celebrating our anniversary) - which was a warm chocolate bread pudding with vanilla sauce and berries.  We gobbled that thing up - it was incredibly tasty - warm, moist and flavorful.  Tommy, the server, definitely was great, he was attentive and friendly - it just made me irritated that he just couldn't be honest in saying that he forgot to put our order in instead of saying the Chef messed up.  We would've been fine either way.  We'll definitely come back to this place.  But yes, I gave it 1 less star for lack of honesty even though we had good service and great food.Oh, and there was bread?  We weren't offered any...
4	We really enjoyed our meals here. Almost everything was great. The place is super cute inside and is much bigger than it appears when you walk in.We started with the mussels appetizer which blew me away. This is the first place that I have been to in Arizona that can actually make decent mussels and these weren't just decent - they were awesome! For the entrees we tried the lamb and the scallops. Both were great. The only comment I can make is that the lamb was out of this world, but the scallops were just "solid." Also, the cream of mushroom soup was pretty bland so that is the only thing I would recommend skipping. This is truly a great neighborhood place and I can't believe I waited so long to try it. I will be back soon!
5	Stumbled upon this place and glad we did! Tried the schreiner's sausage and pork belly with grits it was yummy and so were the beef medallions. Nice wine list too
4	I have to say this did not disappoint.  Both out of town buddy and I were very impressed by the service, the presentation and the taste.  I had the salmon that was pretty darn good. But when you ask if the salmon is wild and the server says uhh, well it's sustainable.  Yeah. That means farmed. I don't care if it's from Scotland, it's farmed , and at this time of year get fresh northwest or Alaskan salmon from the pacific.  Wild. I get it at Fry's .  I would certainly recommend to others.  Not very busy but food  out quickly and hot.  Give it a try if you're in Scottsdale     I will be back for sure. Again staff was great and attentive.  If you want to walk out stuffed go to a dump like red lobster. Support local restaurants   My bro said his salad and scallops were great  so really I would make it a 4.5 if I could
5	This place is awesome. Delicious food. Portions are slightly on the smaller side but the quality is so great that it makes up for it. Seriously you cannot go wrong with this one. Great atmosphere as well. Cool decor.
5	Stop by!
5	Chef Rusconi has done a great job with his restaurant.  The decor is nice, service was attentive and the food was fantastic!
5	Everything was fantastic!  Ambience, service, wine, starters, salad, entree and dessert!!
5	This place was AMAZING! I had the salmon, and the chef cooked it EXACTLY how I'd wanted it..after he personally came to our table and asked what exactly I'd meant by "slightly charred"...it was perfect.  My boyfriend had the lamb, and that was delightful too. The pistachio ice cream is definitely a must-try - you can tell its not that artificial junk with food dyes in it. They make the ice cream in house, and it's all natural, amazing deliciousness. The service was excellent as well; from the hostess to the waiters to the chef himself (Mike), this is definitely a restaurant to check out. I will most definitely be back to visit! If I could give it more stars I would.
5	Wow! Mr. Rusconi you genious! This place is quickly becoming my favorite spot in the valley. Have been there 3-4 times and have loved it everytime. The last visit, we got the pork belly appetizer to share and me and the wife got the Beef tenderloin with white truffle mac n cheese and the Lamb Chops with lamb stew (yes!, two big lamb chops in a gravy with lamb stew meat) respectively, everything was just wonderfull. The meat was cooked perfectly, the stew sauce was amazing, and the mac n cheese is heavenly (probably my fav dish here, would eat it everyday if I could :-)). Some might say that the portions are a little small, I think they are perfect, fills you up perfectly without leaving you too stuffed & I find the prices amazing too for the quality & the presentation of food they serve. Yes we'll be back very soon!!
5	Wow!  What a nice surprise.  I'd been by this place numerous times, and it doesn't look like much from the outside (especially considering the two places it's sandwiched between).  But my wife and I were looking for something new to try, so we stopped in for dinner.We noticed it was very busy on a random Tuesday evening - probably a good sign.  We also noticed everybody was genuinely friendly inside: the host, our waiter, the manager.... The decor was nice too.And the food was outstanding.  I started with the butternut squash soup, which I usually am not a fan of but the server really sold it on us.  I was not disappointed at all - it was delicious.  Garnished with duck ravioli and full of flavor.  For my entree I had the scallops.  Again, lots of flavor, served over mashed potatoes and topped with fresh sprouts.  Delicious, and not overly filling either.  My wife really enjoyed her natural roasted chicken and wine.  With our entrees being so good, we took home some bread pudding for dessert.  Overall, very pleasantly surprised.  We'd intended to grab a quick bite, but this turned into an outstanding meal.  We will definitely return.  (And it takes a lot for me to give five stars!)....
5	Pretty nice little place that's kind of hidden in a strip mall. I thought the service was exceptional, and the food was pretty damn tasty. The menu was pretty interesting, I actually had a hard time settling on what to order (which is rare for me). Everything sounded tasty.The green chile mac was the star of my dish, but the roasted chicken was moist and well seasoned as well. And OMG on the chocolate bread pudding. I'll be craving that in a few days.
4	Awesome service and delicious food. Perfect portions. Chef even took us to our table- delightful!
5	GREAT NEIGHBORHOOD PLACE!!!Excellent food, well prepared, varied menu, lots of things to choose from.Very helpful staff. Reasonable prices.We've eaten there a number of times, it's always GREAT!.If you want something simple try the Kitchen Hamburger, ground beef,  goat cheese, caramelized onion, lettuce, and tomato.It will blow your socks off.Chocolate bread pudding is a great way to end your meal.You can always see what's cooking with their open kitchen,and you can even chat with chef/owner Michael Rusconi.
3	Went for happy hour one afternoon when my father in law was in town. The food was great and the $3 drafts were a nice touch. The service was good as well. So, why three stars? The barman literally came up to us when we were finishing up  and asked "so what are you guys going to stick around for dinner or are you going to wrap this up?" The place was pretty empty, maybe 4 other people there and it felt like we were being rushed out. It just seemed stuffy. I get that it's fancy pants, but it's just food. The food was good so I might be convinced to go back for dinner. +1 for keeping our water glasses full+1 for taste+1 good happy hour-2 for snotsdale attitude
5	Excellent little neighborhood restaurant.  Very refreshing to see a thoughtful, interesting menu expertly executed. I'm a new regular!
5	First visit though we had seen it and read about it before. This was the first day of a new menu and there were good choices. The chef and the manager looked at every before delivering it which impressed us. My wife had the hamburger with goat cheese. She declared it great. I had the roasted chicken entree salad which was quite good. We shared posole soup before and loved it. Friend had a chicken sandwich.  We shared an order of berry enchiladas for dessert. There was a house wine special which I took advantage of. Wine was good. We had excellent service. We will return.
5	It was very nice! The food was spectacular and the service was good I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. The kitchen burger was one of the best burgers I have ever had. The lamb chops were amazing and the artichoke fondue was creamy and delicious.most interesting after i return next weak waiter remember me and my preferences
4	Had dinner here for about the 10th time.  It is a great restaurant.  It never fails that I mention 2 or 3 places for dinner and whomever I am meeting says "What's Rusconi's?"  Gasp!  Where were you in 2013?Consistently good food.  Always a couple of favorites on the menu with a few featured/specials/seasonal items peppered in.  Everything is very good.  Prices are really reasonable.We had the scallops and the buffalo sirloin this time with, my favorite, a side of prickly pear cabbage (please don't ever take that off your menu).  Total dinner price for two entrees, a side and (non-alcocholic) drinks = ~$60.  Can't beat that!
5	I can never say enough good about this place!We took friends this time who just loved it.Whatever we order, it tastes like pure epicurean delight.We will always return here.Just looking forward to our next visit.Sara H
1	I have tried three times to go to this restaurant for lunch and all three times they were closed. Once on a Saturday. Once on a Monday. And again this past Thursday. Three strikes and you're out. And yes they serve lunch.
5	The only reason I am writing this review is because I don't live here - otherwise I would hate to share this gem with ANYONE..But I love my fellow yelpers for sending us here.  Top to bottom, what an experience - I had the mussels - wow..started off with the foie gras...super excellent. Kid had beef medallions with the truffled mac & cheese - kept stabbing us when we tried to eat his food. Husband had shrimp & grits - the shrimp tasted superb.  Wait staff was awesome - we sat right by the prep area and the chef (owner?) came over to ask us how our meal was - and thanked us when we left.  On top of all that - we got a nice call thanking us this morning for coming.  What - clearly we are not in Philly...but I wish this place was, because we would have a standing reservation...
5	My sister and I visited Rusconi's last night because of all the great yelp reviews.  Upon our arrival I was a little taken back that a great restaurant could be planted right in the middle of a Panda Express and Corleones.  After I walked through the door I ditched my first impression.  The restaurant was very busy but they quickly got us a table.  We were promptly and cheerfully greeted by our server Tommy.  He was a lot of fun and gave us some great suggestions that we took him up on.  We shared the Kitchen Burger and the Osso Bucco.  Neither disappointed.  The Kitchen Burger had a great fresh taste.  We ordered it with the fries and the lemon aioli that it came with was amazing.  The Osso Bucco was to die for and it was paired nicely with asparagus, whipped mashed potatoes and this delicious prickly pair cabbage.  Tommy checked on us several times throughout the meal and was extremely friendly each time. Unfortunately, we were too full to try dessert but I plan on coming back for that because everything sounded amazing!
5	New Years Eve, Another GREAT Dinner at Rusconi's! Drove 350 miles from New Mexico to have dinner. It iwas a fixed menu OMG (oh my gosh) the staff was over the top. They were booked but John invited us to have dinner at the bar.  Best table in town....David was so charming we kept adding items to order. Don't miss this outstanding dinning experience. Happy New Year 2014.....
5	We went on a Sunday night with our 2 young children and it was a night to remember. From attentive staff to the chef who himself brought out my daughters chicken strips and fries. I had the New York strip with Brussel sprouts and light as cloud mashed potatoes. My husband had the beef medallions with to die for Mac and cheese. My 3 year old didn't care for her chicken strips( were a bit overcooked) but loved the New York strip and Brussel sprouts. It was prepared perfectly! For dessert we split the chocolate bread pudding which was served warm, perfect after a delicious meal. On Sundays, certain bottles of wine are half off as well. Can't wait to go back.
2	We were in Arizona for three days, and unfortunately I hardly had one good meal in this state.  In search for good food for fair prices, we came here.  We got the mushroom soup, pork belly, buffalo steak, their creme brulee, and coffee.  We arrived here with high hopes, which were crushed pretty quickly.  We were sat by the back door which was propped open on a very cold night.  So after sitting here for a little while, I asked for my boyfriend's jacket, and soon after, he had to go to the car to get another jacket so that we would both be covered.  Once we ordered our food, we had to wait a good while before the waiter came with the first course: pork belly and sausage.  He simply put the plate down on the table and walked away.  He didn't say here's your first course, or describe the meal, it felt to me as if he almost threw the plate in front of me.  The sausage was good, but both my boyfriend and I thought the pork belly was overdone, and it wasn't quite as fatty as we usually like.  Next was the soup and the buffalo.  We asked for the buffalo to be medium rare, which it wasn't.  It was cooked to medium with the last one third of it being well-done.  The soup while well seasoned and flavorful, seemed to lack body and depth. Next we ordered coffee, which came to us almost cold, and the waiter never offered to refill our cup.  We also got the creme brulee since our waiter suggested it.  The creme was a trio: a vanilla, chocolate, and a pumpkin.   All three shared two problems: the sugar had been laid on a very thick layer, resulting on a think candy like crust instead of the mere crunch a proper creme brule would have.  The texture was also unpleasant, and it seemed like the eggs had curdled a bit, so it wasn't as smooth as I like.  Moreover, the pumpkin one really didn't taste that good at all. We wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	This restaurant is fantastic. The food is great and the service, outstanding. If I lived in Phoenix, I would totally be a regular of this place.
5	Amazing meal. The hype is real. Service was extremely attentive and friendly. All four entrees were out of this world (osso bucco, blackberry glaze salmon, scallops, and lamb/lamb stew). The whole menu looked appealing. A perfect meal. Don't be scared off by the unimpressive exterior.
5	This was our second visit to Rusconi's and we are still just as impressed. My Fiance once again had the scallops, totally enjoyed them...again, served over pureed cauliflower, which I could have sworn was whipped potatoes, yummy and healthy.This visit I had The Tenderloin Medallions, you could practically cut them with a fork. Served over Rusconi's Mac-n-cheese with truffle oil. Also, grilled Asparagus and carrots. The veggies were done perfectly and if you are looking for a quick snack, grab the appetizer size of Mac-n-cheese, super great! It definitely is not velveeta! Definitely make reservations. This is a bustling, busy place.
4	We found this wasn't the best place for kids.  We'll be back for date night!
4	Just a great addition to the hood!!  I have been to Chef Rusconi's eatery on several occasions and have never been disappointed with the food or the service.  Since I am an "industry insider" I like to just sit at the bar and watch the show.  My wife and I stopped in just after the Christmas Holiday.  Of course we sat at the bar and ordered some apps and cocktails. The Foie with the savory donut was the bomb!  Pork Belly was great also.  Met  a couple seated next us and spent the evening swapping plates.  Was just a great memorable evening!  We have since made plans with the couple to have dinner there again!
5	Found this place on a whim and was so impressed with service, quality of food and general atmosphere. Our sever Tommy was beyond friendly and super funny! With a colleague and we split beet salad, asparagus, truffle mac & cheese (oh my god is this good) and we also got the chocolate bread pudding. Everything from beginning to end was great! I hope to return next I am in Phoenix!!
5	Great restaurant that deserves a better location!  But don't ever go too far away!  Best little Italian gem on n. Tatum.
5	One of the best restuarants I have been to in the area. It doesnt look like anything special from the outside being in a strip mall and between a panda express and another fast food place so im glad someone had recommended we go there. The service is exceptional and the food is very fresh. First time I had chicken and it was so good! We went back recently and I was disappointed t hear they were out of chicken but I ended up getting the grouper special and it was very good!  So glad we discovered this!
2	I really don't understand all the five or four star reviews.  We came for happy hour.  Maybe we're spoiled by the bigger cheaper drinks and amazing food at places like Postino's and other North Central Phoenix restaurants.  We only wanted an app or two, but ordered three because I had that sense we would never make it here again, so thought we should try just one more thing. The place is pretty.  And the base ingredients seem better and fresher than many other places around Tatum & Shea, but that's why we don't eat around here much. :(  Wish we had a reason to, would be so convenient with all the grocery shopping we do around this particular intersection.
5	Went here for dinner the night after valentines day. The dinner was delicious...I even ate the Brussels spouts. Tommy was our server and he was awesome. He recommended some cocktails which we loved- do the Baked Apple. The bartender told me about it and it was sooooo good. Every course was excellent and the service was outstanding. Highly recommended for a nice night out.
5	Second time.  Food is innovative and service  (Tom) is attentive and caring.  Must try.  I understand they have a great happy hour too can't wait to come back
3	I ordered the same meal I had last year and it wasn't BAD but it wasn't as good either. Last year I had the Brunch Salmon plate. (see photos) Last year it was nice and succulent. This year for dinner it was a smaller portion that was cooked just OK and was topped with Blackberry Glaze and oily fried cilantro. The vegetables under it weren't so tasty. I had slightly burnt tasting brussels sprouts a few over cooked carrot slices and one and one half fingerling potatoes. Maybe I'm old fashioned but when I go out to dinner I expect to receive at least a female weight watcher portion of food. That means I expect 4-5 oz of protein, half a cup of vegetables and 3 oz of potato. That one and one half fingerling potato sort of insulted me. Could you imagine having a dinner party and serving your guest only one and one half fingerling potatoes a person?We started with the White Truffle Scented Mac-N-Cheese. It lacked Cheese and wasn't cheesy enough and the Truffle aroma didn't bring anything to the party. The pasta was slightly over done. I would not recommend this dish to anyone.My husband had the Pork Osso Bucco. He said the braised cabbage was very good and the Osso Bucco was seasoned nicely but it wasn't as tender as they usually are. He also said the mashed potatoes were a little bland.We shared a deep chocolate Bread Pudding with vanilla ice cream. I will say the vanilla sauce on the bread pudding was very good. I'm sure the bread pudding was home made but it had a flavor to it that tasted like cake mix to me. I liked the shaved white chocolate topping on it.Service was good during most of dinner but at the end it turned diner style. Our waiter placed the check on the table with a dessert and didn't ask me if I wanted coffee or an after dinner drink. 2.5 Stars
5	Excellent! Great variety to choose from. Wonderful presentation. Knowledgeable waitstaff with helpful recommendations on combination of first & second courses and wine to go with both. Perfect!Delicious everything!
4	Went with friends last night. Actually did starters and wine at home first, so not looking for a huge meal.Busy, moderately loud, had to wait 15+ minutes for our 8PM reservation. Not a problem, though.Our waiter was very attentive at first, but then was a bit hard to find. I think he had too many tables in the busy back.Thoroughly enjoyed our meals. For me, a non-meat eater (and the menu does lean towards meat and chicken), the Ravioli on veggies with Goat Cheese was excellent. Al dente, even needing a knife assist, but not under-done. My wife had the Ntural Chicken dish - looked very meaty and moist. Our friends had the mussels and the Osso Bucco.Let's put it this way - not a scrap left on any plate! But alas, no room for the desserts that looked so good. Maybe next time. And there will be a next time.And a nice bonus - moderate cost. WIth a bottle of wine, $65 per couple, incl tax and tip.
5	Went in here for dinner tonight and will definitely be back!  First off, looks can be deceiving!  When we pulled up we thought it looked pretty small and casual but inside was much bigger and not too casual but not too fancy that I felt out of place.  Our server was Bobby and he was superb!  Great personality, friendly, helpful and on top of everything!  I ordered the tenderloin medallions with truffle Mac n cheese and carrots/green beans.  Melt in your mouth good!  Even though I was full after half I finished it off because it was so yummy I didn't want to waste it.  My daughter got the cheeseburger and mashed potatoes and those were very good as well.  Had the chocolate bread pudding and some Italian custard thing for dessert.  Everything was freaking phenomenal!  Seriously.... Sooo good!  The drinks were interesting... The pear martini was very good but there was a special martini that Bobby made us.  It had Red Stag, pineapple juice, grenadine and smoke.  I've never had a smoke drink before but it was such a cool touch plus it tasted amazing!  Wish I lived closer but I will definitely make the trip up to Scottsdale occasionally for this treat!
5	It's not often I give a restaurant 5 stars but Rusconi's American Kitchen earned one. Recommended by some friends we decided to have dinner here on our last night in town. Clearly don't get swayed by the store front of the building or the fact that it's in a strip mall and next door to a sandwich shop. Once you step inside the door you'll be pleasantly surprised and understand what I'm talking about. The inside of the restaurant has a warm feeling and the smell of wood fire and delicious food will quickly overwhelm you. The acoustics are perfect too. A little noise but not too much and you can easily carry on a conversation.Our group decided on a variety of items on the menu. We started with the Artisan cheese. A generous assortment of meats, cheese, olives and roasted peppers. It was accompanied with grilled crostini. For entrees I just couldn't resist their version of a meatless lasagna. It's nothing like what you might expect. It's a tasty dish with a variety of veggies along with a few sheets of homemade pasta. It was delicious and something I could eat every night!My hubby ordered the roasted salmon. The glaze was sweet and the "mixture of tastes and textures was an amazing combination". Others tried the mushroom soup and commented, "the best they'd ever had". The seared scallops were "incredible" and served on top of a bed of cauliflower puree. Service was exceptional and each one of our dishes was prepared perfectly.This place is a gem. Certainly a winner in every category for me.
5	Wow, what a find in Phoenix!  Awesome variety of the menu of new American classics!  Had the porcini mushroom soup with creme foam and black shaven truffles- yum!  Candy striped beet salad looked awesome.  Had the guajillo braised duck over foie gras and a pumpkin pancake - sooooo yummy! Hubby had the roasted chicken with the green chile Mac and cheese - sooo good!   They also had so many tantalizing dishes such as shrimp and grits, truffle oil Mac and cheese, wonderful salads, cheese platters and appetizers that you can do tapa's style and share!  We went on Sunday, wine bottles are half off - SCORE!!  Great wine selection, another plus, great friendly attentive service, another plus.....dessert, chocolate mousse with salted caramel drizzle!!   Back to the gym after this place!!   Great restaurant, will be back
5	Took my family here for dinner while I was in town visiting... delicious. Absolutely fantastic. Every single bite of every single dish blew me away. The chef here clearly has a taste for the divine. Do not pass this place up.
5	Wow.  I had the roast salmon.  It was so good.  Best I've ever had.  My wife ordered the scallops.  They were even better, though I wouldn't have believed that was possible had she not shared a little with me.The service was very attentive.The best thing was how thoughtful and fun our waiter was.  Our 9 year old doesn't always feel comfortable in a "grownup's restaurant," but our waiter engaged so thoughtfully and nicely with her that she had a fantastic time.  Our other two were also struck, saying afterward that "the waiter was just so nice!"The owner came by the table and introduced himself as well.  He made the children feel welcome and thought of.  He told our youngest that if she didn't find what she wanted on the desert menu, they would make anything they had the ingredients for.Back to the food.  The desserts were great.  My wife got the chocolate bread pudding.  I got the, Hm..., carmel and fruit covered pudding.  It was all delicious.  You wanted to just close your eyes and enjoy how good it was.  (Actually, I did.)
4	Hidden little gem tucked away in a shopping center.  I've been here for dinner twice, and lunch about 3 times.  I love it.  Service is always great.  Food is terrific and the price is reasonable.On my first night dining here, the waiter got my order wrong (salmon instead of lamb...he even brought out the steak knife to cut the lamb).  It wasn't a big deal, and I ate/enjoyed the salmon anyway.  Regardless, he comp'd me for the dish and also gave us dessert.  Class act.  That gesture also brought me back several times after that.I would definitely recommend....I just wish they were in a better location.
5	Thanks to all the yelpers a friend and I had brunch here on a Sunday, when I realized it was in a strip mall I was a little surprised, but once I found the Restuarant it had all the ambiance of a 5 star Restuarant. So welcoming, beautiful, opened to the outside, ski lights, etc. who ever designed this place knew what they were doing. Neither of us were very hungry so we opted to split a crab and egg Benedict. I asked for the muffin to be replaced with spinach. It came with beautiful fingerling potatoes and was simply Devine.  The service, staff, entree, filtered watered, we were even asked if we wanted lemons. It was absolutely delightful. The Chef came out and thanked a party of 8 for coming out every Sunday. It has such a warm, and cheerful environment.
5	Everything we have had here is delicious! We have now been a couple of times, and we loved everything we had. The ambiance and the service are both great as well. We will definitely be back and are so glad to have such a delicious restaurant so close by!
5	An awesome surprise. Driving around looking for dinner while staying at an in-town resort for a weekend stay-cation. I ordered the chicken with green chile mac & cheese. It was incredibly good. Dark chocolate bread pudding for dessert made me a happy camper. Very reasonably priced for the food quality.
5	Awesome food and great service. Portions run small so be sure to get an appetizer if you're hungry.
5	Rusconi's was a great find! We had a large group and Michael Rusconi, the owner/executive chef, was very accommodating. Everything our group ordered was delicious and the service was outstanding. Hannah was our waitress, and she was very friendly and overall made our experience very enjoyable. Will be back again! One of Phoenix's finest restaurants.
4	Amazing duck and foie gras appetizer!!!!!
5	I travel a ton and get to experience some of the best food in the world. Second time attending here and this time I took my Dad. Out of all the restaurants I took him to in Arizona, and I took him to lots, he agreed with me that they were the best. Chicken with the mac n cheese is amazing, great service and underrated among the food blogs and awards out there. See you when I'm back in town!
4	A great neighborhood restaurant if you're looking for a casual atmosphere with a delicious menu.  We stopped in for a happy hour drink and decided to try some of the apps. The bartender made some great recommendations for us, and we weren't let down. Would also like to mention that Dave, the bartender was very accommodating!  He surprised me with a cocktail that he overheard me talking about to my husband. It was a great surprise and definitely made a good impression on us. We'll def be going back for an actual lunch or dinner :)
5	Amazing food!
5	Not a great location, don't love the sign, but once you get past that you are in for a treat.  Great design and atmosphere, only enhanced by the delicious smell that attacks your senses approximately 1 step into the restaurant.  Staff is professional and attentive.  The menu has options with great range and really leave you in a predicament.  We had the salmon and the lamb.  Lamb was really good, but the salmon is incredible. Wine list is fairly priced and has the half bottle option on some great Cabs.  Only recommendation (outside of location and sign), is a shake up of the starters menu.  Kudos and I hope you are here for a long time!
3	Food was good, but I thought slightly under seasoned. Seating is slightly crammed which I didn't care for. Service was very good and it was easy to get a reservation. Nice place for a date and prices were good.
5	Decided on Rusconi's for a group dinner of 6 people; I called the day before to make the reservation. The man I spoke to said they were a little booked, but could accommodate us on the patio; I said no problem. Well, upon arriving the next night, we were told by the hostess that she couldn't find the reservation. I explained to her the conversation I'd had the evening before and almost immediately she went wide eyed and started to apologize. Basically, there had been a miscommunication on their end and early in the day, she had cancelled our reservation by accident.As soon as she realized the mistake, she went to talk to her manager about how to fix the situation. After a little waiting maybe 10-15 minutes (another table had to clear out), we were escorted to a table right next to the kitchen. The restaurant is much smaller than I thought it would be, but it was elegantly decorated and very nice.Right away, the manager sent over 2 of the "kitchen board" appetizers to further beg pardon for the mix up. It was filled with a selection of delicious cheeses, meats, bread and pickled veggies. I was especially impressed with the duck they served, as it was "smoked" underneath an upside lowball glass . Right before they serve it to you, the chef actually takes smoke and pipes it into the glass, filling it up so you can't see the meat. Then, they serve it to you, the waiter removes the glass and you consume. And you could definitely taste the smoke (in a good way).Afterwards, our main courses arrived and all at our table were satisfied. Between us we tried the: tenderloin beef medallions, veggie & goat cheese ravioli, roasted chicken, blackberry glazed salmon and a massive cheese burger. All agreed that the food was super delicious. I can only speak for the beef but it was truly amazing. Easily one of the best cooked pieces of meat I've ever had. Truffle mac & cheese was fantastic too, as were the carrots with a yummy glaze.All in all, a great experience. Could have gone the other way, but Rusconi's handled it perfectly. It's a little out the way for me to eat there too regularly (although I licked my plate clean and it was not a small portion, so maybe that's a good thing). However, I will definitely be back for another special occasion!
5	Wow. The food was fantastic. I loved the salmon. It was a special occasion and the service made the evening more special. Great fun.
5	Total hole in the wall place in a strip mall, but we loved it!  Such a cute place, great staff, good food!
5	AMAZING food and service. Taylor is our favorite waiter. The menu changes frequently and each dish is better than the last. We took our preschoolers with us because it was a family birthday celebration and for an upscale restaurant they were so very accommodating , making the best Mac n cheese for them and even an adorable flower apple plate because my 4 year old asked for apples and Mac n cheese even though it was not on the menu. We also have stopped by for just drinks And desert and the bartender is excellent. Our favorite neighborhood place !
5	Immediately walking in you are greeted and whisked away to your seats (I sat at the bar actually bypassing the Hostess- they are super friendly though)! I have enjoyed many many items off the list. Free range chicken, medallions, over (10) wine dinner pairings and just a glass of wine. And that is where I am right now. No food. Just some wine. Enjoying a great glass of Cuvaison Chardonnay from Carneros... 2013 winery of the year... Try a glass won't you!!!
5	A year and a half later still very tasty! Truffle Mac, short rib, green chili risotto. Fantastic service, with well educated menu. Nice local place to keep on the list!
3	Tried this restaurant for Sunday brunch with my husband.  We both had the chef's eggs Benedict with grits and it was really good.  Their grits are amazing.  We didn't have a reservation so we had to sit outside and it was a little too hot.  It is AZ after all.  There were a few servers serving our table which was a little confusing.  They didn't have any organic or freshly squeezed juices, not even orange juice. In the end, we will probably come back to try their grits again.
5	This is not my kinda place to frequent. However, they produce fine quality dining at a price that isn't going to cause bankruptcy. I had the chicken with risotto. Nice juicy chicken. Well done. I probably won't rerun as I said, these kind of restaurants are not my cup of tea. But if you're looking for a place to impress that lady, by all means.
5	Had a wonderful experience again at Rusconi's - great to have a local spot that delivers top notch service as well as incredible food.
5	We had such a great dinner here last night.  I is a hidden gem. Don't let the signage fool you (it does not seem to match the sophisticated, chic interior). This place is delicious and the atmosphere is terrific. We will be back again and again!!
5	Do not be fooled by the strip mall appearance, this little restaurant is wonderful! I have been there a couple times now, the first time during restaurant week to give it a try, and I was pleasantly surprised. I do not like to give five stars unless a place really wows me, and this place did, mostly from the food and the service perspective. The service was fantastic, and the food was very, very good. You can tell a lot of love from Chef Michael Rusconi and his staff went into the food. Nice size portions, and lot's of flavor, and very well priced. I was expecting an expensive meal, and I was surprised at how affordable it was, great value for what you get. Although the interior is nice, it deserves a structure with a lot more character besides a spot in a strip mall. But then again, the food and service is so good, you forget about the surroundings. This is now one of my favorite restaurants in the valley.
5	Tucked away in the shopping plaza across from Whole Foods by Tatum and Shea is a little gem called Rusconi's American Kitchen.  I happened up this place because after dropping the toddler off we were desperate for a decent meal and some adult time.  I had never heard of this restaurant before and I drive by there often but I saw it had good reviews on Yelp and it was right during their happy hour time.  My husband and I were thrilled with the food we had, the prices were great and the service was attentive.To start off our journey we ordered the American goat cheese and artichoke fondue with wood grilled flatbread.  Talk about creamy goodness that you can't stop eating, this is it.  You want to order this when you stop by, it warms you up and comforts your soul.  Then we tried out the slow roasted pork belly and shreiners sausage with poblano glaze, creamy polenta and grilled apple relish.  I am such a big fan of pork belly, I couldn't resist, the pork belly was crispy and popped with flavor.  Sharing the boneless beef short rib sliders with horseradish cream and smoke gouda, was hard because they're just that good.  Can I also say that I love their french fries!I went back there for lunch not too long ago and enjoyed their roasted beef tenderloin with baby greens, fingerling potatoes, olives, green beans and onions.  So vibrant with color and taste.  I'll tell you what I tell all my friends, try it out!
5	Two words. Hidden Gem. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't judge a book by its cover.
5	Mouthgasm?! Is how I can describe the food. I had the tasting menu which included: Arizona tomatoes with buratta, grilled salmon with blackberry sauce, pecan wood grilled tenderloin medallion and coffee Gelato with biscotti for $40. The staff are very attentive and the ambience is rustic chic. Great for a date night.  Definitely will come here again if I was not from NJ.
5	The food here is incredible! We had the special appetizer, which was bleu cheese stuffed and bacon wrapped figs, the beef medallions and another special, the pork osso buco. Every dish was fantastic. The beef medallions came with truffle mac and cheese that was worth a diary entry on it's own. The only thing I didn't love was the wine selection. I had the only Zinfandel by the glass, sledgehammer and think there are much better choices to put on the menu in the same price range.We will be back.
5	Absolutely AMAZING! I just had dinner there and could not stop smiling with every bite. Our server, Hannah, was extremely knowledgable and very enjoyable. We started with bacon wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese, which were out of this world! I had the sea bass and could not get enough of the Demi glase that it came with! My family are sharers and had to take everyone's food, and boy was that a good idea!! Not one person was disappointed! Very enjoyable experience from start to finish! One of the best places I have been in a very long time.
5	Followed yelpers here after a terrible meal at North.   Our terrible meal was erased,  by great service and a fabulous meal.   Yes,  the strip mall facade is fooling,  once inside we were pleasantly surprised.   We sat at the community kitchen table for fun,  let me tell you....the kitchen manager or expeditor runs a tight ship there. I started with the special salad of the evening,  blue cheese stuffed figs,  wrapped in prosciutto on arugula,  it was a perfect starter.   I then had the salmon,  which was cooked to perfection at medium rare,  hard to do with a thick cut.   It was perfect.   My daughter and husband both had delicious burgers,  not my thing at a good restaurant,  but their Angus meat had great flavor.....And of course who could say anything bad about Truffle Fries!!!!   Other than I finished theirs and I shouldn't have,  but they were too good not to.   After being unable to breath,  I couldn't say no to trying the Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding,  key word for me here was Dark.   It was so good,  yep polished it off.
5	Our second time here and it has been a 5 star experience on both visits.  It has become a must visit locale on our annual trek to Phoenix. Why?  The food is wonderful, the service attentive and the price points for such extraordinarily prepared and delicious food very reasonable.  The owner/chef and his wife show a great pride of ownership and the diner is the beneficiary of their endeavor.  Thanks to Nancy who took our reservation, we were seated at the community kitchen table which allows one to see the prep operation, line chef and waiters kitchen interaction-normally an operation that takes place behind closed doors.  This approach makes the staff much more in tune with the food and the patrons they serve.  Approachable, answering questions about ingredients etc., the proximity to the kitchen operation adds a new dimension to ones dining experience.  (The majority of tables are located away from the action if that's not your thing however.)   We love it and recommend trying it!The food... There were no misses!  Two of us had the set menu, four courses for $40.00 that offered all the most favorite dishes mentioned in the majority of the reviews here.  From the salmon to the macaroni-it was well worth it.  One had the pork tenderloin which was moist and flavorful.   I forgot to mention the fine martinis, try the pear martini!  Bookmark this restaurant, pay it a visit and enjoy a great evening.  Very nice and hardworking owners that deserve your patronage for delivering beautiful, flavorful food at a reasonable price.  Bravo!
4	Holy Happy Hour, Batman! 2 melt in your mouth sliders with smoked Gouda, a side salad & a beer @ just under $10. I'll be back & I'm bringing my friends.!Staff is good, regular @ the bar with his paper is friendly & fun. 2/4 beers on tap are local.
5	Really fantastic service and quality food. We had the short ribs (amazing taste with carrot sauce), drinks, the Buffalo sirloin and the Ravioli. Everything was seasoned to perfection and the drinks were good. The waiter was polite and the ambiance was really calm and welcoming. Really a good value.
5	I have to admit the first time we went, the family were not big fans.  Over one year later, we have been back three times in six weeks.  Most recently, August 6, my wife and I sat at the bar and enjoyed Dave's company along with the Scottish salmon and tuna entrees, Romaine salad and the Caramel topped custard, oh ya and of course a few glasses of wine.  Everything was excellent.  So excellent, we were back on the 13th for exactly the same meal, except we both opted for the salmon this time...again excellent and we were pleasantly surprised with the price.  Thank you for being bringing a great place to the north phoenix restaurant desert!  Highly recommended for dinner and it looks like they have a great happy hour too. Dave is a great bartender-friendly and great service!
5	Ate here for brunch before heading back home this weekend. This was one of the best brunch menus I have seen. They had all the classics, as well as a few specialties. I ate the ginger and lemon pancakes and they were amazing. So much better than normal pancakes, the flavor was out of this world. It was served with hibiscus infused syrup and walnut flavored butter, both added great elements to a usually basic dish. It was very refreshing tasting. Others at the table had the short rib bendict and huevos rancheros. Both of them finished their plates and raved about it. The service was excellent as well. Wish this place was in Dallas!
4	Great service and food.  I'm second time here and I still would come back. That should say something about this restaurant.
5	Green chile mac and cheese, buffalo and salmon. Everything was awesome. Highly recommended.
5	Surprised how amazing this place is considering it is located next to a Panda Express. Best pork I've ever had.
5	This place was recommended to me and I am so glad I could experience it. Every mouthful was outstanding. I wish I could go back tomorrow. I will definitely make it a point to go back when I return to Phoenix. Every dish was superb and created with quality products.
3	The hostess was a bit discombobulated.. But very young. We wanted a low top table but they wanted to sit us at the bar with a hightop table, another employee overheard and gave us a low top table we're seated right away.. The chef made a amazing meal the food was excellent. I had the beef medallions and my friend had the baked chicken and Rice. The portion were very small so I was still hungry when we were done.  Our service was slow took about 10m to get a glass of water and another five more minutes to get our beer & soda. She never did ask us if we wanted another drink. The check in offer was just for brunch :( so I didn't check in. The bar tender was awesome!! Made a few killer coffee martinis.. I took a picture of him so you be able to see who the excellent bartender was... I will definitely return for the awesome great food and awesome drinks.. Nice place! Side note.. The service was not terrible just compared to the chef and bartender service could use help.
5	Tonight was our first time dining at Rusconi's and the food was absolutely amazing. Our waiter Don was terrific and very attentive. We will definitely be eating here on a regular basis.
5	WOW! Service was excellent, food was divine, and atmosphere was incredibly charming. I had the Ahi Tuna and it was as fresh and tender as if I was seating at some seaside cafe (as opposed to being in the middle of the desert). The location is in the middle of a stretch mall / plaza type situation with Panda Express on one side and a pizzeria on the other, which really makes you question it at first. But nope, this is just one oddly placed gem!
5	One of best dining experiences I've had in Phoenix.  Looking forward to my next time there.
2	Truffle fries, gourmet burgers, hints of Asian fusion here and there, and food served on plates with four corners.  This is enough to make some people thrilled about a restaurant already.  However, when everybody else seems to be doing the the same thing, each one needs to stand out in some way.  Rusconi's didn't.THE GIST: Modern American menu / Inconsistent seasoning / Service needs workFOOD HIGHLIGHTSGoat Cheese Fondue with Pita Bread: The fondue was good, the pita bread used to dip it was not.  Our first batch had lukewarm pita bread that had a chewy, dare-I-say microwaved consistency.  After our table finished the first round of pita bread, they were kind enough to offer a second; this batch came out burnt, but this time with a sitting-on-the-counter-too-long consistency.Cheeseburger with Fries: Several members of my party ordered this one, one of them asking for no salt on the fries.  Everybody else got crunchy, but very salty fries.  Her order seemed to have a batch of unsalted fries sitting atop a batch of salted fries, because there was definitely salt at the bottom of her bowl.  The burger itself was unremarkable.Ossobuco: This was the special for the night.  Unlike the fries, it was incredibly under-seasoned and rather dry.  I got it to taste a bit better with some salt, but dry ossobuco is pretty hard to get through as is.  Not recommended.CONCLUSIONIt's trendy, it's big, and it's American, but there are too many places pulling this concept off correctly for me to recommend this to anyone.
5	Check this place out! It's restaurant week and they have a great 3 course menu for $33!!!!!! I had lovely cauliflower soup, fabulous short ribs,and we tried every dessert on the menu. The service is great. I would put this restaurant in the same league as Beckett's or Milagro Grill.........we will be back! Yum!
5	Soooo GOOD! Stopped by for lunch & had the turkey panini with a green house salad. Simply awesome with all fresh ingredients. We splurged and split a bread pudding. WOW! Lovely, classy relaxed decor, great prices, superb quality and John our server was awesome. Cannot say enough positives about Rusconis. Definitely a keeper! You must try Rusconis!!!
5	Stopped by for lunch & had the hamburger with a green house salad and my other half had the turkey Panini  all fresh ingredients. We splurged and split a bread pudding. WOW! This one of the few places where you see quality control out of kitchen, and super service from the cooks who care what he produces to the server who care about customer and expectation.Classy relaxed decor, great prices, superb quality.John our server was awesome. Cannot say enough positives about Rusconi's. Definitely a keeper! You must try Rusconi's!! And We will be back for more!
5	We stopped in tonight for dinner and we were thoroughly impressed!  Nice atmosphere with a small patio, ample bar space with seating and a large dining room overlooking the kitchen.  The service was efficient, friendly and led us in the right direction when making our menu choices.We started with the grilled peach and goat cheese fondue and the amish blue cheese and apple salad...both were delicious!  We shared our server's two favorite entrees - the salmon with blackberry glaze served with potatoes, carrots and brussel sprouts & the natural chicken served with green chili risotto and carrots.  Both were simple, flavorful and downright tasty. We will definitely be back as there were so many tasty items to choose from on the menu!
5	The food was excellent,  hip place. Lucky find thanks to Yelp. We got the fondue and it's so rich and amazing. It's not like traditional  fondue, it's minimalist,  intense.
3	High expectations but didn't deliver.  The smokey Bloody Mary was nasty. I ordered the crocque Madame... Not a lot of flavor. Pork was tough and not flavorful. Dining companion liked the posole and apparently the chili verde was ok - but all of us were adding salt to bump up the flavors.
4	What I can highly recommend here at Rusconi's which is my favorite Chocolate Bread Pudding. All here are good and fresh menu's that definitely you will like!
5	There is some serious talent taking place at this restaurant.   I found this place on yelp when I was looking to find a new restaurant experience. For me this place lived up to the reviews and more. The chef is outstanding and the food quality is  divine. I am always over joyed to see a small business owner putting their personal passion into their work.  The quality surpasses most chain restaurants and corporate menus.I am excited to return! I will recommend to others!
4	We decided to check out a different place tonight. The crab cakes were the best I have had in Arizona. My salmon dinner was great. Anna had a pork dinner with a wonderful cooked purple cabbage.
5	Refreshing, down home servers who efficiently provide the specials, along with prices. Broad menu and you do catch yourself salivating and  staring at dinner eats passing by.  A mistake in a drink order is politely corrected within minutes.  Broad menu options - including short ribs - may remind you of your favorite restaurant, unless you've forgotten it already...Barrata salad, buffalo sirloin, and crab cake were all memorable. Drinks reasonable (thank you.)
4	Food here was great. I sampled several of the appetizers, including the pork belly, short rib, and kitchen board. My main course was the roasted sea scallopsUnfortunately, the meal was well over two hours, with the dinner arriving at around the 90 min mark. The service was great and staff was friendlyWorth it if you have the time...
4	We loved this place!  We sat at the bar and the service and food were both spectacular.  The short rib appetizer was so flavorful and tender- the best I've ever had.  The salmon was perfection!  The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because the portion sizes are a little on the small side... Our plates were licked clean and I would've loved a bite or two to take home.  We can't wait to go back!
5	I will admit it was a rocky start. However after the general manager, Derek, brought us back into the restaurant, we had an amazing experience. The food is amazing, the servers are fun and knowledgeable and we even made friends with our neighboring table. We will definitely be back again and again to see what this amazing chef comes up with.
5	Tucked away in a sort of strip mall (next to Ross and Paradise Bakery...?) who woulda known this place serves some amazing food. The ambiance is very nice and it even has a wonderful aroma that just pulls you inside.  Been here a few times now and I have figured one thing out: everything on the menu tastes awesome (in my experience). Beef, fish, vegetarian...you can't go wrong. What a great chef!  I will keep coming back to try their new dishes.
5	Holy moley, this place is fantastic!My mother and I went here after a really hard day. We were depressed, and a little down. Starting with fantastic appetizer (some sort of beef dish with vanilla potatoes), our mood improved. I capped it off with this fantastic pork dish, coupled with sweet potato risotto. By the time I was considering dessert (I declined, too full), my earlier foul mood was all but gone!With fantastic service and a wine list I definitely want to go back and explore further, this counts as one of the best dining experiences I've had to date. The menu is gorgeous, and I wish I could have tried everything.Nothing improves a bad day like stick-to-your-ribs New American food, fresh and warm from the kitchen. I'm definitely going back here.
3	An average place.  Lively atmosphere and eager service.  The food is what falls short here.  Odd presentations with quality just above Applebee's. Surprised by all the high ratings. No spice. No brightness. No originality. It seems to be busy though, so good for them. Just not my taste. We won't be back.
5	One of the best hidden treasures that I've found in Phoenix.  Truly a neighborhood vibe and a very nice break from the downtown Scottsdale crowd.  The scallops and short rib that we had were to die for.  I've been here twice now and the service is always amazing.
5	This is a food lovers paradise.  It was simply fantastic.  You can really tell they have a talented chef that cares about his food and wants to give you the best they can.  They deliver on that promise.  There is not a better restaurant in this area.
5	This place is amazing!! My sister's family is visiting for the holidays so she made me in charge of picking the restaurant, so glad I found this one on Yelp!  I started with the pork belly appetizer and they had the Kitchen Board.  They were both wonderful! The server was engaging my 7 year old niece while we enjoyed the appetizers and cocktails.  My sister and her husband split the mussels and I had the beef tenderloins with the intention of bringing some home....nope!  I ate every last bit!  We finished with the warm bread pudding and it was to die for!  Fantastic food, wonderful service and a great experience.  I told my sister that was one of the best meals I have ever had!
5	Would you imagine a great restaurant could sit in a strip mall next to a pizza joint and a chain greek restaurant?  Believe it!  Rusconi's is a true gem. I had the sirloin tips while my girlfriend had the salmon.  Now these aren't your ordinary dishes: for example, my sirloin tips sat on a delicious bed of truffle scented mac and cheese.  I also liked that they don't serve over-sized huge portions.  The portions are just big enough so you have room for...wait for it.....the chocolate bread pudding. The service was also excellent.  Our waiter was very funny, offered great suggestions, and always on point to fill our water and wine glasses.We'll be back - but please don't sell out of the chocolate bread pudding.  I need more!!
3	I made reservations in advance and then called to confirm and let them know it was a special occasion.  All was good, just not over the top in terms of excellent service.  The hostess did good, the server did good and the food was 3.5-4 stars.  Salmon was good but didnt have the wild caught flavor of most salmon I've personally caught.  Maybe the salmon they serve is a different species.  No worries. Still very good.  I had the tenderloin speciality prepared very nicely over a grits and feta concoction.  Excellent flavors....just not super hot when it arrived at the table.  Over all setting is nice....nothing super wow in terms of romantic, but comfortable.  Yes, I would recommend for very good food at a very fair price.
4	Everything is so good! It wasn't too loud and too dark. Happy hour, drinks under $10.  The services was really friendly and nice. My burger was like biting into a cloud.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants.  The quality is excellent, while the prices are very reasonable:  one of the best values in town.   Plenty of delicious, creative main courses in the $15-25 range.  The portions are just right, not ridiculously large or small.  Wine prices are reasonable, and some nights get the whole bottle for half price.  Pretty much everything we have tried here is excellent, and we've been here around 6x and tried a range of dishes.  Friendly servers, very nice atmosphere.  Ex-Lon's chef--one of our other favorite restaurants.  The kind of quality, atmosphere and pricing that one wants to go to and yet can afford to go to frequently.
4	This place is awesome, if you want a home cooked meal, or just simply good food.  The salmon was so good and the smell of the wood grill makes you crave for the food even greater.  Can't wait to go back!
3	I was surprised that such a well reviewed restaurant was so quiet on the Sunday between Christmas and New Year's. The salmon sliders were very tasty.  My husband was not so impressed with his Huevos rancheros nor did my daughter like her chicken tenders.   My other daughter did enjoy her pancakes though I wish it was served with a side of fruit or something. Also service was a bit spotty though they were very nice. They did not bring the crayons for the children's menus that had activities that we had to request. My husband also never received his Diet Coke.
4	One of the best restaurant experiences in Phoenix when you include the history and artifacts.
4	This is another place that I'm kicking myself for not trying sooner.I think I need to start a "Thanks to Lisa E." list because here's another spot that I discovered because of her. Truth be told, Rusconi's has been on my bookmark list for a while, but Lisa expedited my introduction to this awesome place.True, it's in a strip mall but they've done a fantastic job with the space and the result is a classy/cozy spot to eat.  Their menu is a farm to table concept with creative entrees using fresh ingredients. They have a small bar which is a fun place to position yourself. They have a good wine selection and the friendly bartenders whip up some tasty hand-crafted cocktails.I had the roasted sea scallops which were good sized, and served with baby cabbage in a delicious glaze.  They have some other amazing entrees....the tenderloin is on my "to try" list for next time. And though I don't eat lamb, I have to admit that their lamb dishes sound intriguing and delicious.This is really a great spot for a date, or a group or family meal. HIGHLY recommend!
4	we were starving and stumbled upon this cute little place for lunch. The service was great and the food was delicious! Fresh and presented beautifully. Even had dessert- chocolate bread pudding - wow. Priced very reasonably for what it was. Yum!
