5	Wasn't a sushi fan until I tried this place.  It is delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for southpark and prices won't leave you feeling like you are overpaying for just for the location.  Big fan of this place.
5	It just keeps getting better. The sushi prepared here by the guru himself is absolutely flawless. This is the only place that can make a roll using brown rice and keep it together. The fish is always fresh, and I am amazed every single time at the level of service I receive. I signed up for a yelp account just to tell Charlotte about this place. It is my sanctuary. A+
5	This place has amazing sushi rolls.  They have all your classics, but where they really hit home is with their innovative house rolls.  Even the garnishes were amazing and beautiful!  I had the Fujisan, an eel and Fuji apple roll with eel sauce and the sweetness and the crunch were perfection.  It truly made my mouth water.  My husband opted for the Omakase, a one of a kind meal where the chef comes out and asks you your likes and dislikes and creates you a signature meal.  From the mango-tuna salad to the amazingly freshly mussels (best we've ever had in Charlotte) to the salmon tartare, my dear hubby was pleased with everything that came on his plate.  Beyond that, the service was wonderful, and everyone was truly kind and helpful.  The chef even came and talked with us for awhile after our amazing dinner.  Too many sushi bars in Charlotte go for the fast and loud attitude, but Sushi Guru is opposite and in the very best way.  Laid back and quiet, it's a great place to have a meal with friends and actually hear the conversation. This will be our go-to sushi place from here on out.  I look forward to trying all the other unique and wonderful rolls on their menu!
5	If you haven't had the privilege of dining at Sushi Guru in South park, then you haven't had the best sushi in Charlotte - it's just that simple. This place is above and beyond Cowfish, Nikko, Eez and Ru-San's - nothing compares to the Guru. Sushi Guru has an amazing selection of speciality rolls, including the Guru Roll (lump crab and avocado drizzled with a signature spicy aioli, flash baked and topped with fried garlic and shallots) and the Buddha Roll (shrimp tempura, spicy crab, eel, avocado with radish sprouts).Of course the traditional favorites are there: California roll, Spicy Tuna, Philly Roll, Salmon, Yellowtail & Scallion - delicious, fresh and beautifully plated in an atmosphere that is both soothing and modern. I've never had sushi this fresh and flavorful before - every roll is handcrafted and served fresh - this isn't like Harris Teeter or Dean & Deluca where you're eating something that was rolled and prepared hours ago - this is the real deal. The staff is extremely knowledgable and very friendly, which is a welcome change to other South Park restaurants where you're made to feel like a second class citizen if you're not decked out in Banana Republic. It's also insanely affordable. You can have a very filling lunch for $12 (the Maki Deuce - two rolls of your choice with a salad!). Compared to Eez where one roll of sushi can cost $20, Sushi Guru is hands-down the best sushi at the most affordable price. The only way Sushi Guru could be better is if they played Hall & Oates' "You Make My Dreams" on an infinite loop. I have a really crappy soul-sucking job and the only solace I find in the average eight-hour work day is within the confines of Sushi Guru - not only is it delicious sushi, but it's also an anti-depressant.
5	hands down best sushi in charlotte. the fish is very fresh, the chef is great, the sake selection is top notch, atmosphere is pretty good, i had a great time dining here and this is now my go to spot (finally) for decent (what yall would call off the chain) sushi. thank god
2	I went to Sushi Guru because I bought a deal from the Charlotte Observer. The waitress was very nice. I didn;t enjoy it very much because I couldn't use the deal for certain rolls. I thought the deal included the food except for alcohol. To me the restaurant wasn't honest about it. I know I am not the only one who experience this because a lot of people bought this deals online. The manager of this restaurant should tell customers who are using this Charlotte Observer deals that certain food item are excluded. I won't go back to this restaurant because intergrity and honesty are very important otherwise their sushi is very fresh.
2	I'm torn on this one. I LOVED the old Cyros, and Sushi Guru has some of the same rolls as they did before, plus some even more inventive ones. While the fish wasn't as good as it had been when it was Cyros, it was still better than most places (though trailing Yama and Cowfish). The problem i had last night was the service. I'm pregnant, and while my MD says sushi is fine when from a reputable place (it's flash frozen in NC, which kills the parasites), I still have to avoid high mercury fish. Since I like to eat a lot of fish, it's important that i completely avoid the fish that are super high in mercury, like tuna. I asked for a roll with salmon instead of tuna. It came out, I paid no attention to it (shame on me- in my defense, there was so much going on with it, you couldn't tell unless you dug the fish out of the roll), ate over half of it, until a different waiter came over with a new roll and said "here's the salmon roll, that one was a mistake- it had tuna". Obviously I was upset- Mercury is VERY bad for fetuses! I asked him why didn't he tell me right away it was tuna vs letting me eat it- he ran off scared, came back, and said he was wrong, it was salmon after all. Well, i dug the fish out of the roll at this point and showed it to him, as it was obviously tuna. he took the plate back to the kitchen, came back, and insisted again that it was salmon (there was 0% chance that was salmon- not even close resemblance). He eventually took it back and had a new roll made for me (not sure where the original replacement went), but I never got so much as an explanation, or an apology. Or even a discount on the check! Summary: the food here is good, but drive past and go to Yama if you have any food sensitivities. There is a complete lack of integrity here- the fact that I was looked in the eye and lied to twice is beyond justification.
4	A very solid spot to stop for sushi! (bet you can't say that three times fast).We went with the Guru roll and split the lunch special (tuna avocado roll California roll). We enjoyed all three but I have to say their Cali roll stood out! It was super fresh and probably one of the best I've had. Their rice was a bit softer than your average sushi rice (making it difficult to pick-up) but the taste was fabulous. The Guru roll tasted very familiar ...that's because it's the same thing as the Press roll (turns out they supply the sushi there too). I would bet that their crunchy roll and their fujisan  roll is the same  too (and perhaps others). I like these rolls but I wish they were a bit more creative and came up with something new and unique to this location. They also forgot our salad but were super friendly so I can't fault them too much on the service side. Next time i'd forgo the salad as it was iceberg bag mix...not a favorite of mine. My total came to $13 for my half ...very reasonable for a filling fresh- sushi lunch. I will absolutely come back and try some of their other special rolls...hopefully ones I haven't tried already at Press.
4	Delicious! Fresh, innovative sushi rolls. Friendly service. The menu was extensive and there are still many items that I'd like to try. I have four mini sushi-eaters so the price was also reasonable! I have only ordered takeout and it seems hopping. I look forward to testing it out "in-person" without the kiddos. Maybe an in-person experience will help it earn a 5th star... The sushi was very, very good, but I have had better in Charlotte.
2	Strike One... 2 Stars.I'm a firm believer in second chances so this won't be my only visit nor my only review.  We started with the Hawaiian Ahi Tuna.  We are huge tuna fans and love that cut of fish for a start in locations like Sullivan's (Ahi Seared Tuna) and we always start with Spicy Tuna nigiri when we eat at Room 112.  This however went horribly wrong.  I'm not sure if something was rancid, but their was the oddest taste to this app.  Pineapple was your basic thin peices that felt canned.  It was a good amount of tuna and appeared to be a great cut but the marinade made it to where we just couldn't enjoy it and only ate about 10% of it.  It was also not prepared in a way that you could enjoy multiple ingredients in one bite.We then had the SouthPark Roll (was a special) and the Guru Roll (their signature roll).  The SouthPark Roll was advertised as having a majo drizzle of some sort, which it certainly did.  Problem was it was strong and totally overtook any other flavors.  It was a more pungent mayo than others and made the roll impossible to enjoy.  The Guru Roll was lastly a huge disappointment because it's their signature specialty roll coming in at $13.  For that pricetag I should have gone with a nigiri of some sort or a sashimi.  This was advertised as tuna, lump crab, avocado with a spicy aioli, flashed fried with fried garlic and shallots. (Will say that $1 went to a charitable cause which I liked so that was cool).  The main thing about this roll was that it was extremely basic and was overpowered by the fried shallots/garlic which in my opinion didn't belong on the roll.  I can appreciate modern interpretations and creativity with sushi, but this just didn't work.  It was like having the canned fried onion pieces, only greasier.  While many of the ingredients of both rolls were classic of the sushi most people know, the creativity actually hurt them.When we return, we will try new rolls and a different app.  I'm truly hoping it was just a bad night.  Otherwise, I don't think this restaurant will last more than 24 months.  With Cowfish being very successful and .5 miles away, also with it set directly beside Rooster's...  and it being a pricier district.. the quality just didn't line up.
2	Beautiful place, really really delicious sushi, but made me sick IMMEDIATELY. Sick all night long and felt terrible all through the following day. Not cool, sushi guru. Not cool.
5	the lunch we had was delicious! service was great & bento box came with a otn of food.  price was really good too.
4	I went there on Sep 01, 2012 with my gf. The Sushi was very tasty; the Ceviche is a MUST for raw fish lovers! We also had the Southpark Roll and it was very good, fried sushi so it's a little unhealthy but at least it's filling (unlike normal Sushi). The Rainbow Roll was not bad but I wouldn't repeat it. It's a bit small restaurant but the atmosphere is nice and quite; and prices are not bad for Sushi at all. Overall, I'm a fan and would go there again
5	Best sushi in town, hands down! Sit at the bar for a very friendly & interactive experience. Or choose a table for a quiet dinner. Whatever you order will be amazing. You can't go wrong here!
3	The sushi is amazing here.  The service needs a little help.  Been there a few times recently and have never been attended to upon walking in.  Someone either makes us wait at the front (not sure why) or tell us to seat ourselves-- which is fine.  But then there is always a wait for menus.  If it is really that hard to deliver menus to a table when people enter, maybe just put menus on every table.  It's such a simple thing but when you are ducking in for a quick lunch and 5 minutes are wasted before water or a menu is delivered, it's terrible.  Once attended to the service is good and the food comes out fast.  And again, the food is great.
5	I went here the first time last night and can say I have not had that good and nice of a time in a long time..The place is beautiful and the server Brandon had perfect timing at all times. He knew we had never been there and offered all the help  we needed to order just the right things to enjoy.Which we did 100% each roll we had was better then the last ....Just a great time and place...
1	My boyfriend and I ate here one Friday night for dinner. I made reservations but I certainly didn't need to because the place was dead. We ended up sitting outside since the weather was perfect. The service was horribly slow. While we were sitting there we saw a couple go in and about 15 minutes later walk out with the manager chasing after them apologizing that no one had come to take their orders.I got the Guru Roll and while it was good...the only thing I could taste was the garlic. This place is way over priced as well. Our bill came out to over $80 for a salad, two rolls and two drinks. Save yourself the hassle and just walk next door to Rooster's.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte!  Try the Guru and Fujisan.  Small quaint atmosphere, half priced bottle of wine and sake on Monday nights.  We go several times a month.
5	Until another restaurant proves otherwise, the best sushi in Charlotte. The freshest and best quality sushi in the area, and I've eaten sushi at a lot of places in Charlotte.  I used to go when it was Cyros and was a little bummed when they closed. But I'm glad they came back with a new name but the same menu, especially the Hamachi Jalapeno Roll.  The Omakase is a cool way to let the sushi chef show you the freshest fish of the day.Its kind of small so might be busy around dinner time, but there are normally seats open at the sushi bar. Like most sushi places the check can escalate quickly, but Sushi Guru is worth every penny.
5	After getting numerous recommendations about CowFish something or other I decided to go there, when I went in I was greeted on a Wednesday night by a 45 minute line so I took a chance and went across the street to Sushi Guru.  I have to say it was some of the most amazing Sushi I have ever had.  The chef (owner) at the bar Cy was very helpful and the Sushi chefs working with him were funny and very conversational, which was exactly what I was looking for.  Cy made a special salad for me that wasn't even on the menu and was even better than what I asked for! I can't say enough good things about this place. Small (quaint) seating area but it gives a very intimate feel to the place.  I had the Southpark roll, the Hamachi Jalapeno roll and the Guru roll.  All three were amazing in flavor, although, of the three, the Hamachi was my least favorite. I highly recommend this place and I will definitely come back the next time I am in town.  Thank you Cy for an amazing experience and I can't wait to see you guys next time. Oh and by the way the waitress was great, never left my glass empty and stopped by just the right amount of times to check on me.
3	After reading the other reviews, maybe I went on a bad day. After arriving, I waited as the door, as the sign says "Wait to be seated". After a few minutes I peaked inside, no hostess but the sushi chefs said sit anywhere. After a few minutes, I was brought the menu, which offers a lot. I decided to try the Guru Bento Box, get a taste of a few different things. In addition, I ordered the miso soup, with had no flavor, very bland warm water, not worth it. The guru roll was god, but very heavy with the fried shallots on top, and the other items, sashimi, tempura shrimp, salad was ok. Overall I thought it was ok, nit bad, but not a 5 star sushi choice in my mind.
3	I was passing through town on my way to South Carolina for sports business, as usual and was craving sushi so I went to the Cowfish. There was a 2.5 hour wait, so I decided to go across the street and try Sushi Guru. I actually walked past the place because it is in the right corner of the building.I was quickly seated seeing their was hardly nobody there at 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. I asked the waitress the heat difference between the spicy tuna and extremely spicy tuna. She responded with "It's hot." I thought to myself, duh, but what would the heat level be compared to? Anyways I got the extremely spicy tuna, Philly, crunchy, and California rolls. The extremely spicy tuna was hot but not what I'd call extremely hot. The Cali roll was a Cali roll, and the Philly was a Philly, nothing special. The crunchy roll and rolled in potato chips and fried instead of tempura flakes. It had an interesting taste and was pleasing. They are a sushi bar that loves to pack the cucumber in their rolls which overpowers the flavor in your mouth. The big negative is they don't have a fountain soda machine, They serve you cans. Don't know if they charged by can like Ru-San's because I only had one, and the waitress checked on me twice in the 30 minutes I was there. That's bad seeing the final 10 minutes I was there I was the only one there.Overall Sushi Guru is O.K., and is a good backup plan if you wanted to go to the Cowfish and they have an eternal wait, and in need of a sushi fix.
1	Let me tell you why this place got this review. One: two dollars for a can of warm Coke? That's cool. Two: food came out in waves of what seemed like 15 minutes, friend got his entree at the fifteen minute mark, then my friend got her two rolls at the thirty minute mark, and finally, mine came at the incredible 50 minute mark. How do I know this? Time stamps from my phone's messages. Three: waitress came by to pick up friend number 1's finished food and when asked about where the food is, she responded with, "we had to catch it so it would be fresh!". Bitch, if I wanted an update on Deadliest Catch, then I would've watched it on the tube. No apology, no nothing. Cue her walking away briskly. Four: after said question, "where is my food?", people behind me get their food (yup, you guessed it, they came in after us) and then it appears the entire sushi bar including the line cutters or whatever the hell you call them, take a shot. Finally get my food, and it must've taken 15 full slices with a knife, equating that each slice of the fish was roughly 3.33 minutes apart. Receive the check, and charged full price. Oh that's cool. BS. There are no amount of words that can depict how angry this place made me.
4	I've always  knew that there was a sushi restaurant near South Park but I never really figured out where it was... oh...it's inside the building, behind Roosters! My husband and I decided to try it out on a Friday night.  It wasn't very busy (which can be worrysome  - it is a Friday night!) and we were seated right away. We started off with the salmon pizza, which was fun and tasty.  We also had the Guru Roll with lump crab.  Anything with lump crab piques my interest.  Our server was attenative and came by often. I was glad to find someplace other than Cowfish in the area for sushi. We'll definitely be back!
5	Really delicious!  Skip the hour long wait for Cowfish and enjoy the Fujitsi Roll, Guru Roll, octopus carpaccio and Treehugger Roll.  We will absolutely return!!
3	Another solid sushi spot for us in Charlotte.  I love the creativity and the variety of offerings.  I had a the low carb roll and dynamite roll specifically.  Both were well rolled and very flavorful.  They will also do brown rice rolls if you so desire.Our server was very friendly and quick to serve which was a nice plus.  The interior of the place isn't anything to really get excited about but the seating is ample and comfortable.I wouldn't put SG on the top of my go-to list but it's certainly top 5!
2	Unfortunately, not a fan... I've only ate their once and that was enough. We stopped in to Sushi Guru to snag some dinner before the fireworks around the 4th. The place is small and lacked any type of ambiance but if the food is good, that can be overlooked at a place. Our server was attentive and spot on, which was really the only reason to award 2 stars.The rolls are your typically prices, with a cheaper side of the menu and a pricier side with $ 12 -18 rolls. The drinks however were quite pricy and they were not doing any specials. I opted not to spend $5 on a beer and instead just got two rolls. The sushi wasn't bad but nothing special... here's where the 'I'll never go there again' claim comes in. We watched the fireworks, grabbed a few drinks and went home. I ended up getting physically sick that night and my guy asked how much I drank... seeing how I had two beers before we retired, I knew it had nothing to do with alcohol. And I would have brushed it off if it wasn't for my guy getting sick later on in the night. And my calling my friend Krysten and her telling me, yep I threw up as well... all 3 of us had the shrimp tempura roll so it was easy to ID the culprit. I know this doesn't happen to everyone but I wasn't impressed with the place beforehand anyway and the food poisoning of course sealed the deal.
4	Excellent sushi, especially since we sat at the sushi bar. Though it was a bit hard to see the rolls being prepared because of the glass design. We would absolutely return.One downside: Sodas are canned so refills aren't free.
3	Basic sushi spot, nice setup for decor,  but nothing special. There are too many sushi spots in Charlotte. I went here on a business lunch meeting , I'll have to go back.
5	There is good sushi, and there is sushi guru. Fresh fish, warm sushi rice, creative inventions - this is hands down the best sushi joint in the Carolina's. You won't get burgushi here, but you will get some damn fine sushi and sashimi. Try the ceviche!!'
2	I'll spare you the details but the service was less than subpar and I even gave it a second shot, got the same waiter... And he still operated as if he was in his first day of training. Long story short. Good sushi, cramped environment and service that was seriously lacking.
5	The sushi is better than Cowfish and the service was great. The Guru roll was delicious! I would recommend this place and will return again!
4	I absolutely LOVE Sushi Guru.  I am a big fan of sushi and think by far this is the best place to get excellent sushi.  The only reason I didn't give it a higher rating is because it is a bit pricey.  It is better than Cowfish and a lot less crowded.  I have never had to wait for a table which is a definite plus.  I, too, believe this is the best place to get sushi in Charlotte.
4	Sushi was very fresh and enjoyable. Would recommend the spicy tuna. The miso soup was good and they didn't skimp on the tofu. Service was good. Will go back when I'm in the southpark area again. The only thing I disliked was they didn't have a large selection of specialty rolls.
5	OK, so I've lived on the Left (aka West) Coast and had Sushi bars on virtually every street corner. Sushi is omnipotent out West. Take my word for it. So I like to think that I've had some of the best Sushi on this continent, especially when going to So Cal. So when I finally went to Sush Guru, that I've passed for like the 3 years I've lived in this area, I could not believe at just how AWESOME it was!First off, it's a Monday. I purposefully went there because I heard the lines can be crazy on the weekend. I've been eating really good and clean lately, and decided that I was in the mood for some good sushi, so I said, why not Sushi Guru? I needed to hit Southpark Mall for a new Shun Sushi knife (I need that like a hole in the head but what the hell), so I stopped her for dinner first.My GOD am I glad I did!!! I sat at the Sushi Bar and chatted with Maurice and Bao, the two Sushi Chefs working that evening. They were very friendly, and gave me the scoop on how they do sushi there. I told them it was my first time there, and they recommended the Sushi Guru Roll, which is their signature dish. So I fully trusted them and rolled the dice.Let me describe what heaven on earth tastes like. First, it is a Tuna and Lump Crab with Avocado drizzled with a spicy aioli, then flash baked and topped with fried garlic and shallots! OMG. This thing was friggin AMAZING! Honestly, as a big guy, I could have eaten like FOUR of these things it was that good! So I asked what else they had? Bao recommended the Hamachi Jalapeno Roll. This roll also was amazing, though not quite as good as the "to die for" Sushi Guru roll. But it won an award in Charlotte for "Best use of Jalapeno's" and I see why. It was a very clever and creative way to use the wonderful pepper to its maximum potential. An award well earned!Then Bao gave me 3 "hot" sauces to try. He warned me that they were monster hot. I told him that I can handle heat. So first was their Mango Habanero. I've had many incantations of this bad boy. But this one was very well blended and, while hot, was balanced and flavorful! The next was their "scorpion." Even hotter, but again, well balanced with heat and sweet. A few drops on the Jalapeno roll and I was humming. Finally was their GHOST pepper sauce. This one I WAS reluctant to try. Ghost peppers like melt steel, SO.......here goes nothing.....Voila! It was amazing! Hot? You bet! Burn your mouth hot so you no longer feel your tongue? NOPE! Now, that is assuming you KNOW HOW to eat these uber hot sauces. Just a dab will do you! I dipped my Jalapeno roll ever so lightly in each of the three sauces and found each to be truly amazingly complex with a great FLAVOR profile! Normally, and especially at these Wing places, they overwhelm you with HEAT! Not here. They balance the super heat with sweetness and while you CAN feel the heat, it's not deadly. Just take small quantities and you'll enjoy the FLAVORs of these great peppers. They REALLY know how to utilize the potential of these normally "too hot to eat" peppers and make them EDIBLE! WOW!My server Ina was from Ukraine and we chatted about the turmoil in her homeland, but she was ever so friendly and very attentive and professional. Overall, this is, BY FAR, THE BEST Sushi place that I have tried in Charlotte! I've got to say, that the Sushi Guru Roll was one of, if not THE BEST, sushi rolls I have EVER Tried! And that is saying a LOT as I've eaten a LOT of sushi rolls out West. This is one you MUST try! Even those who say they don't like Sushi would love this roll!Easily a 5 out of 5 rating for moi! Can't wait to try their other offerings, especially their Omakase experience where the Chef treats you to a montage of Sushi.UBER Recommended!
2	The place is pretty empty the sushi is just ok. I like my sushi traditional and good  and not lots of thinks on
5	Very friendly staff! I always come back to this restaurant whenever I am traveling for work. The presentation is always beautiful. I love sitting at the bar so I can watch them make the rolls. The food is better than CowFish. My server was very attentive and recommended rolls to try. I had the Guru roll with Crab meat and they didn't skimp on the crabmeat. The owner came over to make sure everything was good and he was very friendly and polite. I would highly recommended this restaurant if you are in the area. Some of the freshest sushi I have ever had.
3	Not great service and we went at 4:45. Sushi was ok nothing great. I didn't like it. The other people I was with thought it was ok. I probably won't go back.
3	Yumm Yumm Yumm - delicious sushi!!At first you think its just in a shopping center outlet, but then you walk in and the atmosphere is quite sophisticated. Even inside they have some artworks and paintings on the wall, that you could even buy - like an art gallery. Best Tip about this place: They don't offer non-alcholic beer and some other drink options, however you are allowed to go across the way to the other restaurant (Rooster's) and bring back any drinks that Sushi Guru does not offer - pretty sweet and accommodating of them!!
1	Sushi was average at best. Poor service. Hoping they will straighten out the issues at the restaurant.  It's a shame because of the great location. Try Baku or Cowfish.
4	Took awhile to get our food even though it isn't very busy. Also, they forgot about our appetizer so it came after our sushi, but otherwise good. I had the guru roll (delicious) and the gardener roll (my new favorite)!
5	If you're looking for a casual dinning experience, delicious sushi and friendly service - Sushi Guru is your place.I've been here a few times, and it's always been a good experience. So far, everything I have tried off their menu has been great! My favorites include the Sashimi Pizza, Hamachi Hottt and quite a few of their specialty rolls. I also like their miso soup because it's not overly salty. The last time I was in, I was pregnant and couldn't eat any raw fish - they offered to make any roll of my choice with the fish fully cooked. I got the Salmon Lover Roll and loved it with the cooked salmon! I'm not the biggest fan of the sake cocktails, though I did enjoy drinking some of the flavored sakes they offer. The restaurant is relatively small and the first time I ate here was with a group of 5 on a Friday night. We had a little bit of a wait; but the food, the cozy ambiance and good service made it all worthwhile.
2	Hmm. Definitely one of the stranger names I've heard. Usually "guru" is associated with technical prowess - and rolling sushi is more of an art form than technical, but who am I to judge?The inside of the place is nice enough, and service is friendly, but not quick in any way, even when no one else is there. And when I say no one, I mean no one. I mean perhaps even a sushi chef, because a simple roll took forever to come out.Once it did arrive, it was good enough, but I don't know if it was worth waiting as long as we did. I have no problem waiting (within reason) for something worthwhile, but this was just a little insane.
5	I've been back to Sushi Guru now about 8 times. Each and EVERY time I get their Signature Sushi Guru roll, just tempting them to have an off night. Well, they haven't! That roll STILL IS UBER AWESOME! I've tried now for months to find a BETTER sushi shop. Please IF you know of one BETTER than Sushi Guru, PLEASE let me know! I've tried Pisces, Enzo, Ru San, Room 112.....all really good, but none better than Sushi Guru. Maybe because that Guru Roll is so DAMNED GOOD? It floats my boat.Before you tell me your Sushi place is "better," please make sure you've tried the Sushi Guru Roll so we can compare apples to apples, OK? I really am looking for competition to this place......just to see IF it can be beat. So far Sushi Guru is the UNDISPUTED HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF CHARLOTTE! WOO HOO! :-)
5	Me and my boyfriend have been looking for a great sushi restaurant and YESSSS WE'VE FOUND IT! Parking is pretty packed around 7:30pm on a Friday night and It is a little small BUT the sushi is AMAZING! We were seated within seconds and we chose the bar. The entertainment was great and we haven't even ordered yet. The Chefs were really talkative and great at multi-tasking. The service was amazing and our server was really funny and knew how to sell his sushi. I Chose the GURU ROLL!  The best DAMN roll I have ever tasted! Another recommendation from the comedian server of ours was the SOUTHPARK Roll. You have to try the Guru and the South Park roll to satisfy your night. The last thing you should try IF you have room in your stomachs is the DONUT ROLL which looks like a roll but fruity and delicious! The cocktails called the Green Hornet and Watermelon was amazing. It tasted like paradise! Very clean and also a great place for family. We will be coming back! We have found our favorite sushi spot in Charlotte! And yes it does live up to the expectation of Best sushi Restaurant in Charlotte!
5	Damn good sushi.
5	Great service, homemade chili sauce made to your heat level, fresh sushi, and Hall & Oates on the speakers! Perfect! Try the Fuji apple sake and the spicy tuna rolls!
5	My boyfriend and I were in Charlotte for the night before the Panthers Game last weekend, and we were so thankful for Yelp. We found Sushi Guru and decided to have dinner their. Great food! all of them. Signature Sushi Guru roll was amazing. I had Umeshu (Plum wine) and I love it!
3	I've been here twice now. I think the sushi is reasonable.  Not great, but it's a reasonably ok option if you are craving sushi.
4	Came on a Thursday evening with a big group (aka my family, 7 people) and it wasn't crowded at all. The server was enthusiastic and to make things easier we just got the All Star Combo where we got to choose 4 specialty rolls and chef's choice: 16 pcs of nigiri and 9 pcs of sashimi. We had one person allergic to shellfish, so we were able to sway the chef's choices and we weren't disappointed. The only critical thing for me was the red snapper nigiri was chewy, but red snapper isn't my favorite choice anyways. We got to try the best of the basics - salmon, tuna, escolar.We enjoyed the meal and the specialty rolls were pretty good, but not something you can't get anywhere else.  Good place for moderate priced sushi and good service!
3	I have this place another shot after a year hiatus and was very pleased. Food was great and service was awesome. Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because one of the sushi chefs repeatedly coughed and sneezed. Ha
3	Came for lunch and it was alright. The tempura roll that they had on their lunch menu was amazing- best tempura roll I've ever had! I got a tempura bowl off of their lunch menu also and it was soggy and the choices in vegetables were unconventional and also there was no rice in the bowl. Everything was overpriced- especially for having a lunch menu. The waitress we had was nice to us but there were two people coming in and she said that they "always bitch" and the other staff were using profanities in front of customers. Only reason to give them a 3/5 is because the sushi was THAT good.
3	Finally made it out for sushi in Charlotte. We chose this place based on all the good reviews, I would say it was decent. It's in a funny mall with seating inside and outside. We had 3 rolls, all not too big to eat, generous and fresh. The search for the best sushi continues!
1	This USED TO BE my favorite sushi/Sashimi place UNTIL I went there and ordered my usual sashimi fix and decided to add Toro to my plate. I ordered my favorites: Hamachi, Spanish Mackerel, Salmon, Maguro, Uni, Scallop, and a Sushi Guro roll. The waiter returned and informed me that they were out of Uni, so I added Toro to the mix. When my plate arrived, as usual, I went straight for a piece of Hamachi. It was perfectly fresh. Next, I directed my chopsticks for a piece of Toro and realized it was very pale in color (something I've never seen in the 28 years that I have been enjoying Sushi and Sashimi). I popped the piece in my mouth and tasted something else. No, it wasn't a beautifully marbled piece of Maguro. It was more like another piece of Yellowtail (Hamachi). It didn't seem right so I placed a piece of Hamachi and a piece of the so called Toro that was served to me side by side, and low and behold, they were identical, but sliced in a different way so as the color pattern on the fish were not in the same places. When the server stopped by our table to check in to see how our food was, I informed him about (what I thought was a mix up), showed him the two "different" pieces of fish, he agreed with me and apologized for the sushi chef's mistake. I said I was disappointed, that it was ok, but that I wasn't going to pay the price for Toro when it actually was Hamachi. The server said he completely understood. Moments later, the lead sushi chef/co-owner, Cy, came over to our table in a huff and questioned what the problem was. I explained the issue and showed him the fish comparison. He VERY RUDELY said what he served to me was indeed Toro but Hamachi Toro. I stood my ground (in a nice way) and refused to accept his BS. Please, if there was such a thing, I would have had it before. I moved to Charlotte from the NYC Metropolitan area less than 2 years ago. I've had sashimi at some of the best Japanese Sushi/Sashimi establishments in the US and have NEVER been offered Hamachi Toro, nor have I ever seen it available on any menu before. I even went as far as googling Toro and read nothing about Hamachi, everything revolved around Magoru when it came to Toro. After Cy stomped away from our table in a bigger huff, the lovely wait person came by and actually apologized for the way our party was treated by one of the owners. We finished our plates and our drinks, paid the bill ($150+ for 2 people, each having 1 Saporo, without Toro and without tip), left a generous tip, and walked out of Sushi Guru for the last time.
