5	The pimento cheese is amazing. I've never had it this fresh where every ingredient popped. I need this by the pound and spread over everything.
5	This woman run kitchen is amazing. Head chef Amy ane sous chef Rachel are some of the most talented chefs in Charlotte, men or women. It is week one of this new restaurant, so I'll update after a few weeks of opening.
5	Lets see, locally used organic fresh ingredients with 2 business owners that met in the industry and have a combined 30 yrs. in the kitchen! I'm a foodie, so off i go to Flipside Cafe, btw its only been open 1 week! So I originally wanted to have Breakfast/Brunch, but I was told that it was lunchtime. So I stayed and had lunch, WOW!!!! I didn't expect to be knocked off the proverbial ladder. I had the special, BBQ Chicken Sandwich and Pan Roasted Potatoes. It didn't appear to be much as the chicken and the ingredients seemed to have gotten lost inside that AWESOME BUTTERY/GARLIC BRIOCHE BUN. Wait for It-- Flavor City 101!! In the time I was there I witnessed a very new business owner, Amy, I didn't get a chance to meet Jon, run the front of the restaurant w/ tireless enthusiam. Out of the 7 people, including myself, these were the items ordered: 3 Chicken Sandwiches, 1 Hamburger, 1 Open Faced Turkey Plate, 1 Turkey Chili, and 1 Shrimp (Soy)Chorizo and Grits. Everyone was asked how they enjoyed the food, and the overall consensus was on par w/ my opinion. Thumbs Way Up, Awesome, The Best I've had, one person just shook their head and gave Two Thumbs Up. Bravo Flipside Cafe, you're on the way to a bigger location, sooner than expected! My name is D'Shawn and will definitely be going back to visit!
5	The food is well prepared using quality ingredients by a dedicated new owner and chef.  The atmosphere could use a little help, but the food and cooking talent is exactly what Fort Mill needs.  The meat loaf  isn't the norm; it's excellent.
5	Had the 5 buck chuck and potatoes. Was excellent and flavorful.   Cute little place tucked away in a strip of shops. Can't wait to go back and try one of the other great dishes they have to offer. Saw several other delicious meals coming out for other tables. Service was great.
1	My wife and I live nearby so we were excited to check out the new Flipside Cafe. We walked in on a rainy Sunday morning and found that every table but one was occupied. There is no waiting area and no sign telling patrons what to do. While waiting to be greeted, I briefly sat down at the only open table just to the left of the door (a 6-top). A waitress came bounding over shaking her head and saying, "No no no no no." I explained that I had no intention of taking such a large table but was just resting for a moment and she walked off. It's hard to verbalize how uncomfortable the situation was but my wife and I were very taken aback. Not only was the waitress quite unpleasant but the cafe is very small so the scene attracted a lot of attention. A second waitress came over and explained that the open table was being reserved for a party, which we understood. The wait would be 15-20 minutes. Considering our disappointment in the way we had initially been treated and the fact that there was no waiting area, we opted to leave. Unfortunately we had a zero-star experience but the food did look very good. We will likely give Flipside one more chance.
2	Daniel and I must've gone to The Flipside Cafe on the exact same rainy Sunday since it looks like we got the exact same crummy service.  I, too, was so excited to see a fun, new place opening in Fort Mill, and the fella and I went with his parents for Sunday breakfast at 10:00 a.m., right when they opened.  Luckily, we beat the rush, but that didn't make service any better.When we walked in and said we had 4 people, they had to figure out whether to seat us at a 6-top or put two 2-tops together.  There was only one other group of 4 in the restaurant, and I thought it was odd that their seating was so limited.  They sat us at a 6-top in the back, and after some seat adjusting, we were perusing the menu.Our waitress took the drink orders for only 3 of us, and the 4th had to shout after her that he'd like some water.  It took far too long to get our coffee, and then it was only half full.  Among the four of us, we had orders for two waffles, one pancake and one Eggs Benedict; after literally 30 minutes, some of our food finally came.  They said they burnt one of the waffles and had to redo it, which I appreciate, but I just couldn't figure out what took so long when hardly anyone else was in the restaurant.The menu was creative, and the food was delicious, which is where the two stars are coming from.  Our waitress hardly ever came to check on us and never refilled our coffee without us having to track her down (it's in carafes on the counter, so we should've just refilled it ourselves).  When one of us asked for "hot coffee" since what we were getting was lukewarm, our waitress had a bit of an attitude and said, "Well, it was hot when I poured it."  Nice.I'll give The Flipside Cafe one more chance and hope this crummy service was because they haven't been open that long, but my hopes aren't high.  Bummer.
5	I've been back to the Flipside cafe four times now and I will definitely keep going back until I've tried everything on that inventive and exciting menu. Every dish I try is even more delicious than it sounds in writing. So far I've tried the lobster quiche, pasta with chicken, open faced turkey sandwich, potato side bowl (omg good) and had a soy chorizo sausage and eggs with smoked paprika breakfast. I can't say enough about the food, nothing like it around. Ok so the service could be a bit better, but there is no way an amazing and unique place like this with such a passionate and talented chef should be forgotten over lukewarm coffee and the fact that it's a smaller intimate space. Run, don't walk to the Flipside Cafe and keep this sweet local upstart going!
5	Had dinner at a new place in Fort Mill and wasn't disappointed.PROS:Excellent food.Wide variety of choices.Cozy relaxing atmosphere. They support local farmers. (Try the Kale)Good service.They appreciate and listen to customer feedback.CONS:The Country music playing almost made me lose my appetite.
4	Great pimento cheese grits and brunch in general!  Only con was they served pancake syrup instead of maple syrup. Overall it was great and we will be back.
5	Just moved to Fort Mill and didn't know of any breakfast places in the area so we found Flip Side on yelp and gave it a quick try.Food was delicious! Good variety on the menu with lots of local produce in the mix.  Great addition to the Ft. Mill area, look forward to going back for a weekend brunch.
2	My husband and I went for a late breakfast (they open at 10) on Sunday to check this place out. There are not that many breakfast places near me so we were excited. Although they open at 10, there were already 2-3 tables seated so that was good. Did not need to wait! I would say there are about 12-15 tables in there and the cafe is on the smaller side.  I might give the place another chance once they get the swing of things going but I was not too impressed. I wanted to be! Again, think service and food will get better but its not there yet. The service was not super friendly, which I dont need, but a smile would be welcoming. The coffee comes out of a thermos that you pump out the top which is fine if it keeps it hot, but it wasnt too hot. Maybe thicker mugs would keep it that way. We ordered the house made ricotta with fruit and walnuts which was different, but I was surprised that the ricotta had lemon and herbs in it. They forgot the honey, which I think it was supposed to come with, so I asked for that and added it and it tasted better.My husband got the cinnamon waffler (slightly underdone so just not crisp enough) and I got the eggs benedict. There are two eggs, which it did not say on the menu so that is good! However, they were overcooked so not runny. The hollandaise was delicious, however.I do applaud the fact that they support and use some local products. I am glad that the cafe is in this location though because it seems like lots of familes are taking advantage of it.
4	On a whim my husband and I decided to go to Flip Side Cafe for Sunday brunch.  I was nervous because 1) they are relatively new and 2) the reviews on Yelp are mixed.  However, we had a perfectly pleasant meal and found the waitstaff attentive and friendly.When we arrived there were plenty of tables available and we were told to sit wherever we wanted. Our waitress came within moments to let us know what kind of beverages were available.We spent a minute or two looking at the brunch menu and when the waitress came back with our drinks, we placed our order.  The food was out in quick order.  I had the poached eggs while my husband had the grits and gravy biscuits.  All of the food was delicious and cooked to perfection - the pimento grits, in particular, were creamy and wonderful.  The waitress was very friendly and came by to check on us a couple times while we ate, refilling my husband's coffee each time.Don't be fooled by it's humble location (in a strip mall) - it's good food at decent prices!  We will definitely be going back to try the place for dinner.
5	Great spot for any occasion- especially Sunday brunch.  Pimento cheese grits were my favorite.  Great focus on local farms and ingredients.  Best new spot in the area!
4	yes its small, yadda, yadda, but the food was really good. Amy was sweet and try shepherds pie or salmon. will return again.
5	Quick update: the service issues are much better. Great friendly new faces in there lately :-)
5	Dined twice last week. First, was breakfast on a weekday.  Liked it so much we went back for the brunch on Sunday.  Great meal and very friendly atmosphere.  Looking forward to having lunch sometime soon.  Will definitely be going back for brunch!
5	Great food, friendly staff, reasonable prices. All the ingredients are sourced from local farms. The menu is very creative, and there isn't a dud on the lot. The Shepherd's Pie is delicious, and the meat loaf is wonderful. We also tried the sweet potato ravioli and the pork belly appetizers, and they were both mouth-watering. Can't go wrong here. Highly recommend The Flip Side Cafe.
2	I went for dinner on a friday night, just my husband and I.. We were in the area and had heard about Flipside being a fresh, new restaurant that served food from local farms and thought we would try it. We walked in to a tiny little cafe, with randomly sized tables scattered everywhere.. Some full of people, some dirty, and some empty. There wasn't a hostess stand.. just a stack of menus on the nearest counter and someone from across the cafe greeted us and told us we could seat our selves.   There were a lot of different size tables and all very close together.. We chose a 2 top near the cafe counter and looked at the menu that only had food listed on it. No drinks anywhere. Nor was any of the meals described in much detail.. Just... Meat + Sides + Price. The Waitress came by took our drink and food orders.. She returned with drinks, but no silverware... I snagged my own set from an abandoned table next to me ( it was so close, I didn't even need to stand up ) The food took a pretty long time to come out.. and in the meantime we watched as random people trickle in and seated themselves, and  our lone waitress serving them all while other people working in the cafe bringing plates of food out awkwardly, and having to maneuver themselves thru the tables and serve people.. It was weird and seemed really unprofessional. Finally my food came.. It was good, nothing to complain about! I had BBQ Half Chicken, with Spinach and Mac N Cheese.. Once I was done, we inquired more about the ingredients and technique to prepare the food and the waitress had no idea what to tell us.. She repeated what was listed on the menu and then came back later to offer us slightly more info about the BBQ sauce having honey in it..?  It was laughable, but no harm done.. My final opinion of the Flipside cafe would have to be that its just TRYING too hard to be something It can't. Maybe Breakfast or lunch is better? But trying to eat Dinner in such a cramped space, with "gourmet" prices and untrained/casual service is backwards and confusing.
5	My first trip to Flipside a few weeks ago did not leave me with a great impression because of a rude waitress. I subsequently received a message from owner Jon advising that they had made improvements in service and inviting me back for a second visit. I had already planned on giving the new restaurant another shot because the food looked excellent so I stopped by with a friend in town from Winston this past Sunday for brunch. There was no sign of the aforementioned waitress (my lucky day?) and both servers were very friendly and informative. I ordered the Benne Benne, which is a slightly modified version of eggs Benedict with regular bacon instead of Canadian bacon and is quite delicious. My friend had the lobster omelette, which he loved (I noticed several other diners licking their plates after finishing this dish as well). We also split the Carolina Grits, infused with amazing pimento cheese and topped with bacon jam. Several of the prior reviews mentioned that cold coffee was served from thermoses. This situation has apparently been rectified as my coffee was refilled a few times directly from the carafe and was just as hot as you would want it. Though I didn't get a chance to meet her, I did see owner/chef Amy personally deliver a few meals. She was somewhat of a celebrity to those who had clearly been to Flipside before. I really, really enjoyed my second visit to Flipside Cafe. It is a quaint restaurant with great food in an area starved for dining options. This experience was good enough to make me forget about my first and I am excited to return with my wife for dinner in the near future.
5	Do not overlook this excellent local restaurant tucked away in a strip mall.  They have a great inventive, fresh and locally sourced menu.  We had a fun and enjoyable dinner by trying multiple small plates, and a couple of desserts - all excellent.   Service was also excellent.   We'll definitely be back to continue working down the menu.
5	Amazing! I had 2 apps: pimento cheese with pretzels and brown butter ravioli. I can't say enough good things about the pimento cheese. My husband had the salmon and loved it. Everything was delicious. Great atmosphere and helpful staff. Plan on coming back with friends for dinner.
4	This small sized cafe has big heart. The owner and head chef, Amy, is personable and caring. Her menu showcases tasty southern classics with a twist. The white cheddar Pimento Cheese dip, Potatoes Brava, Mac and Cheese meatloaf, and Chop Salads, and the Shepard's Pie are some of my favorites. The Flipside Cafe supports and purchases produce from local farms which is another reason to feel good about coming in. Since it is such a small place it can get a bit crowded during lunch but it's a friendly atmosphere and I would definitely recommend it to friends nonetheless.Amy and the staff are really great!
3	The fella and I ventured back, this time for dinner on a Wednesday night now that they're serving wine and beer. While the food was still really good - Shepherd's Pie, pork belly appetizer, and warm greens salad - the service was slooooow. Our waitress was MUCH nicer than the one we had at brunch, but it took forever for her to check in on us. The fella had an empty wine glass for a good 20 minutes and had just stood up to walk over to her and order another when she finally noticed and ran over.When we first go there, there were 4 other tables she was waiting on, and she seemed to be the only waitress. By the end, it was just us in there, and we were still having trouble getting service. But at least she was friendly. Sigh.
5	Went here for breakfast for the first time. I ordered the lobster omelette and it was delicious. And, our waiter was wonderful. We will definitely return.
5	Love this place! My husband and I just moved to the area, and stopped in because they were open for brunch and had good reviews. It definitely lived up to them! We've been twice now, brunch both times, but their lunch and dinner menus look awesome as well. Try a dish that involves the pimento cheese - trust me. It's their specialty and you won't be sorry :) It's a small place that fills up fast, so if you're going with a bigger group (4+), I would definitely call ahead. Service is great, friendly and on top of things. It's definitely going to be a place we visit regularly!
5	Excellent lunch experience!The 5 Buck Chuck was off the chain & I am not a fan of Pimento cheese! Roasted potatoes for the side were flat out good!I especially liked the melted sugar water they being you with unsweetened tea so you can make it exactly to your preference. If there is one criticism, it would be not to expect a quick lunch. Worth it though!I shall be back!
5	my wife, son and i stopped in this past saturday.  we fell in love.  will definitely be returning.  yum yum yummy.  a must try.
5	OK....I forgot to check-in this place but man o man is this place what every food establishment should be like!!!The lady helping us that morning was super nice, think she was the owner, and went above and beyond to make sure our experience was wonderful and it was!!!I had to SOY Chorizo dish and it was OUTSTANDING!!!!Wish it was around me where I live!!! Will for sure go back when in town again!!!
5	Great brunch!!  I had a lobster omelette.  We were in a rush and they got our orders out very quickly and were extremely nice.  Will definitely go here again when I'm in the area.
4	Call the U-Haul, pack your bags, get a new job and relocate to Fort Mill just so you can be close to Flipside Cafe and eat there every single day.  That's my plan and I hope you follow me.  This cafe made me so very happy and I wish there were more of them around Charlotte.  Seriously, it was awesome on so many levels.  Where do I start...I love them because they are local and support local farmsI love them because they are no frills--just solid food, friendly serviceI love them because they serve beer, wine and coffeeI love them because they have fresh ingredients, made to order (finally a place that asked how we wanted our burgers cooked which = NOT FROZEN)I love them because they have a white bean hummus served with local bread, lightly sprinkled with butter that makes you want to backflip.  We had a party of 4 and ended up ordering 2 because it was that good.I love them because they are reasonably pricedI love to love them.They have great menu options from soups to salads, burgers to meatloaf, desserts, etc.  We tried the turkey chili, flipside salad (avacado, bacon, roasted chicken, blue cheese, citris/vinegar dressing), pimento cheese burgers and of course the white bean hummus.  We didn't try the desserts but I will say we saw apple pie a la mode being served to a neighboring table and it looked divine!  Carolina Creamery is RIGHT next door if you would want to get a scoop of icecream instead!  Friendly service, excellent quality.  I will be back!
4	Cool environment, really nice staff. A lot of locally sourced farm ingredients. Menu seems to change occasionally, but most of their dishes all sounded good. Definitely recommend their muffins
5	Good food at good prices.  The daily breakfast for $5 is a really good meal for the money.
5	We had a great breakfast at flipside. We tried the potato brava first (delicious) then went for the lobster omelet and blt. They both came with a side of fruit. It felt like everything was made with care. Our server, Josh was friendly and attentive. I love the ambience.  I would definitely come back.
5	I can't believe that we haven't been here sooner! This adorable cafe is everything Fort Mill needs. The flavors were on point and everything cooked to perfection. This is the cafe I've been waiting for. The service was great and friendly. The pimento cheese is delicious, complex, and real. Real ingredients adding up to a really amazing meal.
5	This is a great little place! The pimento cheese and bacon grits are amazing. It's a little hard to find but well worth it. Amy, the owner, does a great job and is very friendly.
5	If I lived in Fort Mill, The Flipside would be my go-to morning spot.  Locally sourced ingredients always get a thumbs up from me.Onward...to the food:Buscuit and gravy.  I've had better buscuits, but the gravy was out of this world.  I wish I could remember the type of sausage they used in the gravy, but it tastes similar to an Andouille gravy.  The grits were like no grits I've ever had.  I wouldn't have known they were grits if they weren't labeled as grits.  These were the cheesiest I've ever had...and they had the consistancy of mashed potatoes or a thick rice.  Very, very, very tasty.The bacon is a bit different than the store bought bacon I'm used to.  Good, but different.The eggs are really where The Flipside wins me over.  I normally like my eggs over-easy, but decided to take a stab at their scrambled.  Making an over-easy egg is easy...but scrambling eggs is an artform.  They nail em here.  Slowly cooked on low heat and not overcooked.  A+The inside is a handful of tables and a couple of taller ones with stools.  Nothing all that exciting, but it's tastefully decorated and the simplicity is what makes it so nice.  It's small, but not a hole-in-the-wall.  Try:  Everything I mentioned (the meatless chorizo is pretty nice too)
5	Well, I can't say more positive things to say about this place. I travel all over the world with my civilian and the military job...this place is like no other, a jewel.This is my second visit, the first time I ordered the buck chuck burger for $5 with fried potatoes and it was phenomenal. On my second visit I ordered the Amy's Shepherd's Pie. It was so delicious!! I hated grits...well no more. The small plate of grits was so ridiculous good that I will return tomorrow for brunch just so I could try them again. The fresh squeeze lemonade was really good. My other friends ordered the meatloaf and the BLT, they rated them at 5/5 stars.This place is a jewel!!! I'm a fan after two visits.
5	Everything was great, especially the meatloaf with potatoes and gravy. Probably the best gravy I've ever had.
3	Too expensive for breakfast.  I will admit they have excellent grits. But scrambled eggs are the same everywhere. It came with a biscuit & gravy but the biscuit was dry with no flavor. Good coffee. Then the bill came. $8.60!  I'll stick with waffle house or the Ft Mill family rest.
5	Fantastic service with quality local ingredients and unique gourmet takes on southern classics. Go for lunch and get the $5 buck chuck! This is a locally owned, independent restaurant with an award winning chef.
5	Great little place,  an awesome find. Fresh food.  I am not much of an omelet person but I had to order the lobster omelette when I saw it on the menu. It was very good my only suggestion to the wait staff was possibly put cream cheese in there because omelets can be kind of dry sometimes. she immediately brought me a bowl of creme fraiche and that is what I needed. Staff was very very friendly food was fantastic. This is definitely a place I will return to
4	Came here for a Sunday brunch at around noon.  it's fairly small and was packed when ago there but no wait.  While sitting there I could see most people only had to wait a few minutes before getting a table. I guess due to location the traffic in and out was steadyService.  Not bad but not great.  I feel the cafe needed one more server. I could tell the two that they had were in little overwhelmed.  This caused a delay in our table being cleaned off and for my coffee to be forgotten about. But the servers were pretty nice and did apologizeFood. Really, really good. I had the Flipside Breakfast which was cheddar grits, 2 eggs, bacon, and biscuits with gravy.  The eggs and bacon were ok; I felt the eggs were scrambled a little too hard and the bacon was too rubbery.  The grits and biscuit made up for it. The grits were so smooth. The gravy on the biscuits were AMAZING.  Best gravy I've had in a while. They have the biscuit and gravy as a side so try it if you get something else I also had a pancake on the side (yeah I'm a fat kid). That was also really good. I wish I had two.My girlfriend had the lobster omelette and she enjoyed it. I had a taste and thought it wasn't bad. It was a little overcooked honestly. I liked my breakfast more. It seems the cafe turns into a little bar too at some point. They had a surprising amount of beers listed.I really hope they open a place somewhere in Charlotte. I think they could do pretty well if it's a good location.
5	I loved this place.  The food was great and the atmosphere was very homey feeling.  I had the pretzels with pimento cheese, the 5 Buck Chuck hamburger and the asparagus and kale salad.  All three made me want to come back for dinner.  Very pleasant and attentive wait staff too.
5	I stayed in the area for an event for work. The group of 9 of us ended up getting lunch and dinner here two days in a row. Literally my favorite thing about Fort Mill, SC. We loved it, meat eaters and vegetarians alike. There was a great salad with caramelized peaches, the Bibb salad, we raved about the meatloaf, the burgers, and the shepherds pie. The pretzels with the cheese suave as appetizers were to DIE for.The whole place is super cute, the owner is friendly, and the food is amazing/fresh/local/delicious. Definitely check this place out!! If you're going to be with a group, call ahead. They can get a little crowded but if you have to wait, it's worth it.
5	We came here based on the Yelp reviews when we were in town. So unbelievably good and the service was outstanding.
4	Always busy- always tasty food. Fills the gap for good, local food in this area. Ditch  the fast food joint & stop in for a delicious brunch or lunch. They make a mean cup of coffee & have some decent beers (in bottles) too!One of the owners, Amy, is always out & about - serving food along with their friendly, proficient (but small) staff. Cool & clean place.
4	I love eating here from time to time. The food is great and always a nice place to eat if your in the area. The only issue is that there menu never changes. It's always the same thing over and over again. Maybe they can switch it up a bit so we all have more options. Just a thought.
4	I got the 2 eggs, grits & biscuit with gravy. The eggs I ordered scrambled but it was more of an omelet & it was over cooked. I didn't like it but those grits with cheese were the best grits I've ever had. The biscuit with gravy was also amazing so that made up for the eggs. I was stuffed anyway & didn't even need the eggs.
5	I recently returned from a deployment traveling roughly to 10 countries mostly in Europe and the Middle East along with 10 different States in the U.S. During 30 days on the road, I visited countless of restaurants, none of them come close to this place. I know that sounds ridiculous, but trust me, the Flipside Cafe is a unique place. I'm the hardest critic when it comes to food having worked at multiple restaurants during my high school and college days. This is my 3rd visit and I'll continue to stop by until I try every single item on the menu. This time I ordered the squash bisque soup, simply AMAZING! A fascinating dish with balanced and mixed flavors. I also ordered the shrimp soy chorizo over grits. What can I say, I hated grits all my life until trying the ones at the Flipside. The shrimps on this dish were tender and juicy mixed with chorizo over grits, which added another kick to it...ohhh the grits, did I mentioned I used to hate grits??I can't forget about the customer service..it was simply outstanding; dirty plates won't stay on your table for too long, they stop by often and yet it is not too often that it becomes a distraction. It's noticeable they care about their customers...great timing for food coming out of the kitchen. Superb job by Amy, I'll be back!
4	I happen to like this place a lot. The chef uses local foods and he has perfected the taste of the food but why wouldn't he lol they never change the menu it's always the same and really that's all I'd change in this place get some new menu items once in a while and you would see your return customers much more often. Brunch is a very fun time here so I would recommend you try that for sure
5	Outstanding visit, went on a Saturday afternoon and it was busy. Server was very nice and informative. We ordered an open face turkey sandwich and shrimp and grits. Really liked that they used unique, fresh local ingredients. Entrees had great flavor and were very plentiful and very fairly priced. We will definitely be back.
5	It helps that Flipside is a hidden gem in an area that has few good options. But add to that the friendly and knowledgeable staff (shout out to Andrea!), the owners on premises working their tails off, and OMG fresh food, I'm not telling anyone about my new fave lunch place. Oh wait....Anyhoo, I had the squash bisque, perfect for Autumn, and the mushroom ravioli. The mushrooms were divine. Coworker had meatloaf Mac & cheese and he raved. Other coworker had the chuck burger and says is coming back to order it with the potatoes (note: chuck burger special is a la carte so you must order the side separately). We all decided we're going back to try so many other things on the menu.
4	Fun little menu and the small plates were good. We had a bottle of wine and a few small plates and were good to go. Shrimp tacos and the pork belly are pretty delicious. The pretzel and pimento was just ok for us.
5	Very impressed!!!!! The family and I were wanting a quick breakfast before the Panthers game so we went to crackel barrel and they had a 30 minute wait. I immediately jumped on yelp and saw that the flipside cafe was a mile away. We went and I am so happy! We found our new spot! Customer service was amazing! Loved that the food is local and it just tasted so darn good!!! I had the Benne Benne and cleaned my plate! We will be back!!!!! Found out they have lunch and dinner too so can't wait to try!
5	Easily one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Service was attentive and efficient.  Food was fresh and delicious. I ordered the waffles and fruit and my husband ordered the flip side special and we were both are very impressed and pleased with the quality and taste of the food.
5	The small, unassuming cafe is a true hidden gem! At my age, it is rare that I have what I consider to be a "taste sensation," but this special little place gave me more than one on this visit.My wife and I ate there for Sunday brunch this past weekend. The food was some of the best breakfast food that I've had in many years. I had the Maine Lobster Omelet with a side of bacon. My wife had the yogurt with granola and fresh fruit.Taste sensation #1...In all honesty, the omelet wasn't what I was expecting. Rather than being filled with a creamy seafood sauce, there were many textures that you could literally taste. There was enough cheese in the omelet to make it creamy, but the lobster and asparagus are what set the dish apart. The lobster was plentiful and tasty, and the asparagus was fresh and crunchy, but not overpowering.Taste sensation #2...The bacon.....I don't know where to start singing its praise. It was thick cut, had a very smoky taste, but was cooked to perfection. It was easily some of the best bacon I've ever had.Taste sensation #3...The final success was the coffee. I apologize for not remembering the name, but it was a locally roasted grind that they use (call Amy...she can give you all the details). This was rich and full flavored, but without a single hint of bitterness or bite that is so typical of most coffee. I always drink my coffee with cream, but this coffee literally does not need cream. It was very smooth. I plan to bring some home when I'm back in the area.My wifes yogurt was also very good, and the fresh fruit was the perfect compliment.When I left, I shared with the owner that I was truly sad that I had to stop eating. It was a dining experience that will not be forgotten anytime soon.
5	Small place but well worth a visit. Amy's pimento cheese is delicious. The tomato soup is the best!  The grits are amazing. I've been here for breakfast and lunch and have loved everything I've eaten here.
5	Stop by this time to try the breakfast menu. Again, they did an outstanding job.I ordered the $5 buck special; in essence the Flipside Cafe breakfast; scrambled eggs, grits and biscuit with a delicious gravy. I also ordered a side of thick cut bacon, simply amazing. After multiple visits, I found something to suggest they need to improve (extremely rare @ Flipside)..gravy for the biscuit was very cold, suggestion; needs to be very hot to compliment the delicious biscuit. It's a small thing anyway. The flavors on that gravy was like going to heaven and back. Not that I have gone there, but you catch my drift. I know that I'm a fan, but this is such a special place. If I could only put them in my suitcase and take them home to Miami. Oh well, more reasons to return here. As always superb customer service, nice job Taelor!! Merry Christmas to my Flipside Cafe and Yelp friends!!
1	I have to rewrite this review. I have no idea what happened, but the food is God awful. The potatoes are excruciatingly salty, (there is salt on the table- why ruin it for us) the shepherd pie had no taste at all. My family came to visit and I was super excited to take them here. They said if I ever bring them back they'll pack up and leave lol. The place is always super busy so I don't know...I'm done at the flip side. It was just that bad!
5	My best friend and I just tried this place out one afternoon on our lunch break....been going back ever since. The owner, Amy is awesome...welcomes us by name each time and delivers a great menu. They buy locally, which is also a plus. Great food and people...you are guaranteed not to be disappointed.
5	Everything was fresh, and they use locally-sourced foods. Really good stuff here....unique flavors you'll never find at a chain restaurant, terrific service, and a laidback setting. Absolutely love this place.
4	Some friends recommended we go here for Breakfast on New Years day.  I've missed this little gem somehow, possibly due to their location and not a lot of advertisement.  Fortunately they are located really close to where I live and I am very thankful because I will definitely be back for repeat business.The dining area is small and cozy.  Mostly 2 tops but some tables for larger parties if necessary.  We showed up for a good breakfast and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the breakfast plate with Eggs, Bacon, Grits, and Biscuit with Gravy.  The waitress said her favorite was the Benne Benne (Eggs Benedict) so I asked her to include a ram of Hollandaise for me to try on my eggs.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The grits were light and fluffy. The biscuit fluffy with ample gravy to soak up.  The eggs with the hollandaise were spot on.  My friend had the Steak and Eggs breakfast and it looked amazing!  The steak cooked perfectly and the potatoes seasoned just right.All in all, I would most definitely recommend this little spot and I will be back for sure.
5	Love this place! Very small restaurant but the food is outstanding. I went here months ago with my family on recommendations from a neighbor who knows the owner. I will go again for sure.
4	I left this check-in tip and now am expanding into a review.  BTW, a good way to capture and "image" of someplace that you can further develop later. "M - F 7-11 five buck special.  What a deal for a simple meal".Let me explain why a three-star v. four:  Salt!  There was so much large grain salt on everything that it made eating, let alone tasting, very difficult.  Our hope is that this is an isolated incident and I will amend when we return...soon.Chef:  pls check your prep in the kitchen and monitor the amount of salt.Fried potatoes were nicely seared chunks, but we had to scrape off the salt.  Ditto the wonderful sausage gravy over biscuits. How frustrating to realize the savory flavors, the best such gravy I have had in years, but the salt overload prevented us from wolfing it all down.But I digress... This is an unassuming cafe, now restaurant opened by a chef couple who had worked at one of Charlotte's top restaurants.  The menu and ingredients reflect their exposure to more gourmet delights.  They serve Breakfast, lunch and dinner with some items carrying over from the previous menu.I had the lobster omelet...really!  Made with sweet sauteed onions, cheese and asparagus.  What a treat for an early morning wake-up breakfast.  Cinnamon crunch waffle with bananas was like pastry.  Another treat.And the eggs are made to order and they do an excellent sunny side up version.Ask to look at the lunch and dinner menus as just reading the offerings will seduce you into returning to try.We are anxious to return in the hopes that the salting is left more to the consumer than the kitchen.  Flipside is special and worth your exploration.
