3	Will have a full review of this new club, located in the Mirage, after this weekend.***So visited Jet this past weekend in lv, and its nice, but nothing special.  The table/vip service was good, not exceptional.  The table itself was tucked away in a separate room, and the size of the table itself was nothing special. Nothing inspiring about this club. Its a pretty average place.
1	if yelp allowed, i would give jet ZERO STARS.  my friend (who by the way is just as nice and sweet as can be) got PUNCHED in the FACE here by a random girl for no apparent reason within minutes of entering.  the club offered no assistance or restitution and she had to take a CAB to the hospital where she received ELEVEN STICHES.  i advise NOT going to jet.
2	For the wait, I was really expecting something spectacular.  Like, semi-blow your mind spectacular.  Instead, after having to wait in the "invited guests" line for quite some time (read: 45 minutes) and being offered up as the sacrificial "girl who makes eye contact with bouncer and gets group in," Jet turned out to be your average club (at least in my own humble opinion).  The music was a fairly good mix of Top 40, rap, hip hop, and whatnot depending on which room you were in, but it was far too crowded to really "get my groove on."  I'd go to another venue if you're in Vegas - preferably one where you don't have to hurdle crowds to get to the bar or to even get out of the club.
4	BIG points for being whisked directly into Jet from some dude in a suit in under 1 minute of entering the Mirage. He must get paid to do that. NO COVER either! YESS!  So, Jet was extremely packed...not much room to dance being "forced" to jump on a platform in the middle of the dance floor with count em' 6 stripper poles. I'm peering down at some creepy guy looking up at me instead of dancing with some available girl in the crowd(Is this what a stripper feels like?). I hear there are three different rooms but I only checked out one..good DJ mashing up 80's and hip-hop (the right way, with music I like). Pretty basic looking venue otherwise..but really cool LCD screens on the ceiling displaying all types of abstract colorful images, apparently moving with the beat of the music. Jet was good to me.
4	Waiting in the Guestlist line for half an hour, my group finally got inside after we decided not to wait at Pure. The decor was nice but WAY to crowded in the main room. The video LCD paneled roof was a mindblowing visual effect because I have never seen anything similar. It goes with the beat and that really was neat. Then there are stripper poles for the girls to dance on with masses of horny men around them waiting to pounce. Drinks are $15 range and standard and not strong. The other rooms were a neat feature to seperate the masses according to their musical tastes such as House, and Hip Hop (crunk). The main room was crowded and to make it worse, VIP booths are jammed in adjacent to the dance floor. It was a hassle trying to dance and move through the crowds to get to the bar. The bar was even more crowded. People standing and linining up 2-3 people deep, even on the other side wall of the VIP booths opposite of the bar. It was very hard to walk through. I just stayed in the house room all night for the househead that I am. Even that place got crowded. But I enjoyed it only because of house music. So I suppose it was worth the $30 entry.
3	Can I just say I hate waiting in those stupid lines to get into a club?  Ugh! Well, the girls in our group had those "Ladies Free" passes, so we knew we weren't going to have to pay.  Now, where do we get these passes?  There are usually some random guys standing near the entrances of the Mirage scoping out the ladies and handing the passes out to them.  The guys in our group, now that was another story.  We heard the cover was $20 for them, but some guy was meandering his way through the line selling those "Guys Free" passes for $10.  Of course, we knew he was making total profit.  But do we care?  Or course not!  We're saving $10!  I have no idea where they were giving these passes out, but this guy had a grip of them and he was making his way through the line selling them.  And so, that's how the guys in our group got their $10 passes.When we finally made our way through one line, we discovered there was yet another line across the way.  *sigh*  Not fun.  When we FINALLY got into the club, it was a pretty large space.  Very rectangular-ish with the dance floor in the middle, with booths and stripper poles too.  There's a bar that lines up against the side and a few smaller rooms to dance in too.  After a quick survey of the place, we danced a bit.  There's not a whole lot of room to dance with all those private booths smack down in the dance floor.  There are definitely a lot more guys just watching the 'hired dancers' up on the platforms and the 'regular girls' by the strip poles if anything.  Uh, hello...I'm coming here to dance.  But not these guys....they are purely here to look and gawk. The ladies' room is super dark.  And I think the music is even louder in the actual bathrooms that outside in the hallway.  There are absolutely no places for you to sit or rest, unless you have paid for one of those private booths.  Should you find a 'seat' anywhere, security will be quick to ask you to move and stand where you were just sitting.  I think I left after spending less than an hour there.  And it wasn't even a good hour. I spent more time wandering around checking the place out and looking for the rest of our party.Unless I get a private booth and have a pass to jump the line, you probably won't see me at this club again.  As I recall, the drinks were damn expensive too.
1	waited for around 2 hours before giving up and heard people inside say it wasnt that great anyway.  i think one of them got molested by a crowd of rowdy bachelors. not cool. plus when we were there Mirage was doing remodeling work so the line winded in and out of construction areas.  not attractive. not attractive at ALL. and one of the bouncers yelled at me cuz i went to bathroom and came back and he thought I was trying to cut. yuck.
4	If you're staying in Las Vegas and feel like hittin' a club but want to wear jeans. Check out Jet in the Mirage. This is one of the few clubs that lets guys get away with jeans. Call your hotel concierge and they can try to get you on the guest list. This way you won't have to pay cover or wait in line. Another tip is to talk to the cab drivers about clubs. Many times they have free tickets.I've been to Jet twice and the line moves pretty quickly. Once you're in, they have 1 main room that plays hip hop and mainstream. They also have a reggae and house room. The drinks can add up but the atmosphere is awesome and the crowd is friendly.Jet is great for people in their mid to late twenties.
3	When I first checked in at Mirage I saw a long line at Jet, so I decided to check the place out. I asked the hotel reception about the cover, she said no cover charge for Mirage guests. I went there around 10.30 on Sat night, waited for an hour and got charged for $30!! They said I had to pay for cover even I was a Mirage guest. OK whatever. To be honest, I had had a good time there, the music was good and the ppl there were good. But next time I'll try out other places.
4	this club is really good.This club is run by the LIGHT group, they deal with promotions for LIGHT in the bellagio, the CARAMEL lounge and restaurants like fix.  Now the Light group is a little abrasive when interacting with their "help" (like the bouncers and stuff) very hard to approach when trying to talk your way in or get simple information so for a guy like me, its tough.  Anyways the first time i went there it was two weeks after new years eve and from what i understand that was when it opened.  there were a lot of reporters taking pics and a huge line that we got to cut thanks to someone in our group.  it was bananas, the dj was excellent.  He played a mix of top 40 and old school R and B and rap. He mixed it in flawlessly.  The crowd was excellent and there were some celebrities on hand if you are into that kinda stuff.  the hiltons were just walking around, freddie mitchell and some other people i couldnt identify.  the vip booths at jet are the only places you can sit with those you have options.there is a main room that plays the music i just mentioned.  then there are three side rooms:  a rock room, a rap room and a dance/trance room.  all of them have vip booths as well.  it is spaced out fairly well considering if it ever gets too crowded in the main floor, you could always go to side room to chill out, yet still be able to listen to music and get drinks with out a huge bar crowd.  all in all.  the place is impressive as far as music is concerned and catering to all types.  the clientele is beautiful, as you would expect from a vegas club and the ratio is fair.  however the drinks are expensive.  you are lookin' at 10 dollars a drink and more for shots.  if you dont find a way to either get on a glist or grab a pass you are paying a lot for entry also.  but the place is solid, and ive never had a bad time.  lights on the ceiling are great also.
3	JET Nightclub inside the Mirage features three rooms with three different sounds. I just went to JET last night with some friends to celebrate someone's 21st birthday. At first the line was daunting until we realized their was a ladies only line. We picked up free passes at the Bell Desk, and after waiting in line for about 10 minutes we got in.  Big Points to JET for offering dollar shots near the passageway to the dance floor.  My friends and I only partied in two of the three rooms available.  The first room had two bars on each side of  the main dance space, and their was also a platform complete with six stripper poles, Beware that the bar drinks are expensive, I ordered a sour apple martini w/ Absolut, it cost me $15 (On the Strip I usually pay $12 ), My friend had two drinks called "Red-headed slut's" and it was $21 for her. Anyway. Their wasn't alot of room to dance because security insisted that we all squish together so as not to block the VIP table area. The second room we went to had a very nice vibe, and it was more of a lounge area with a one bar and several VIP booths. There was definetly more room to dance and the music was better. So, overall I recommend this nightclub, as long as you stick with the dollar shots.
4	Hmmm...I thought I reviewed Jet. I never had a problem going in....or a problem at the bar. Given it's one of my properties and also one of my former students works here. There are a couple things though. Jet is part of Light Group - they require the bartenders to have a guest list certain nights. If you're looking to get in and bypass the line - go ahead and leave me a message and I'll push you and your party through. Hopefully it's more girls than guys. The club itself is pretty dark - when you walk into the main area. There's a dancefloor - surrounded by bars and vip areas. When it gets crowded, the security likes to move you around like cattle. For one. I am not cattle. DON'T PUSH ME! So overall I like the different rooms. My favorite is the hip hop room. Where I'm not cattle. Sure drinks are expensive but the bartenders are pretty good there. The shot girls are hot. The middle of the main dance floor has an area for the drunk girls to get up and pole dance. Hehe nothin wrong with that. Now if I can only get them to make out with my power of perversion...errr.....persuasion.So knock one star for security's organization and herding people around. Knock another 1/2 for cost of drinks. Knock 1 more half for the mayhem to try to get in. But if you wanna dance...this is defnitely one of the better clubs. Usually good ratio for guys to girls.
4	Trip to Vegas with 15 others. On the agenda - Jet.When we got to Jet, they stopped letting people in because some boxer was coming by. Not only was Floyd Mayweather coming by...50 Cent was with him! 50 and the rest of the G Unit walk by us and I yell out - '50 Cent, you are awesome'. He actually stops and poses for a pic. Yes, very cool. Because I had some liquid courage, I asked someone in 50's entourage if we could go in with them. What the heck was I thinking..I could have gotten shot! So, 50 finally gets in the club and the let the rest of us normal folk in.The music was SOOOO much fun. Our crew danced our butts off! It was so crazy that one person in our group lost his glasses...he managed to find one lens...not like that mattered much. The club set up is very much like Light in the Bellagio. Dance floor in the middle and bar along the side.Drinks weren't very good there because the bartenders pretty much suck. They can't seem to mix a decent drink. Ohh well, we had a celeb sighting and a awesome night dancing the night away...
2	Ugly layout, 3 dance floors.  Not worth my time or money really.  Better clubs in Vegas definately.
4	This place was packed!!! It had a great enery & music, but it was hard to dance on the actual dance floor, so I deducted a point.  Drinks were expensive, but its Vegas.  Stripper poles added a touch of something, the bachelorette I was with used them, which was great!Oh we got in for free too, major bonus!!!
3	At first I was hesitant to stay. The main room was playing cheesy reggaeton and hip-hop/rap music. I loved the techno room though! The crowd was OK. After about 1/2 hour the music started to change along with the entire vibe. They played all great songs/remixes.  A variety of people and age groups were present. The drinks were tasty... yet strong! The minute I said it was my Birthday I was being served free shots, non-stop, all night long. People there were generous!   The only thing that was dreadful after that was the line outside to get a taxi. Who wants to walk all the way back to their hotel after a night of standing on heels and dancing? All in all, this place was OK. Fun for a Friday night.
4	First club at Vegas I had to wait in line to get into.Overall, this place was fun - had good music. The hip hop room all the way in the back, once you find it spinned a lot of good beats. The crowd is fun and while it did get crowded, it was not "Tao crowded."Its worth checking out, if you have not been there already.
2	I was torn between 2 and 2.5 stars, but given the poor service, Jet gets 2 stars...So, granted, my friends and I showed up a bit late for our pre-paid, reserved table...but we had ALREADY RESERVED it.  So, when we arrived at a little after 12 (not late by Vegas standards!), and our table wasn't "ready", I was a little concerned.  It took them ~20 minutes to get us INTO the club and then we had to wait for another ~40 minutes by the bar for our table to get ready.  While they gave us a round of free shots, that really doesn't make up for the fact that we could have already been drinking the liquor we already purchased.  They weren't able to get us the table we had reserved on the main dance floor, so when we were seated at 1 a.m., we were seated in the back room.  The music in the back room was...weird and not very fun, so we really wanted to be in the main room.  It took us until 2 a.m. to get seated at the table we were originally supposed to be seated at in the main room.The music was pretty decent but it was SO ridiculously loud that my entire body was vibrating.  If you're going to go through this much hassle at a club, go to a better one...
4	I loved, loved, loved JET!  1 huge room and 2 smaller rooms.  The bigger room was playing top 40 pop-ish music, one of the smaller ones was playing some techno stuff and the room I fell in love with was playing lots of great hip-hop.  We got our passes on the Strip, no line, no cover, no problem!!  I love guest lists.  We didn't stay as long as I would have liked because the bride and the other girls were pooped from the previous night's debauchery.  Wimps.  I'm definitely checking Jet out again the next time I'm in Vegas.  And best believe, it will be soon!!
3	We had reservations and the wait was still pretty ridiculous.  It helped that we forced the point to get us seated, but the reservation line as a whole was pissed off.Once inside, table service was decent.  We got stuck in the house room which provided a chill vibe, but the party was out in the hip hop floor.  I actually liked the "hip hop" floor on that night since they mixed in a ton of retro samples.  It wasn't SUPER crowded and the demo of people ranged from bay area chicas to a solo 48 year old guy looking like he came here from Disneyland.  Yes, he looked like he hung out at Disneyland by himself.
2	Yet  ANOTHER joke on my recent trip to Vegas.Since it was a Monday night and all of the other halfway decent looking places were closed, we decided to try Jet.The club opens at 10:30.We got in line at 10:15.  It wasn't a long line at all.  There was maybe 20-30 people in front of us, IF THAT.Let's just say we stood in line till Midnight!So we get in and its huge inside. (which is the reason for the star)There is three rooms, all with different music.There are poles all over the place and a lot of room to dance.So we get a drink and go to the dance floor.Dude, some people are just dirty.  There were some dirty ass people dancing nasty.  I mean please, have some class people.  People were rude and pushing and spilling drinks all over the place (including all over my friend).I got annoyed as did he so we just left after not even being there for an hour.I'll never do that again.
3	Was there opening night.  Dark lighting and large bars inside.  Even though Michael Jordan was there most of my group of ten wasn't happy.  There's a vip section in the main floor and other dancefloors in the back.  It feels very much like Light at Bellagio.  But I had a local with us and even she couldn't get in.  Alot of hype for this place, I might go back when it calms down even though I stay at Mirage.
3	Hmmm. I lost a little bit of my innocence at Jet. Really crazy things happen here and if you don't watch out you may find yourself sandwiched between a few men, dancing on the poles in the middle of the club, getting groped, or downing tequila at the bar.Music is hip hop and mash ups. If you arrive early enough you can get in with your free passes. Jet is reminiscent of Light at Bellagio. The place is small and crowded but all in good fun. It seems to be a bachelorette party destination. Fiances, if you only knew.
3	Now I write this review even though I havent been to Jet since NYEve weekend, and I have heard things have changed and been upgraded since then. But back then, I thought that Jet was just an average Vegas spot. Not very big and too many guys in the spot. Plus, with the setup of the bars, its just tough access to drinks without tons of people trying to walk past and around you. if your up in the VIP section overlooking the dancefloor, things are a little better because you have a location not in the masses. The different rooms with providing different musical choice is cool, but the times Ive been there, Ive never really liked the house DJ's they've had in the "techno/house/electronica" room. But I'll definitely check it out again next time I'm there to see if its improved any.
2	Nothing special. Even though I got in free & easily, took awhile for the gatekeepers to acknowledge I had a legit pass. Really dark 70s-80s disco vibe dancefloor w/super loud unbearable music. Bars all on the side barely room for people to order. Doesn't help when the bouncers keep shoo-ing patrons to the side. Go-go dancers aren't much to look at either. People who like this joint probably don't know any better. I had all the right intentions of having a good time too--just wasn't into it as I'd hope.Also saw & met Zach Braff & his homie fr. Scrubs--stuck up bunch. Lost interest in their show afterwards. Even simple courtesy wouldn't kill them. Whatever.Saving grace: locals get a special break admission. Don't know if they'd consider those who call Vegas their secondary residence.
1	Blows!!! So fuckin unorganized at the door. You get inside and great a big fuckin square room. I've done bottle service here several times and even then it's such a hassle to have a good time. Plus the egos that all these douche bags have just cuz they are a bouncer at Jet, Big Fuckin Deal! The house room is the one redeeming factor.
3	Jet is a prime example of the Light Groups nightlife concept.  The dance floor is in the middle, with tables surrounding it and bars on either side. It is difficult to get in, even when you do have a table. The light group does this on purpose, a to make the front door seem always busy. The tables are small, just as they are anywhere else. The music is pretty much the same as everywhere else in Las Vegas. The ceiling lights are pretty cool and I hear that there are a couple other rooms besides the main one, although I haven't managed to make it around. I have been a couple times, I guess I would go if friends wanted to!
3	The wait was terrible- really really bad if your with mostly guys. But good thing i hiked up my skirt a bit to get the bouncers notice and let us cut in front. Girls get in free (you can get tickets when you walk in to the casino) but guys have to pay $30. Once you're in, theres no where to sit unless you get  a table. The drink are expensive, but theres not much of a wait at the bar since there's several around the nightclub. I wish they had a lounge area but maybe thats in the VIP area? Anyways its a fun mixed crowd, but next time i'm coming with ALL GIRLS.
1	I was here for Memorial Day weekend with friends. I felt like I was dealing with an airline on a transcontinental flight. The line was ridiculous even though we had a table reserved. Once we finally got in we had to wait at the bar while they sorted out our table situation. It turns out the the regulars had come buy and they had oversold the tables. I guess that was ok since it meant not waiting in line for 3 hours.I've been to many night clubs and I'm told this is one of the best on The Strip. I thought it was pretty average, the girls thought they were cooler than they were and most of the guys were posers trying to hard to look cool.The bartneder even "lost" my friend's credit card, claiming she never served him which resulted in an argument where he had to leave to go get a manager. Apparently the hotel is NOT affiliated with the night club and he had to wait in line with a hotel staff member for an hour to get back in. He then had to pay cover again!She finally "found" his credit card and the next day he had hundreds of dollars of charges that weren't his on it. I think this place has too much hype built up for tourists living outside of their means and trying too hard to impress girls that have no brain and no class.The music was really good and I did meet some social people but I won't bother going back here again.
4	Serious good times. They mean business... but you will pay.1) DJ's - main room dj was fantastic. Good mix of Top 40/Hip Hop/Rock. He kept the vibe going all night. Hip Hop room was small but really jam packed. Lots of hips ;) Dance room, not as many people but the DJ was super nice. Our tables were in this room so we spent some time there hanging out and enjoying ourselves.2) Tables - I now can no longer go to a Vegas club without reserving a table. No wait for our group of 18. We were ushered in as soon as we arrived, the bouncers were so sweet and we had a personal bartender who poured mixed drinks for us at our table. 3) Drinks - When we finally ran out of Vodka at our tables, I started getting drinks at the bar. I'm not sure if it was me or the bartender, but I ordered a Vodka Red Bull and got a lovely pour. So lovely, in fact, that I think that was the drink that put me in that oh so happy place where I didn't want to stop dancing all night long. 4) Space - The space was beautiful. The main room is huge. Yes, there are stripper poles and they were WELL utilized. There were lots of nice crevices where you could hide away and fantastic bar space. I never had to wait for a drink and the place was packed. All in all, I would recommend this place, but only if you don't have to wait in line. You'll be there for at least 2 hours and by then your poor footsies will be ready to be free of those stripper heels you bought just for Vegas. Sorry ladies.
4	Awesome nightclub, especially if you get put on the list so you don't have to wait in line or pay.  Definitely NOT couple friendly though, as there is a separate line for men and ladies.  Anyhow, the layout was pretty nice, three rooms (one obligatory techno room, unfortunately); but it's pretty crowded which can make dancing a bit challenging.  Some of the music in the big room was a bit questionable, though.
3	Okay Okay Okay.... Well here's my take. I've been to this place twice, and the first time it was me a 2 of my buds (JFK Jr. & Muppet Boy). We had a blast, because we were in a less crowded House Music room and it was us running the show. We had some duffuses sitting next to us who couldn't get anything going, but we had coke whores and dumb sluts at our table all night. No none of us got any action that night. Not that I even care, for that's not the ultimate goal. The ultimate goal is to have a good time, right? ; )The bottles of Goose were the Vegas Avg $450 or sumtin like that per. We had I think 3. No we didn't drink all 3 ourselves. We offered some to the very flirty waitress (who was expecting a big tip so she flirted with us all night, and yes we gave her her due). The highlight of my night wasn't getting all chummy with some coke whore or dancing with the sluts, it was actually gettin behind the DJ booth and chillin with the DJ and his lady. He was spinnin some good sh*t, and to show my appreciation I sent him some Goose! That's just how I work...Now the second time I was there was for my friend Easy E's bachelor party and lemme tell you oh what a night... Again the dumb girls who vultured around our table were there all night. Between 13 guys (yes 13 sausages!) we had 8 bottles of Goose & 6 Bottles of Veuve! The bachelor was so wasted he got kicked out for just being plain sloppy. What a way to go out Easy! Anyways, the dance floor was packed, and I mean packed full of average to decent looking girls, all thinking they deserve to be on the stage dancing on poles just because they got in... Please some of you girls need to check yerselves here... I know we are all here to have a good time, but we don't care to see some fat ugly chick slidin up n down a pole. I'm not judgmental. I'm sure when they are sober and not so trashed they are decent human beings, but there isn't much more of a put off than a drunk girl dancing on a pole, unless they are hott! And most hott girls don't dance on poles, unless it is in a strip club. Most girls who know they are hott don't need to get up on stage and dance themselves to oblivion to get anyone's attention.... anyhow I digress....once again my point. The music is decent in the main dance floor room place thingy... It is yer typical Bon Jovi meets AC/DC meets 50Cent meets some stupid Kelly Clarkson song (Top 40 crap)... please someone put add some house music into the mix... But all in all we had a blast. I mean we sat on the biggest table on the dance floor, and our waitress loved us so much she chilled with us all night even though she had other tables to look after. We just roll that way.... Pun... She liked us so much she hooked us up with the manager at Tryst for the following night, which also a lot of fun. The reason why I give this place 3 stars is not because of the lack of fun I had, it was for the lack of Awe when you walk in, because it ain't awe-ing and the music in the main room is like something you'd listen to on the radio. Bluh! Otherwise girls, stop pretending you can dance on a pole when you can't, and stop dancing when you shouldn't...
4	Its funny when people say its hard to get in.... welcome to Vegas... heres the deal, i went with about 5 other cats, grab the man in charge at the door, hes always the one running around escorting people in.. tell him youll grease him to get in the door... we cashed out about 180.00 between 6 guys... slap it in his hand, and be escorted in while everyone else watches you bypass the line. Its just like any other big club in vegas, packed. It was fun though, good looking women, good music and good lighting.. you will have to fight the line to get a drink.
4	This place was fun. It was a long wait for what we saw inside at first. There was hardly in there especially in the other smaller rooms but then it started to fill up. We got free passes in. I loved the music, it was easy to get drinks and I liked the GOGO dancers. I would go again before a lot of other places.
4	Went here on a Sat nite.  The DJ was the highlight, as it is nonstop good song after song.  The venue itself isn't big compared to other Vegas spots.  It has 3 rooms tho with semi different sounds in each.  To get in, there is no line.  Just a semicircle of velvet ropes you stand against until the bouncers let you in.  I don't know the price since I had comp tickets from some promoter walking the strip giving away passes for a few bucks.  Fun place to hang tho, but I seen better around.
1	HORRIBLE! No seating what-so-ever!  If you want to go here, you NEED to reserve a table ahead of time!  After a full day of walking around to see the sights we go out for our friends bachelorette party to Jet.  (ladies get free passes, just ask any hotel employee for passes!) BUT we get in and are soooo excited to go to this VEGAS CLUB and then there is NO WHERE TO put down our purses, no where to just sit and chill for a while until the club gets poppin'.  So, we order a drink and hang by the counter (counter tops are everywhere to place your drinks) but my cosmo cost $16 FREAKING dollars! what the heck! So, i go and check out the other rooms to see if their music is better than these crappy songs that are playing in the main room.  HARDCORE RAP in one roon and straight HOUSE/TRANCE in the other, each room with reserved seating and my feet are killing me! HATED IT! And i will NEVER go to JET again!  Finally we said, "f it" and we went to the lounge by REVOLUTION (also located in the MIRAGE Hotel) and had sooo much fun in there!
4	Went here on a Monday night, which according to the valet and front desk people was the best night for this club.Pretty good music was played here.  We were staying at the mirage and got passes to skip the line.  Dope.I ended up that night on the toilet, puking and pooping at the same time.  Didn't think it was possible.  C'est la vie.
1	Jet is a nightclub located in Mirage casino.  Although the music was very 80's not that it is a bad thing, I did not really enjoy myself at this club. I did not like the crowd either; one guy I met was also from NYC and he said to me "I feel sorry for you" I said with my heavy n.y. accent, "WHY DO U FEEL SORRY 4 ME?" Then he said "never mind I don't."  Weirdoo.
3	the bouncers (although i think they preferred to be called as line managers) at jet are very much like waiters in hollywood; good looking with some serious attitude problem.  we got in the all ladies line (there's one for guest listed people and another one for normal "you must pay" line), and luckily we were the only ones in it. this venue was after our "happiest place on earth = thunder from down under", so we were all giggly, glowing with smiles.  finally a bouncer came by and asked us if we wanted pay $30 to get in.  HELLZ NO!!!  i didn't put the fake eye lashes, lip plumping collagen gloss, and sharp pain inducing high heels to pay the cover to get into a this effing nightclub!!!  why would we be in all ladies line if we wanted to pay the cover?  did he think we were some dumb asian chicks with good looks only?  well, we did out magic...we flashed our white, straight teeth and begged the guy to have mercy on us.  that big attitude of his subdued and he let us pass the gate.  when we got in, the club was jam packed since mya was performing.  i guess her presence was the highlight of our time at jet.  after this, some sleazy guys came by, trying to make a move on us...but like i said earlier, i didn't put the fake eye lashes, lip plumping collagen gloss (ok, this part is a lie), and sharp pain inducing high heels to dance with these creepy guys!!!
4	Reasons for the four stars: -- got in free -- already pretty lit and still liked it -- disco lit floor did not make me vomit -- overpriced whiskey sour still tasted good -- people on crowded dance floor made me laugh -- did I mention I got in for free?This place was fun.  There are a lot of people.  There's a lot of good energy.  And the ratio of guys to girls tends to favor guys.It's Vegas.  It's drinking.  It's a bunch a people looking to party.  It's Fun.pair of yelps with a yelp kicker
3	i like the fact that there were 3 rooms with 3 different styles of music because if you don't like a song which happens to me quite often in the club you can go exploring for something better. what i don't like was the ridiculous wait in line and all of the questionable ladies in the club (by questionable i mean hookers) i know its vegas but come on.
4	I like this place cuz everytime I've gone we've never had to wait in line or pay to get in.  Once we went for a bachelorette party and the second time was for a SEMA party which had open bar...score!  It was halloween so quite a few people were dressed up in costume which was pretty fun.  There is a stage with poles where girls can dance on...that's always a plus in my book.  You have more room to dance, you don't get grinded on by random guys, and it gives me a glimpse of what my life would be like if I had chosen go go dancing as a career :-P
3	Maybe I've turned into a grumpy old man, but this club was OK.  For all the hype, I really expected something...what that something was, I'm not sure, but it wasn't there.On the plus side:  Cool setup, decent sound system, un-snooty wait staffOn the negative side:  Generic music, even in the electronica room where I heard one girl exclaim: "Oh!  I thought you were about to play Sean Paul!!!"On the plus, plus side:  Didn't have to wait in the general admission line.  That would've bit given  how long it was.On the negative, negative side:  I'm all for stripper poles in clubs, but this club had more stripper poles in it than most strip clubs.  I don't find that to be a particularly good sign.
2	Blah... that's all I can say about this place... The place is not very original in the way it was made.. It's basically a huge cube that looks the same in every dimension... It's completely unorganized, even for VIP.. this place doesn't make any sense to me..To me it's a wannabe version of some of the major clubs out in Vegas and it just doesn't compare... You can't even tell where the line is, it's that ridiculous... Once you get inside, the isles near the bars are so darn narrow and the dance floor is nothing special either.. If you're looking for a kick ass club in Vegas, go big and spend the same amount at Tao or Tryst.  Leave Jet behind... It's garbage...
4	It was dark and it was fun - I had a blast!I was in town for a thing and my friends wanted to check out Jet.  They got a table reserved so we had our own little area to sit and chat and dance like crazy.  I loved that there was no cover (b/c we got a table?).  I made the mistake of trying to get my groove on on dance floor - the place was so crowded that you can't get through.  To make matters worse, being "trapped" by bodies makes it harder to avoid/walk away from creepy guys who want to dance with you.  Thank goodness for the private table!  It pays to pay $425/bottle for your own space!  Try it - you'll like it.
3	I had a really good time when I went to Jet.  The club itself wasn't impressive.  The music was the same kind of music that you would find at any other club. I did like the fact that they had 2 very large bars in the main room.  The other two rooms were small, but cool.  It was pretty dark in there, which was nice.We had bottle service and I'm really happy we did.  We had plenty of space to sit and dance.  The servers were on top of it. I don't think I ever had an empty drink.  She was always around ready to make us another drink.  Even the security would check up on us to make sure we were okay.  I really liked the attention they give their guests.
5	Well, Bravo Light Group for another fantastic venue! Three rooms, each one with it's own sound, and music bleeding into each room, how can you go wrong. Jet is THE place to be on a Monday night. Monday Night?!?!?! Yes, Monday Night. That's how we do it in Las Vegas. Jet is ALWAYS having a themed night. One night the cocktail waitress and go-go dancers are dressed like school girls, and the next they look like Fem bots about to kick your ass. I wouldn't mind that one bit. The lighting and sound are absolutely stunning here. A notable feature here are the dozens of video screens mounted to the ceiling that display a dizzying array of colors. There are multiple bars to get a drink, so there is hardly a wait. If you leave Jet without a smile, I think I've done all I can for you.
1	I'm going to be really harsh with my stars since this is Vegas but COME ON, this is LAS VEGAS and the MIRAGE, the MIRAGE IS NOT GHETTO and this place is... ghetto compared to the plethora of clubs in vegas.  Aside from Jet being small and the dance floor being impossible to move through, and the decor to be lacking, the security guards and everyone who was working for this place was an asshole (except for one of the gogo dancers).  We had a promoter escort us into the club and one of the bitches in charge named Joanna gave us the worst attitude ever. She actually snapped her fingers in my friend's face and yelled at her to "FOCUS." WHO DOES THAT? We weren't being obnoxious, we weren't drunk off our asses, we were a little intoxicated but we were just standing there waiting for them to bring us in.  Not only that but when we were inside the club, the security guards were ridiculously and unnecessarily pushy and mean and they kept kicking us out of the area outside of the bathroom.  We moved to the bar where other people were drinking and they still made us move just because we were still waiting for our friend in the bathroom. wtf.  Hell no, I'm not coming back.
3	Mreh. Very expensive to get into.The drinks were very expensive, but all top shelf, the sound system was incredible, the lights were awesome....the music was generic hip hop/top 40 mash up garbage. I've heard better sets spun at sweet sixteens. I hate the whole trend of "play 2 minutes of a song, throw in something from the 50's and then go back to the modern stuff"Honestly, I liked Avalon or Axis in Boston more, just in terms of the diversity and quality of the music being spun. Maybe my priorities are off, but I generally go to a dance club to dance, not pick up.
2	I'm not really tuned into the Vegas club scene anymore so we decided to hit up Jet solely because we were staying at the Mirage and didn't feel like walking elsewhere. Didn't have to wait in line because we showed up at probably 1:30 am, but still had to pay the ridiculous $30 cover.The setup is nice but the DJs in each room that night seemed to be playing the exact same tracks but offset at 5 minute intervals. So we'd dance in one room for a few minutes until they started playing booty shit like the Yin-Yang Twins, then we'd hop on over to the main room, but they'd start playing the SAME exact track we just heard in the other room. So then we'd check out the 3rd room, and yep, "TO THE WINDOW, TO THE WALLLLL/TIL SWEAT DROPS DOWN MY BALLS". There's only so much "sweat drops down my balls" I can take, and its definitely much less than hearing it 3 times consecutively. And dude, that song was played out about 3 years ago. Quick common sense tip for DJs who spin at venues with mutliple rooms: compare your tracks beforehand to your fellow DJs, and make sure you aren't playing the same shit.
2	Luckily in Vegas, girl's dont pay cover - or at least my friends and I never paid cover our entire trip. Anyhow, the down and dirty details:Yes, JET is a very nice club... However, I really didn't like it because one of the rooms, where they played Hip Hop was ridiculousy small, dark, stuffy, and the ceilings were very low in this club.. ODD.... never felt so claustrophobic in any club in my life.. Plus, drinks are VERY expensive here, and every drink I had was made horribly.The main room is actually really nice and I wouldn't mind it in there, but my friends aren't into the whole house music clubbing thing.Overall, I didn't like Jet... uHhhh and whatsup with Vegas nightclubs being ridiculously packed. irritating... might as well not be a nightclub if you're gunna let so many people in that there's literally no room to dance.
2	Major sausage fest.  Nothing special.  The female bartenders were pretty hot though.
2	If you've ever been to Light at Bellagio, then this place is EXACTLY the same.  Nothing different.  I believe they were built by the same company.  Go figure.  The layout of the place is identical.  Just one main dancefloor in the middle of the place, and a walkway that goes around the area.  Bars on either side.  Plain and simple.  Nothing special, nothing more.  I'd go to Tao or Tryst instead.
3	As far as clubs go, I actually enjoyed this one. There's a bit of a line to get in, but if you have those little free passes (most cabs drivers have them), just need to be at the front of the line by midnight and it is well worth it. Otherwise, I imagine it is a $30/20 (men/women). There are also 3 lines. General admission, ladies (obvious), and invited (prepared). There are 3 rooms. One main room pretty large and two smaller rooms. The main room has 2 large bars and stripper poles in various elevated spots of the floor. The smaller rooms have a bar in each of them. They say 3 rooms, 3 sounds, but they all sound exactly the same. Table service is available and I bet it's expensive. When we were there, Lupe Fiasco performed a song. He was in town, but don't know much about him. A long island ice tea was $14. I didn't checkout the rest. Basically, I bought 2 long island's, 2 shots of jager , and a vodka cranberry. All equals $50. Of note, I dropped my id in the washroom and it was given to security by the washroom attendant. Saved me hours of potential head ache at the airport the next day. Worth it if you can get in for free. If not, go to a lounge.
3	I liked this place.  We got in super quick, because my friend was on a list.  The drinks were expensive, but I also expected that.  It's a decent club, but once again, it's like the DJ has ADD.  I don't understand playing a song and then playing another song 20 seconds later.  It's ANNOYING.  And how do you get your dancing groove on?  You can't because the DJ changes up the music too much.
3	Agree with Tadd L.  Solid but unspectacular 2nd tier Vegas club that feels like a replica of Light in Bellagio (now The Bank - not sure if it's been remodeled).  Yes, it's by the same designer but Light wasn't that good that you needed to copy it so faithfully.The layout of the main room is a central dance floor with wide lanes on each side with bars and standing room.  VIP booths are roped off within the dance area.  The layout is more suited for those that go to clubs to mingle vs. dance.  Two side rooms were a miss for me.Drinks are $11 a pop and, be warned, mixed horribly.  When will bartenders learn that they aren't doing you a favor my making an overly strong drink.  Just mix it in the proper proportions so its drinkable.Went on a Saturday night  when the club opened around 10PM - luckily a friend of a friend got us past the line.   Crowd was nothing special.  Eye candy was mostly relegated to employees.I'd only go here if you have a connection to get in and want a drama free start to the night.
3	I wanted to go to one of the top 5 clubs in LV so we ended up at Jet. I wasn't super impressed. I guess I expected more. The line went down for what seemed like miles. Thank goodness our VIP host was fabulous. Of course it was easier since we were all girls. We hate waiting in line! :)I mean it was crowded as heck and there were lots of hot people, but it was small and the music was just okay. The go go dancer girls in the lingerie were cute but some of them were yucky. One in particular stood out.The guys in there were SLLLEEEEEAAAZZZZYYYYYYY. Jet itself is ok. I guess we stayed to satisfy my curiousity. Would I go back? Maybe after I check out every other "hot" club in LV.
3	***********3.5*************Very good music. Sorda small. Again it was cheap and fast (line wise) for us because there were a bazillion girls with us! But it is annoying that the   club is in a circle.  + the guy who let us in bought is shots!!!!!!!!! :) The drinks are super good but super expensive! Fun but there are better clubs in Vegas!
1	Ha! They tried to make us pay $30 cover. Yeah right. Well, we got in for free 99 but this spot was wack and overcrowded with lots of wackos. You won't see me in this club again.
4	This place was packed but we had a table so it was all good.  The VIP area had alot more space than we did at LAX.  It was nice to be able to dance and not bump into anybody.
4	This would be my 2nd time at Jet.  I Went here on a Saturday night.  Got in for free, went with like 6 girls and 1 other guy, so I didn't have to pay.  Plus, my friend knows the bouncer personally.  I like to take advantage of being home grown in Vegas :)DJ was off the hook!  Great music, contemporary top 40, good mix of house, techno/trance (which I love)...80s and old school.  Transition between songs were seamless.As with every other Vegas nightclub on the strip, the drinks are expensive, and it's super crowded.  The only thing you can hope for is prompt bar service, and great music.  The rest is up to you.
1	I went there once on a Saturday in November, and it SUCKED. I don't know what you lucky girls were talking about, I definitely had to pay $30 bucks. Maybe it was because I was with my boyfriend. Anyhow, it was pretty much the worst nightclub I've experienced in my life. It was crowded and hot. You can't find the freaking restrooms. You can't dance without getting elbowed and kicked by all the not-so-coordinated club goers. You couldn't sit anywhere unless you had a reserved VIP table. Lame. Not to mention all the guys smoking cigars inside. I mean really, clean air is crucial when you're breaking it down. And I don't know if this is the same for all Vegas nightclubs, but people don't know how to party at this club. Or at least hold their alcohol. The bouncers kept coming by with BIOHAZARD bags and cleaning up (puke?) stuff off the floors. I mean it happened like six times. Other people in the club were just tripping on something and acting like weirdos. I dunno, but it looked like a druggie club for sure, and I'm not in it for that. I just like to drink and dance, how hard is that.  If I could give half a star that's what they would get. Go to Rockhouse Bar and Nightclub. That is another yelp story, however.
4	Line is usually big on weekends.  Vip Service is one of the best in Vegas.  Also this place does not seem to get over crowded like other clubs.
4	I give this place 4 stars. Thats pretty good. I got into town and I was staying at the Mirage. Since we were casing the joint, "Jet" looked very tempting to go to since it was in the hotel. I got the guest passes and waited in line for almost an hour in the hotel lobby.  I and my friend got in free.I don't even know what the cover was but I am assuming it's $30 like they say...thats obserd.There is a separate VIP line that was never long since people in that line were accepted early for entry into this club.Well, sure enough the place was "jumpin'" and packed. We just saw two different dance floors and one main floor..The 3rd floor was not visible. The DJ was "Tite" and that comes from (myself) a former DJ The DJ was no amateur. Hip-Hop-R&B-and I belielieve 80's music was playing.The bass was bumping and there were girls on the center stage poles doing their stuff. The dancefloor is well configurated. It was in order. The security people did a good job keeping the isles clear and had flashlights to light up the dim isles.The bar was packed. I could not get a drink. The smoke machine was on full blast and I did'nt care for the smokers in there..it got congested fast.I think this place overrides any club I have expereinced.
5	i had a great time here as well...it was packed, i believe perez hilton was there...whateveri had an awesome time. i was heading in2 the ladies room and this man approached my friend and i, asked us to join one of his high end clients, and my friend and i are like what the hell, this is our last night, we better just have fun and go with the flow, we ended up parting in vip with the owner of the bellagio..and his gorgeous entourage..=]
2	I think Jet is very small compared to a lot of other clubs in Vegas. I came here for my birthday last year and it was alright. The bouncer I dealt with was a d-bag. For being on a guestlist, I was disappointed to still have to pay $30. The music selection was okay but could have been better. I probably will eventually end up here another time and hopefully that time will be an improvement.
5	Had a blast! very nice service and the bouncer was real cool he let me be bouncer for the night.... I was running JET!!!!
3	15 dollar drinks and strip poles.
3	VIP room....nice to walk by 150 people in line pretending you're hot shit.  Place was OK...been to plenty of places in SF and NYC that beat the holy hell out of this place....although I must admit it's been several years since I've deigned to enter a nightclub.Bottle minimum:  A little much.....got Turkish-bazaared for a 950 dollar magnum of Grey Goose and a 450 buck 750ml of Perrier Jouet Le Fleur.  Even for Vegas, those are just stupid prices.  Must be paying for all the hookers that were grinding against my crotch on the dance floor.  But being the good husband that I am, I let the single dudes in my party get friendly (though none did).Fun, but not worth the exorbitant cost.
4	Great place to hang out, dance, and drink.  We got VIP entrance so didn't pay the cover or wait in line (thank god)We made it into a smaller room where there was more room to dance, although a few of my friends ended up dancing on the poles in the main room for awhile.Overall, a good time.
2	If you were given the option - guest list or waiting in line... you'd choose the list right?!NOT IF YOU'RE IN A GROUP OF WOMEN ONLY!The line for the VIP-list was longer and it was quicker to wait in the "ladies only" line, and for some bouncers-with-carrots-and-nonmentionables-stuffed-up-their-asses, the same average music in all 3 rooms, an average crowd and nothing different about this club to many others - jet was without a doubt below average and not worth the Vegas-hype!
4	Jet is located in a prime location and works very well as an alternative to Tao which is at the Venetian and always packed as hell. The people here are hot and the place is nice.BIG NOTE: for all you idiots who complained the floor is small, I will give you a big tip - THERE'S MORE THAN ONE DANCE FLOOR! Yes, I laugh everytime I hear people mention the small dance floor.Ok, moving on. It can get a little hot and the walkways can get crowded, the pricing isn't bad and free passes are not that hard to come by. For $50 or whatever, you can skip the whole line.
1	Would love to have rated this club given the feedback read on Yelp, but after waiting almost 1.5hrs in the queue (even with comp. passes, which everyone has) we gave it up... I have not queued for a club since I was about 18yrs old and wasn't going to wait any longer.Like most places here it seems to let all the very young and/or trashy looking girls (apx 90% of all in queue) in with a few hanger on guys OR the people who would never normally be allowed into a club who were clever enough to know about the printed out "invitation guest" pass which you must pay thru the teeth for - anyway, save you stress and time - either get your name on the door and be sure it's going to get you passed the queue or find another club.
2	out of all the clubs in Vegas- i seriously dislike this one the most. the DJ sucks, the drinks are outrageously disgusting, the crowd is LAME and full of skeevy locals, the decor is confused, the separated rooms are unnecessary and a bit confusing, the bathroom is too small for a club in Vegas, etc. etc. i don't know if they're trying to pack everyone in there like sardines, but i really did not enjoy being in there. way too many people stomping on my tired lil feet in heels. the lighting gets a little too intense and i had to look away in order to stay focused on walking to the bar. haha. the promoters and security here is a complete JOKE on Saturday nights. the bottle service rooms are simply boring and kind of insulting. like, WTF? i want to sit in this dark room and the decor is sooo freakin' dark/ugly/tasteless... hells no. i'll never go back.
4	Been here twice, once with VIP bottle service and another time with VIP entrance.  It's a cool spot, you never need a lighter when you're out there to smoke since all the security guard guys around all have lighters.  This was the first Las Vegas club bathroom I ever walked into and I remember liking the decor of their bathroom.But if you're looking for hot women to grind up against on your average Friday or Saturday night, I would suggest going elsewhere.  The quantity was decent, but the quality was sub-par in Vegas terms the 2 times I went.  But don't get me wrong, people in Vegas are down regardless.Alcohol prices are Vegas standard here and they got hot bartender women working the bar, so fellas be ready to fork over some tips for them cute faces and ta tas that be serving you up.
2	Worse club ever. Took forever to get into even though we were in the very front of the line.Ugly girls, not so skinny girls, old girls, and rude security guys with super annoying flashlights. Super expensive drinks... Jager bombs are $17!? WTF.I'm only giving it two stars because of the cool/hot bartenders and the three seperate dance floors which each have a whole different vibe.
1	Crowded as hell & absolutely no room to dance.  Drinks were horrifically watered down & overly-priced.  Staff were rude, obnoxious, and mean.  No room to maneuver your way out.  If there was a fire, watch out...major disaster scene.  Couldn't wait to get out, but couldn't find exit & don't count on security to guide you out either.
3	Jet...Ive had two vastly different experiences here. The first time I went (5/07) I swear it was one of the best nights ive ever had in a club.  the place was packed with fun people, lots of approachable good looking gals, and our waitresses were the friendliest cutest things.  Then i went last Saturday (5/08) and was supremely underwhelmed. There was no real line to get in (which may be a sign) and once we got in, it was packed with young drunk spring-break types.  Fine if that's what you're looking for, but for me it felt too much like a March night in Cancun.  Not going back.
4	I want to caveat this to let you know I'm comparing this with nigh clubs in Man Francisco... I mean San Francisco. Anything compared with SF clubs will be much better.Coming from San Francisco, the idea of an air conditioned night club environment is almost unheard of. Well, they're air conditioned, but you just can't feel anything because there are so many people inside.Overall, the music was nice. What I don't like is that they force you to buy bottle service to get a table or any type of seating. Of course, if you're a girl, you can join a table full of guys any time. There was a good balance of male / female in there as well, which I assume was due to the "quality control" mechanisms outside.As with all things Vegas, Jet is pretty expensive. If you go, I highly recommend you get the VIP tickets online so you can avoid the long lines. We purchased the tickets online in advance and walked right up to the front of a 2+ hour line.
3	When we first got in, I loved this place.  It was still early, and it wasn't too crowded.  We mainly stayed in a smaller room, to the left of the main room.  They were playing old school hip-hop and some eighties.  It was pretty cool.  We wanted to hear some newer hip-hop so we went in the main room.  By this time, it was about 2AM.  It didn't seem that crowded - until you went on the dancefloor.  We pushed our way onto the dancefloor, and then - PARTY OVER.  It was so packed that you can't dance, let alone move.  Not fun.  I don't see myself going back here, unless it's early.  Too crowded.
2	The look of the place is great. Of course it is, it's Vegas baby!I just really hated how they had everyone wait in line for over an Hour even though they were already open.Plus $40 cover? I don't know if paid that full amount but my guy friends did...it sucks.
4	I'm not the club type, never have been and never will be, I've always preferred to just go to a chill bar. But last week I was in Vegas with my aunt who hadn't been to Vegas since she was about 15 years old (she's 30 now) so I knew we had to do it right. We arrived on Monday afternoon and checked into our suite at the Venetian (review to come) and then met up with my parents and grandparents for dinner. We all headed over to the Mirage around 9pm for a few pre-dinner drinks and as we entered the hotel were given free passes to Jet. Never having heard of it before we decided we would check it out before heading to Ceasar's Palace that night. Then when we got drinks at some casino bar we were given an invitation to Jet as well. Better check it out...And man am I glad we did. With all our passes and invitations we didn't have to wait in any of the lines that most were standing in or pay the cover charge. Then once inside we were let into the VIP room where there were a million guys with a million bottles of Grey Goose sitting around and waiting for the ladies to arrive. We hung out in there, listened to some good hip-hop/rap and then decided to check out the rest of the club. It has a great set-up, big sunken dance floor separated from the actual bar itself by a few steps. The music, lights, effects, monitors were all really great. Of course lots of your typical night club douche-baggery but whatever. Drinks were ridiculously expensive but strong (2 vodka & 7-ups and 2 shots = $46) but I guess that is too be expected when you are in a Vegas hotel nightclub. Also since I went on a Monday night it was apparently locals night/industry night so there were a lot Vegasites there (I was going to say Las Vegans but that can't be right). Hell for a Monday it was probably the best place to be in Vegas.
4	Jet was the craziest club we went to this past weekend! Got on the guest list and it turned out to be a party hosted by Lil' Jon. Great music (rap/r&b hits from a couple years ago) and awesome lights. However, it got extremely packed as the night went on, and I just became tired of pushing drunkies off my feet. Also, many girls took advantage of the stripper poles in the center- one even got naked- and on that note, it was time to exit. Will definitely hit Jet on the next trip!
4	It's hard to be partial when I had such a good time at Jet while it was a Lil' John Crunk Cup party.  We didn't have to pay except for the out of towners.  The setup's not too bad.  There's only that one big room.  Plenty of bars.  Plenty of stripper poles in the middle for girls to dance on.  The music was very good.  Not much more I could ask for.
3	If you don't mind paying $10 (yes, $10!) for a Red Bull and $6 (yes, $6!) for a small bottle of Evian water, this place is for you! One of the girls in our group knew someone who works here, so we were able to secure a private area right on the side of the dance floor, and we didn't have to pay a cover charge or stand in line for more than 5 minutes. But this also meant that we had to get bottle service, so we ended up paying a little more than a thousand dollars for two bottles of Skyy Vodka (which would normally cost about $30 each at the grocery store) and a couple of mixers (juice and tonic/soda water only; everything else was a separate cost, hence the world's most expensive cans of Red Bull). The service was far from fantastic, though. When I had bottle service at a little lounge in the Bellagio one year, I could barely lift a finger without someone rushing to my side and offering to do something for me. They hovered around like vultures, waiting for us to reach for the bottle so they could swoop in and pour the drink/light the cigar/wipe up spills, etc. Not so at Jet. Our server popped by a few times to check in, but only the first drink was poured for us. Not that I feel the need (or want) to be waited on at all times, but it'd  be nice to get the service you're paying for.Despite this, we had a great time. There was ample room in our area to dance, though lots of random people encroached on our area (which was fine with me, unless they were harassing my married/taken/simply uninterested friends). The ceiling is covered with video screens (or something similar) which emit crazy flashing lights, and there are several "stripper poles" on platforms for everyday people to dance on. (The very large woman wearing no pants--seriously, no pants--was a hit.) There were apparently two other rooms with different types of music, but we just stayed put. The music was good but sometimes the DJ would play only a snippet of a great song and then move on to something else, which is always a little disappointing. But I managed to stay there until about 3:30 a.m. (impressive for me, as I'm an old lady at heart and had to get up at 8:00 to get to the airport) and had a blast.
2	This place was totally insane, despite the fact that I was technically here for a private party and thus was permitted to leave the fray of stripper poles with girls clinging to them like lifelines.  I liked that if you thought the music sucked in one room, you could just go to the next, but here's the problem--all the music sucked!  In all three rooms!Trashiest crowd I've ever seen -- and it seemed to skew heavily female, perhaps because of bachelorette parties.  Typically, I don't like to take New Jersey with me when I travel.  I realize that's part of the bargain with Vegas, but this was more than I'd gambled on.  Pun totally intended.
4	I went to JET and had a fun time! We went on a Saturday night and it was completely packed!
3	JET was the club of the moment when we went.  A friend of ours got us on the list and we were promised NO WAITING!  I was skeptical.  When we got there, people were lined up like they were waiting for Space Mountain!  We checked in and were told to wait in a certain area and it would be a few minutes.  It was true!  We stood there for less than 5 minutes and went right in.  We bypassed the lines and didn't have to pay!Once we were in, the place was pretty small.  If I remember correctly there were 2 or 3 rooms. We headed to the bar and got our first round. The wait time for the drinks wasn't too bad.The music was really good but as it got later, everyone who was lined up was now inside.  Overall experience was good.
3	I would say this place is a-ok for the most part, yeah. We were staying at the Mirage so a major pro was that we didn't have to travel too far.  Like many others, we got on the list b/c of a guy that approached us upon check in.  He gave us passes for Thurs and Fri night and told us he'd walk us in..no wait, no paying, and drinks on Fri were free for ladies between 1030 and 12am.  Cool. So...after dinner and pre drinking we made our way downstairs, found the guy, got our wristbands..he checked us in, led us to a small waiting area and we chilled for about 5 mins before going in.  The line was CRAZY long.  I personally enjoyed myself but would NEVER wait in a line for this place.  The free drink thing is actually 4 tickets but it was alright.  After 12am the bud lights were $9.50 and the mixed drinks were around $12. The guys are ALL UP ON EVERYONE.  We met some nice ones...but you never TRULY know how genuinely "nice" they are unless you chill for a while and we don't really do that....sooooo....not sure. NO place to dance in the main room...dance floor is saturated with tables. Personally upset I left my 40lb head dress at home cuz about 20 gals were wearing them.  What the?
4	Love JET, Me and the guys made a trip to Vegas early last year and had bottle service. Pricy?? Yes... Our tab was around $1400.00 or so for a couple bottles of Goose, Jack Daniels and Red Bull/ Mixers. Best part about this type of treatment.Your own security guard.That's right, your OWN SECURITY GUARD.Why? How many times have you needed to go to the bathroom only to be pushed around by the masses as you aimlessly make your way toward the restroom and the journey ends up consuming over half an hour. Ramon (our private guard), led the way for us each and every time we needed to use the facilities, as well as, kept away gold digging girls and douche-bag guys trying to smooze in for a free drink unless you give specific permission. If you have a group, muscle it up and go for this service, you won't be disappointed.
4	Best club for dancing ever.  If you want to dance your ass off in Vegas definitely hit up JET.  Not as many frills, whistles and bows as some of the other top clubs in Vegas, but the DJ, music, dance floor and lighting effects don't get better than this.  The club consists of 3 different rooms all with different styles of music, that surprisingly don't blend together.  The main room is basically a huge black box with 2 bars on opposite sides and a dance floor sunken down in the middle.  The VIP booths sit around the outside of the dance floor and in the middle are the illustrious stripper poles (Which I have to admit I've been on a few times 2 many!).  The best thing about this dance floor (beside the aforementioned polls) is the ceiling.  It's a pix-elated screen (think really old Nintendo graphics) that flash, change color and sync up to the music.  The drink sare little cheaper than (Pure, Tao and Tryst), but watch out for the shot girls. They get pissed if you don't tip well.  The crowd tends to be younger and a little less refined than at other clubs on the Vegas Strip.The only complaint I have about this club is the line.  They obviously have a line for just girls that moves fast, but the GP line is a line.  They don't pull people out, so you just have to wait your turn, which can sometimes be a little bit annoying, but once inside it's defiantly worth it.  So get there early and bring a drink to sip on while you wait!My Experience with My Sorority Sisters:JET is a great club for a group of girls who want to drink and dance all night.  The 3 times we have come here, we went right in and didn't pay cover.  We had a hookup, but all you have to do is go into the girls only line and get right in.  The stripper pools are the best, but both the women's restrooms are tiny and have long, slow moving lines.  The club is fairly small and square, so it's easy to split up and then find each other again and the outside of the club provides a great place for a pic.  I've found the guys to be a little cheap here, so if you looking for a place to flirt and get free drinks, you might want to go somewhere else.  I would definitely check this club out, if you have 2 night to party and have gone to one of the other major clubs 1st.My Experience with my Fiance:Overall a fun place to dance and drink.  The line is a little long and they don't pull couples out.  My fiance had to pay cover both times we went, but they have never charged me.  We always have a blast here, you just have to be patient and wait, but you will be rewarded in the end with the best night of DJ mixing and music on the strip.
3	Hot slutty bartenders. yesssss.Dancing polls... sweet.Free admission for hot girls to get in - check.Same problem with over-crowing and drink spillage though. Also, though there are three rooms, the music was all the same.I've had better.
3	They open at 10:30 but like to let the line build up lto look ike its actually busy til almost 11.  Their promoters SUCK!!! If you ever get approached by a short girl named Sara do NOT believe a word she says.  We were told that we would get in 4 free which was a given and she would give us a wristband that would get us free drinks until midnight.  Sounds great right?  Total lie.  They just say that so you can go and b like f* it we're already here.  Little snake! Music was GREAT though. DJ did an awesome job. Boo 4 no Lil Wayne beeing played.  Our whole group had a really good time.  The place itself was pretty big. 2 rooms.  The go go girls sucked though.  They had no rhythm and were wearing fake blond wigs that kept fallin out and just looked horrible. Overall they get the 3 stars bc our group had a great time. The music was good and 1 for the club size itself.
2	Take some advice people, I mean its basically on the sign, Jet out of here. Of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas this is one of my least favorite. The club itself is a square shrouded in darkness (thank god for the two guys who go down the walkways with flashlights so you can actually walk places).  The music when I went was awful a mixture of techno with no hip hop, that might be some people's type of music but I dont carry around a glow stick. On top of it all there's one bathroom in the corner of the bar. Basically where our table was the bathroom was about a half mile, I had half a mine to just pee in the corner it was dark enough who would've noticed? In the city of sin there are many clubs who soar about this one, visit those, skip this one.
2	There was a lot of potential when Jet first opened, the ambiance was posh, the crowd is beautiful, the music is kickin, and the decor was great.  The one thing that kept Jet going in the direction that they were going (at one point - UP), is the crappy service and nothing more.The bouncers, cocktail waitress, and bartenders here have all been uber lame.  Promoters try hard to sell this place out on the weekend, but most folks are flocking to other clubs as of late because JET often tries too hard to be a better club than it is.  This results in a huge line, which VIPs even have trouble getting through and folks on the list are likely to have to pay "extra" to be able to set foot into the club.Prices of course are ridiculous.  My $16 grey goose tonic had more ice than alcohol and a bottle for the group of Johnny Walker Black was a cool $700.  That was even on a "discount."I've had good times here before and often times knowing the right people can really make or break a club experience.  I can only hope that JET doesn't go on my Vegas black list for clubs.  Do like the rest of the folks and Jet off to some place with a little more class.
3	Eh... I'm glad I was drunk. HOWEVERWhat is up with the rude ass bouncers?? I don't know if it was because Paul Pierce was at the club so security was heightened or if they're just plain jerks but this is what happened.Some nitwit thought it would smart to have VIP sections on the four corners of the dance floor in the main room. The VIP sections are just roped off so when it's extremely crowded, people may overstep the rope or fall into it. WELL. We got invited into the VIP but the bouncer wouldn't let. WTF? And then on top of that, it was extremely crowded so we were getting pushed this way and that, right, left, up, down, sideways, and the security guards had the fucking nerve to SHOVE US and YELL. Terrible rude ass people.. FUCK YOU.However, the doorman that was giving us drink tickets all night is cool.. Unlimited drink bracelets are the shiieet and plus this place was bigger than LAX so it was a little more enjoyable..But those bouncers need to check themselves.
2	RUDE, rude bouncers, rude people. This place was packed to the gills, you could not walk or hardly breath. no one lets you pass and people push you, this male bouncer actulaly pushed my female friend WTF!!!. There are vip tables in each corner of the club so the dance floor is really compact, there is a techno house room and the other room was playing 70s music, all in all not the best experience. But the music in the main room was good and there were  free shot girls walking around earlier in the night..
4	We were a group of 5 guys and went to Jet last Saturday after a first round at Beatles Revolution. It was 1AM and there were about 12 guys already waiting in line. One group ahead of us soon gave up, saying they'd been waiting for 30 minutes. Luckily I noticed our host from Beatles Revolution nearby and asked him if he could speak to the Jet doorman about what we'd need to do to get in. Purchase a minimum of one bottle, we were told. Agreed. The bottles were a little high on the pricing scale relatively speaking (started at $425 I think) but no way can you argue with a 1 bottle minimum for a table. I appreciated how we were treated at the door and tipped the host. An hour after sitting down at our table (which was in one of the side rooms) the host had us moved to a table on the main dance floor. Our server Beth was exceptional - friendly, fun, professional (perhaps too nice as she annoyed her co-workers by asking us to join them at their table the following night at Bank). Jet was crowded but not overly so. There was room to walk around. Table service was worth it, especially when we were seated on the main dance floor. It was easy to meet people here and the crowd seemed less concerned with posturing than some other places we went this weekend (Bank).
3	First timer here over the past weekend. Place has 3 room with different music. We ended up in the hip hop room. Got bottle service like always, to enjoy the night versus being slammed with the rest of the crowd. Had to say, I was a bit dissapointed, due to that fact that majority of the crowd was dudes. It didn't bother until I decided to rome the club and see what I was missing out on. NOTHING!!!. More and more dudes packed in. YEAH!!. DJ was horrendous, kept on missing his beat ( remeber, we were in the hip hop room ), playing some whack old school music. I could go on about this DJ. Overall : ok, I would come back again for their famous monday night                        parties
3	I really don't remember anything about JET. If you only got 2 hours sleep and drinking (and other things) for 16 hours straight you wouldn't know what the hell was going on either.BUT I do remember 1 thing - one of the bouncers thought I had a fake ID so he made me recite everything and sign my signature twice. Try doing that super wasted. And yeah, I'm freakin' 26! Bastards. So 2 stars off for that. Oh and we paid less here for drinks than at Tao. I got my usual LIIT and my girl got a Crown and Coke.  We were really confused about that. Like $12 cheaper confused.Otherwise, it was just another Vegas club.
3	Jet was on of the clubs we went to this weekend. When we first got there the line was wrapped around the building. Luckily the people we went there with had VIP passages so we only had to wait about 10 minutes to get in. Once we got in I felt like we were walking into a wall of people. It was packed! The place has 3 rooms with different types of music all qually packed. We ended up sticking to the hip hop room which had probably the most people attempting to dance. I say attempting because you could barely move without hitting into the person next to you. The music was good, but way too loud. We were right by the speakers, so we thought we were going to go def half way though the night. Drinks were okay...nothing special. Overall it was okay....I could take it or leave it.
4	I have to support Jet because I've never had to pay to get into this place because of a friend.It's a decent club that always ridiculously crowded. I've met a lot of people here and out of all the clubs in Vegas, this is probably the least showy and extravagant. It's really down to earth for the Vegas scene. Not dirty and scummy, not super hip/posh/pretentious. Celebrities go here still, but it's not a torrid affair. It still is a Vegas club with all the trickery, falseness, and the plastic body parts--but it's kind of like a high priced open-to-the-public Hollywood club. Of course I was there on a Thursday last and it might have just been a good crowd.All the people who get bottle service here are wasting their money. All the people who go here and pay a cover are wasting their money. If you're a guy, go and bring a girl for each arm and they'll let you in for free. Booze up before you get there because there are plenty of cheaper drinks than inside the club. You just have to know how to work these clubs, other wise you're just another fool that pays for everything. The real VIP treatment is when you don't have to ball to get treated like a VIP. Vegas clubs suck in general, but this club is the least suckest of the clubs I've been to.
4	I went to JET with three other people in April 2007, right after it opened. I believe we went to JET on a Friday. We were between JET and Tao and chose JET. We were staying at the Mirage and left our rooms early so we wouldn't have to wait in line forever. Wrong. The line was pretty freaking long despite getting there 45 minutes before the club opened. It seemed like there was a "main" line and then another line where they chose people out of the "main" line to be some of the first to get in. Lucky for us, our slutted-up Vegas outfits paid off and they let us skip to the front. The drinks were good and strong- typical Vegas pricing. We spent most of the time in the techno room, but also went to the huge room where they played mostly Top-40s stuff. It was super packed. Music was greatI hate when they charge for water. We must have spent $100 on Evian at the end of the night. Annoying!
3	Jet is only open on Friday, Saturday and Monday.   It's an unusual setup appearing to be designed to serve as much alcohol as possible.  The main area is a huge rectangle with the bars extending from front to back along both sides.  The bottle service tables are in the the middle section on both ends with the dance area in the middle of the middle section.   Did you get that?   There is a back room with another bar and small dance floor with more bottle service tables.  It might be easier to get a drink back here.  On Monday, Industry Night, it's just too damn crowded.   There's not too much happening on Monday's but it's just too crazy here.
1	This place was nothing short of a disaster.  When we went, glad I didn't have to pay cover for this hellhole, it was Donnie Walhberg's birthday celebration.  After waiting for at least two painful hours to get in (getting in line at 9:30 or so), you think this place should have been handing out gold or something.  Getting in was the biggest clusterfuck - it was people moving from one line, getting to the front, and then being moved to a brand new line.  One of the men who worked there and led the disaster of organizing entrance, was far too into his red bull and cocaine, and had no business being in charge of anything.Drinks were terribly high-priced.  The worst of the trip.  The crowd was pretty unattractive; saying nothing about the nine or so women pole dancing in the center and behind the $500 tables.More light flashing and music pulsating does not equate to a good time.  We finally got fed up with everything and left before Donnie and Joey McIntyre showed up.  The bathrooms looked cool, but if that's the best part about a club, when there are so many to choose from, why bother?  Hell no.  No wonder I had never heard of this shit dive.
4	I really enjoyed this place but I wouldn't even bother going here unless you have a pass or you plan on getting there before 10:00.  I got in around 11:00 and the same people where still waiting to get when I left a couple hours later.  Once you get inside it's a lot of fun.  They played great dance music.
1	I had high expectations for this club and was severely disappointed. Here are my main(many) gripes:-Apparently you have to be willing to throw down some serious money to even get a place to sit in this club. All the sitting areas were VIP or bottle service. So ladies, think twice before you wear your heels cause you'll be standing in them all night long.-The bouncers are dicks. All of them. Now I know they're not suppose to be warm and fuzzy to the club-goers, that's not what they get paid to do, but they were straight up assholes who used their flash lights too liberally. I don't know how many times I got blinded from a flash light pointed straight in my face and everywhere we went we got greeted with "You can't stand here." Also, my friend got elbowed by one of the bouncers trying to clean up a broken glass on the dance floor not once but several times.-ALL the bars are a fucking disaster. So crowded it's almost worth smuggling a flask in and saying "screw it" to ordering a drink. We switched to beer after one mixed drink because we thought it would speed up the bar process. Didn't make a difference and to top it all off one of the rounds we ordered turned out to be beers gone bad(skunky). Awesome.-The club has 3 separate rooms that are suppose to offer 3 different genres of music. Hip-hop, electronic and reggae I believe. This wasn't the case. Every room was hip-hoptastic and several times we walked in to another room only to hear the same song that was played 20 minutes beforehand in the room we were just in. I don't know how many times I heard "Please Don't Stop the Music" by Rhianna that night.-Crowded dance floors. So much so that dancing was a joke. I danced for all of 5 mins. before I gave up.-There's ONE men's bathroom in the whole joint and at least 3 women's restrooms. I know women have a tendency to use the bathroom more than men, but c'mon, this club is 10,000 sq. ft.!  Put another dude's bathroom in for Christ's sake!One good thing about the club experience: We bought front of the line passes online and they were so worth it! we walked right in, no waiting in line at all. I'll definitely buy front of the line passes again...but for another club :)
3	I had really high expectations for Jet.  I'd rate it higher if only my legs/feet weren't covered w/ alchi.  Shit.  Everyone is either really clumsy or really drunk when it comes to not spilling their drinks.  The floor got really wet and of course the workers had to sweep it up.  Every 10 minutes, there seems to be some kind of drink on my cute lil feet while I was dancing. Also, NEVER EVER again wearing sandals.  My friends and I decided to wear sandals this night cuz our feet was killing us from dancing on heels for 2 nights in a row.  So wearing sandals for comfort was a must.  However, no one ever told me this is where you find FUCKIN TALL ass people here, like 6 ft. tall.  Damn, my head was seriously on their ass cuz that's how tall they were that night.  And getting elbowed in the head was not fun either.  But whatever, I still made the most of it, and I knew how to work around it =)  Overall, still a really fun night.  Definitely HELLA crackin on Monday Nights =)  No cover and you get to surpass the line if you got VIP.  YESSSS, VIP!!!  =)  I'd go here again, no doubt.
5	--How to look like a Celebrity, "JET style."--1)  Wear the shortest metallic dress and tallest heels possible.  (Think Miss America, not 'Bigfoot Goes to Vegas').2)  Walk directly up to the Host, look around nervously and whisper, "sorry we're late."3)  While bypassing admission lines, cover your eyes with one hand because you have a migraine. (Everyone will think you're trying to avoid being spotted).4) Pout with lips.  (For extra pouty, remember the time you borrowed - and ruined - your sister's designer purse and had to buy her a new one).5) Look hungry. (For more dramatic affect, BE hungry).6) If you arrive at 11:45 and free drinks end at 12:00, tip the bartender $20 and ask him to line up free shots for your friends to do in a three-round relay race.  (To make it classy, point your pinky out while holding your nose).7) If you need to use the restroom here, DON'T.  It's gross, and friends don't let friends go potty here.  Leave the club and go potty in the lobby of the Mirage (okay, not IN the lobby, but in the restroom there) and THEN return to the club.   Your hand is stamped, and you'll easily be re-admitted.8) If there's a performer the evening you're there, solicit an invite from the Host to the VIP table directly next to the stage.  If the 50 year-old you've been chatting with ALL night turns out to be married to an 80's icon, pretend like it doesn't faze you.  (But don't kiss him, because your karma already isn't looking pretty and being a homewrecker won't help).9) Act like a $3,700 table service bill is not the highest one you have ever seen.  *cough*10) Shield yourself from undesired advances until Warren G. performs RIGHT in front of you, takes photos with you, and then invites you and your friends up to his room for a risque night-cap.11) Say yes to his hugs, but no to his drugs.  Politely decline the night-cap, because even though you might be DRESSED like a celeb who kisses her friends and snorts coke off the lower backs of rap stars, you most certainly are NOT one.5 'Celebrity Style' Stars
3	I love lightgroup.I love jeanette who was my host that took of care of me and my guests for my bday. I love jeanette cus shes super cool making sure we got everyone situated.I loved the little fireworks they brought out to the vip tables.I love the side rooms dropping bubbles and confetti.Did I mention I love jeanette?I don't have love for the bouncers constantly moving us around with no place to go.I don't have love for the 30 sec songs and annoying massups in the main room.
3	Came here with my wife and my buddy, uneven guy and girl ratio and were to meet up with my wifes friends bachelorette party.  We walked right up to the ropes and told them and although they could not find her name on the list, oops they didn't have a table we got past the huge friday night line.The place was packed and a few too many guys-girl ratio, especially the a-hole who was bumping into everyone on the dance floor so he could make more room for himself.  The drinks although expensive, think $12 for a shot and if you want it mixed with redbull and another $5 were easily accessible.  I guess I will have to try harder to get into one of the finer clubs by getting a table or showing up with wife and friends.
4	I have mixed feelings about Jet it all depends on what kinda event is going on...  I have never had to wait in line there or anywhere for that matter and last year for Tiesto I think Labor day weekend me a gf of mine had to wait over and hour... Soon as I get in I run up to bar and order to drinks cause it seemed to be taking forever to get attn from the bartender witch is another thing that rarely happens to me... I started complaining to some guy next to me about my experience turns out hes 1 of the owners brothers so he comps my drinks all night for me and my friends and walked me to the door to bitch out the door guy...   So all and all that's the kinda service I like... So its hit or miss when it comes to Jet...
5	Went to Jet this past weekend and LOVED it! Mainly because we got a table in the main room.  I think since I've gotten older, I spoiled myself with table service everytime I visit Vegas...so we ended up splurging yet again.  We had one of the bigger tables on the high stage part and I swear, that's the best seat in the house!   You get a big ass couch in the corner and pretty much your own dance floor.  Thanks to Janette from The Light Group! She helped us out 2x this year and I called her last minute to help me get a table...she's awesome.  The other tables that were on the dancefloor looked to crowded since the dancefloor ended up overflowing into their VIP area. As for the music in the main room..it was really good, although I don't know if it was because I was drunk, but they didn't seem to play a song for more than 30 seconds.  Maybe I was just drunk....Getting to and from our table to the bathroom was hard though.  It was fairly crowded near the bar area so I'd have to snake through the crowd just to use the bathroom.  This place actually kind of reminds me of The Bank (maybe because they are both The Light Group?).  All in all.....I had a blast.  But what more can you ask for if you have good company, good music and lots of alcohol!
5	So I've decided that any club that allows me to party along side celebrities is a good club. That being said - I attended Zach Braff's bday celebration here at Jet in the Main Room - he was turning 30, his Scrubs costars were there - including Donald Faison-, and well, he looks 30. But that's not the point. Jet is always jam packed. Easy to get into if you're just a group of girls (sorry boys!). And well, always bumping. From the Hip Hop room to the Techno room to the Main Top 40 room.
5	Pretty cool club! And I hate clubs! I think I likd it a lot because of the people watching. They closely pay attention to who they allow in. Not that I care about this since I am in a relationship, but there must have been 5 women for every 1 guy in this club, and very good looking women. They bartender women/VIP waitresses were all wearing skimpy outfits, corsets, etc... and while the club was getting started up, they were all dancing.  It was fun, the place kept me entertained when we were not dancing.
4	I liked the multiple rooms.... I was sitting at a cafe in the Mirage drinking coffee w/ a girlfriend and a promoter approached us and asked if we wanted to get the girls in our group on the list and the guys comp'd admission... of course we said yes! (we were already planning on going) After stepping in, each of the girls got handed 3 Absolut drink tickets... yay free admission and free drinks! Really... talk to promoters if you want to get into any of these clubs, they really help you out :) It was really really cold inside the club... but I still had fun even though I was sober and hungover.
2	Well...After I skimmed a few of the reviews below me, I feel shortchanged! There's more than one room?? What?? Maybe the below will explain why I didn't know that...We came here on a Saturday night around 12:30/1am. There were about 10 people in the regular line. A few in the VIP/Invited Guest lines. We were handed passes for free admission after we left LOVE but they were only supposed to be valid until 11 or 12, something like that, so we just stood in the regular line. We waited maybe 5 minutes tops and got in right away (just myself and a girl friend). We got to the cashier, $30 a head (eek) and we handed them the passes which we thought had expired an hour ago and they let us in for free! Yay!Headed straight to the bar for 2 shots of Patron Silver and a Red Bull and Vodka. $40 later and slightly warm throated we walked over to the dance floor and were immediately asked if we wanted to hang out with some boys in the VIP by a bouncer. Um, yes please! We hung out with some army boys and drank grey goose and ended up dancing for the next two hours. Maybe too much alcohol to realize I should explore? Anyway, from what I saw before I was even drinking...No decor in the mainroom? Just black walls? Really nothing special at all...The music was okay, all hip-hop including an awkwardly long flashback set.
4	i will admit i liked it here. just like every club in vegas, of course it will be packed. they have a lot of seating areas and each section has its own pole! more for everyone [girls]!
4	if we didn't have plans to see EVERY club in vegas that night, we might have stayed at jet. its really is a nice venue and everyone who works for them is extremely hospitable. we stayed at the mirage over the weekend, which also may have contributed to the fact that jet didn't seem like such a "night out" .. the door is well run, and girls of course - free. music was good. our bartender was snotty, scoffed at our complimentary drink bracelets and directed us to go get "drink tickets" what the hell are those? what does that even mean? that's right about when we left. STILL.. jet looked like it was shaping up to be fun, its small but in that "exclusive" way.  try to check it out if you have time in your stay, but don't go too out of your way.
4	I have to second another reviewer that mentioned Jeanette! She was an awesome host for our Girls Night Out meetup.com group. She secured us a huge table, several bottles of vodka, drink tickets, and no waiting in line all for free. Thanks Jeanette, we love you!Anyways, even without the lovely Jeanette hooking us up, I still don't see why people hate this place. I do prefer Tryst, but I didn't think that this place is that much worse. Music was about the same.. I liked that there were a couple different rooms (I never found this supposed 3rd room), and I thought the setup/dance pit was pretty cool. Drinks were STRONG from the bar (despite the fact I used free coupons), and I found the bartenders to be friendly. Clientele was typical "I'm from LA please come up to my hotel room" douche bag types.. but whtaever, that's how clubbing in Vegas is.In closing, I don't even like nightclubs, but this one seemed decent. I've only been to 3 clubs now, but so far the ranking is Tryst, then Jet, then Lavo is a distant 3rd..
4	On Saturday night after some drinking at the Wynn, our group decided to head over to the Mirage for some dancing at Jet. Now this was my very first time going to a Vegas club without having a table or being on the guestlist, so I was a bit nervous about the whole wait in line business. However, thankfully we were good and toasty at that point, the group I was with is hilarious, and we met some awesome people in line. Not sure exactly how long we waited in line, but I would estimate 30 minutes at least. When we got in, the ladies got in free and the guys paid $30 cover each. So typically Vegas.The inside has a main room with a dance floor and tables for bottle service, as well as a stage with poles for those girls feeling frisky. There are some other rooms off the main room, which I enjoyed more when we made our way to one of them. Much less crowded and easier to get drinks. In the main room, our group was able to find an area off to the side that had a small bar in the wall where we could put drinks down and dance. The music was awesome...lots of hip hop with some classic rock thrown in. My husband and I had a great time dancing on the main dance floor even if we did get bumped into a few times.I definitely wouldn't get a table at Jet in the main room...they were practically on the dance floor. I prefer getting tables at clubs that are set a bit away from the main area so you can have privacy if you want it or a retreat from the craziness of the dance floor. However, I would definitely go back to Jet in the future because the ambiance was cool, the music was good, and the people watching was awesome.
3	I'm generally not a fan of waiting in line at clubs (ok, really, I'm not a fan of waiting anywhere. My natural enemy is the line.) but our group was playing things by ear that night and it landed us at Jet. We waited for about 45 minutes or so to get in but I have to say that the line was very well organized and the bouncers were very nice and tried to keep everyone in a good mood. If you are in a group of girls, of course, you can get in much faster. But being that we are nice girls we decided not to ditch our husbands (we are, after all, legally obligated to them once the trip is over) and to wait it out with them. I had always avoided going to Jet and I could never figure out why. Now having gone there I know. Its just a club. It could be anywhere. There is nothing particularly special about it in any way. I would not get bottle service here, I don't think its necessary at all. There was never a long line for the bar, and it never got to the point where it was so crowded you couldn't move. For the money that you would spend on bottle service here I would suggest you go to Tao or Tryst instead. The music in the main room was ok, they did keep switching between pop and classic rock which tends to annoy me as I find it hard to dance to songs like Sweet Home Alabama. I enjoyed the back room where they were playing old school hip hop much, much, more and if I should ever return to Jet I would stay in that room and that room only. However, I'm not sure that I would return as I think Jet is nothing special.
4	I'm not a big club go-er but I have to admit I had a lot of fun at Jet.  I didn't have to stand in line because my boyfriend works for another lightgroup property, but from what I saw the lines moved fairly quickly, however people tend to cluster around the front trying to get the attention of the hosts.  I went on a friday night and it seemed like the peak hours were between 11pm and 1am.Inside there are 3 different rooms, each playing their own style of music.  The main room is visually stunning with all the screens on the ceiling and the lighting was pretty crazy.  My group and I headed straight to the farthest room from the front.  It tends to be less crowded and they play great old school hip hop and r&b jams.  Never a very long wait time at the bar and the female bartenders are all hot and extremely fast.  A few tips: don't try to roam around the club too much.  It gets really crowded, especially around the main room by the bars. and people don't get out of your way so don't be surprised if you get pushed around a bit. The closest place to park is level 4 of the parking structure.  There's a direct walkway to the club. Try to leave your coat in the car.  $5 really isn't worth it to me if you park close enough.Overall, this was one of my favorite clubs to go to (mainly because of the music).  I think it's a great place if you want to just dance and have a good time with your friends.
4	Jet is awesome!  It's not as hyped like the major clubs in Vegas but it's just as fun, if not better.  The music is always good and there's always a great crowd.  I love the poles and platform in the middle of the dance floor, after a few drinks you can't help but gravitate towards that area!  Another staple of this club is their lighted ceiling, the colors just make your buzz much more enjoyable.  **For those coming to Vegas with a fake I.D., Jet has the tightest security.  I had a fake I.D. for about 6 months and I used it all over the strip but Jet was the ONLY place to reject me.  Don't bother trying cause the bouncers know what they're doing.  Use my advice and save the embarrassment!!**
5	Of all the clubs I have partied at in Vegas, JET by far was one of my favorites. Probably due to the dope friends that I went to Vegas with, a bday celebration, and the fact that we stayed in a penthouse suite at the Mirage. 2 girls, 5 guys...not a very good guy girl ratio, so the guys had to wait in line for an hour! but they still got in for free!! =) three rooms and they all played great music, but the one to right of the main room (from the entrance) was the best! They played all the good music old school to mainstream! DJ was great in there, we all danced the night away!The bartender hooked it up for us that night, many rounds of free shots as long as we gave them good tips!! She mixed very good drinks as well! The birthday celebrant, Jon, was so wasted!! Well, we all definitely pre partied before hitting up the club. Anyway, I have to say, I like the vibe of this club and I had a great time! It got way crowded towards the end of the night, but thats expected for vegas clubs! This is one club you should definitely check out!
3	I went there for my bachelorette party with my girl friends and thought the club wasn't as great as expected to be.  We got hooked up to get in for free by one of their promoters, which was really nice and I can't complain.  The interior has very nice decor but relatively small.  It was very hard to manuver through the main dance floor and even worse to get through the bar area.  It was impossible to move around so we left after being there for 20 minutes.  I give one extra prop for no need to wait in line for it.  Other than that, I think the place is overrated.  Feel bad for the people who were outside waiting for 2+ hours.
5	I've had so much fun at JET!  We recently went there with a large group of friends and had a great time.  If you go, get bottle service and you'll see that the staff is fun and VERY attentive...way better level of service than at some other clubs.  The music was very good, too....a perfect blend of dance, pop, and classic rock.  Our group ranged from late 20s to early 40s and everyone loved it.  I've been here on both a Thursday and a Saturday, and both nights are fabulous.
3	Although we've been to Vegas 5-6 times before our most recent trip this past Veterans Day weekend, we've never gone to a club but have spent most of our time eating, drinking, and gambling. When we decided to go for that weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday, we were excited to find out that they were into clubbing while in Vegas and looked forward to seeing what the scene was all about. So, even though I clearly don't know much about Vegas clubs, my common sense and fun-oriented side (along with feedback from my friends who *do* have Vegas experience) all add up to one conclusion about Jet: it's just not that great. After seeing pictures and hearing stories about serious Vegas clubs like Tryst at the Wynn or Tao at the Venetian, I can guarantee you that that's where we'll be headed next time we return to Vegas. We waited in line for about 45 minutes to get into JET. The bouncers were certainly friendly, but I wished that there had been a few slot machines or something nearby to keep us occupied! The staff inside the club was just as friendly as the bouncers but as we settled in and tried to find space to hang out, I soon found the space to be crowded with little room to move from area to area and the decor just not that interesting or impressive. Were the lights a little brighter, I think we would have seen that the "club" was actually a nicely decorated but standard lounge with U-shaped sectionals, a glass-topped bar, and some pendant lighting. Not worth a 45-minute line or a $35 cover charge for my husband, IMO. I will say that the other JET club-goers we interacted with were all really cool and fun, and I did have a great time. It's entirely possible that JET is a sort of Club 101 for people who don't want to frequent the flashier places and if that attracts a laid-back crowd, that may be worth noting. I still have little desire to return the next time I venture out into the club world, though. Instead, I'm going to explore what other nightlife Vegas has to offer.
5	jet is the best, hands down.if i am giving jet 5 stars in the nightlife scene, jet is AWESOMEEEEEE you better believe it.the security guards are NOT jerks at all. girls don't have to wait in line.waitresses walk around with platters of themed shots for the night which they give away for FREE. (although they pretty much require tips seeing as if you don't they will glare at you the whole night and probably tell the security guard to kick you out for being cheap). sometimes you will get one with a decent amount of alcohol but other times it may seem like u just drank juice. though you can get away with tipping about 2 dollars for 4 shots.. so at about 50 cent a shot, hey why not?the music is cool, top 40 in one room, old school in another, and HOUSE music in another :).the light display in the main room is AWESOME!!!! there are like 80 dissected square displays which display whatever the video dj wants and the moving light heads change colors to match the displays, honestly, view it from off the dance floor and you will really appreciate how much detail they put into it.2 gin and tonics ran me 22 dollars plus tip.line moves fairly quick but starts forming at around 9.it is in the MIRAGE hotel.jet is a great place to go if you don't want to deal with the ego.the people whom attend aren't jerks and happen to be really cool. it is not OVERWHELMED by bottle service  tables.. people may say that jet is for lower end vegas goers... but honestly, it's worth it in itself just being able to avoid the big headed douchebags which plague vegas.p.s. jet is FREE BEFORE 12 guy OR girl if you ask the concierge for tickets. that may be why i love it so much.
2	Awful.I dont know what 3 rooms they are talking about?! I found one room and a little bar area on the side (if thats a room, they are very misleading). The place is overly packed. It takes FOREVER to get ANYWHERE in this club. I left after about an hour.
1	Outdated.  Wack.  Small. Minor league club.See other reviews for better clubs in Vegas
3	fun place to go dancing... different rooms with different music.
4	Keep in mind as you read this review that I am a woman that mostly travels to Vegas alone, almost 30 y/o ....I've been to a good amount of the clubs in the prime hotels on the strip, and Jet is always a favorite.  As mentioned in other reviews, there are three rooms, each with a different sound.  I listen to mostly hip hop and rap, but I consider myself well-rounded musically, so I've enjoyed hanging in all three rooms.  My favorites are the room with the video screens and the smaller hip-hop-ish room in the middle, they both do a blend of top 40s and stuff you've actually heard before.  I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to get into this club, although that's not surprising because I am a girl.  It is also fairly easy to find someone to give you ladies' free passes, which never hurts because even if there is a line you will get shuttled to the front. I've always gone here on Mondays, which I guess is their Industry night, and its always nicely packed but still maneuverable.  Memorial Day monday was crazy, in a good way (I will say that that weekend I was with 2 female friends, and they were not impressed.  But ladies, you can't go to a club in vegas in your hooker heels, for FREE, and expect to have a place to sit.  I'm just sayin....).Since I'm obviously not getting bottle service alone, I usually try to find a place to post up (um, stand) so I can people watch and not get trampled.  I will say that there is a nice ledge by the walls/railings that divide the dance floor from the walkways, and that is good for leaning on when your feet start to hurt and of course for putting your drink on.The dance floors are okay, although the two bigger rooms tend to get a little ridiculous if you don't happen to like your feet stepped on in open toe shoes, which I don't.  Also, the floors get very slippery and with all the pumping bodies it can be dangerous.  So I tend to stay towards the outer edges, or get my dance on in the smaller room.Overall, the music is decent, although like all vegas clubs it has its wack moments when they try to do too much - you know what i mean.  There are your usual array of VIP areas, stripper poles, and drunk girls, etc, so there is plenty to see and laugh at.  The drinks are kinda expensive, like all places here, so prime if you're into that.  They're decently mixed at least, and the bartenders seem friendly.  Its kinda dark in some areas, especially in the walkways that connect the three rooms, so if you're feeling tipsy or under the influence of other compounds (....) watch yourself.  The bathroom is nice.  And there is usually a good ratio of guys for the insane amount of girls they let in.Bonus - Carnegie Deli is open 24 hours now in the Mirage, and they have the best, and hugest, sandwiches for that 3am drunk hunger you're gonna have.
2	Damn i really wanted to give this 1 star, but damn our waitress was so damn fine! I mean FINE! She had a slender body and huge...i mean huge implants hahaha! It was popping out everywhere... She was rubbing those all over my friends body when she was trying to get a tip from us. VERY NICE! Seriously though, this place is garbage. Doesn't compare to any of the other clubs in vegas, especially Tao or Prive. They had some boo boo ass promotion, where you buy one bottle, and get a second bottle free... damn we fell for it. We got a bottle of grey goose, which was well over 400 something dollars... and then we get this bottle of walmart brand vodka, which was so gross. The venue itself was so small, they had some ugly ass old people around, and too many horny dudes trying to hit on my friends. Money can't help you guys... sorryStay away from here!
4	Who?: Me and HubsWhen?: Friday, December 19, 12:30amWhat about it?: Got in right away because we had front-of-the-line passes that were purchased from the Light Group website.  It was very crowded and took a while for us to get to the dancefloor and when we got there, we couldn't really move, but we squeezed our way in anyway and tried to do our thang.  Apparently, that night there was some kind of Marciano (you know, like the Guess clothing line) thing going on.  Music was okay.  The DJ would play a string of  the most recent songs then he'd play some stuff I'd never heard of before.  I should also note that only the main room was open when I went, so I don't know how great those are.  There were a lot of creepy guys who would just stand, not dance, next to women who were dancing (and ignoring them) and then after a few minutes, they'd move onto another unsuspecting girl.  They seriously looked like serial killers or something - just really creepy.  Bartender was fast and the drinks were pretty cheap compared to clubs like Tao and the Bank.
3	We scored passes from a promoter walking down the Strip who said it included entry plus free drinks from 10pm-2am.  Ok...did we look like Vegas virgins?  I guess we did.  We ended up tipping him $20 (the suggested $5 per person).  I guess it was worth it cuz when we got there, the lobby had about 3 different lines going on that were full of eager clubbers.  I approached one of the snobby bouncers, flashed my pass, and he directed me to the shortest line.  Yes!  We got in right away (helps that your group is all chicks) and headed straight to the nearest bar.  Drinks are $15!  Damn!  But later on the main floor "shot" girls were walking around with free shots.  That was cool.  I really liked the music that night.  It was more hip hop which kept the crowd sweaty and excited.  I think they should regulate who can get up and use the poles.  If you ain't got it, sister, keep it to yourself and leave the poles to the pros!
2	Music was bad.. Mainstream, Nothing new at all.. Pretty boring..Main room was too packed.. i was getting pretty annoyed with everyone pushing each other around.. They had a Marciano give away contest that night *shrugs* where all these girls had a dance off.. I really dont know where the girls came from.. but they couldn't really dance! hahaDecor is nothing special at all.. So i don't know what the big hype about JET is about nowadays.. Poles to dance with in the middle of the main dance floor where all these girls try to get on..Lines are indeed very long at an early time but thank god for open bar until 12am for us with wristbands and free entry with a promoter that we met for Jet earlier that day at McDonald's!!!Off to Moon we went :) After them free drinks at the not so long of a wait bar!
3	Ive been here a handful of times and it is always packed and a good time for me.  We had a VIP table which always helps getting in and enjoying the time spent there. The DJ music was good to dance to, but the dance area is tight. They offer a platform pole where several women get up and dance on so that is fun to watch. This time the large private back room area was closed....renovations?! The private area last time is separated from the main area and offers private tables and dance areas for larger groups and a separate DJ.  Not a bad place to come with a group, but not so great for just a couple guys. There are better options in Vegas.
2	you know what? even with two stars = "Meh. I've experienced better" i did still have fun at Jet. I went thankgiving weekend, and it seemed from the looks of the people being turned away, they were being really strict on the dress code and the girl/guy ratio... which was good, i mean who needs a party full of sausages?  i brought my own, thank you. =)anyways, didn't have to wait long and got in for free. ...and no, i didn't tip the guy who gave me the passes. it was a rare moment that i didn't have any small bills, so i felt bad.  but he said we were cute couple and that we should go have fun anyways..  oops.  =/ first suprise : the place is super small. I'm really not sure what different rooms some people on this board are talking about. i make it a point to try to circle the venue whenever i go for the first time.  I saw one large room, with velvet ropes with their own bouncers so i guess that was the other "room?" who knows maybe the other rooms were closed off or something...two main bars line the room on the left and right of the entrance...  one female bartender made me a really weak long island. annoyed, i went to another bartender and bitched about it  "my last drink from that chick tasted like all soda...  he laughs and i order two rum and cokes which ended up being double shots with a splash of coke.  thank you kind sir.   i went back to him later and he was super generous again.  =)Danced the night away to a mix of top 40s and some 90's throwbacks and then some new stuff i hadn't heard...  and then what sounded some kpop?  WTH?  the place is pretty and the lighting is cool. there's a platform in the middle which is fun for watching girls fall as they attempt to swing around the stripper pole on it. The dance floor was super crowded.  they even had VIP areas on the dance floor which were just roped of tables.  there definitely is not enough room for that.  i saw the roped off area get smaller and smaller due to people dancing and grinding on the velvet rope I'd be pissed if i had paid the 500 bucks for that table...  the shot girls were out with free grey goose and pucker...i'm one to actually tip and be friendly (i saw some jerks take drinks right off her tray and almost knock the whole thing over!  how rude!) so one girl gave me her last two drinks and came back within a few minutes with another round.  me and the boyfriend actually found some space to hang out in this hallway by the entrance and take in the fact that it was actually a really nice space, it was just really small and too crowded...  cool spot with friendly service...  but just not THAT great...
4	The wait in line, BAH! The sticky floor, NO THANKS!Overall, it was pretty fun though! We were a group of 3 guys and 4 girls, but we all got in for free and there were complimentary drinks for the ladies. Well, we got the tickets from some guy named Eddie on the street and I think he screwed us over. The girls were suppose to get wrist bands in order to get the drink coupons, but we didn't have any, but the girl still gave us some tickets =) Thanks!The drinks could've been stronger and the chick running around with the 'free shots' was shady with handing them out until she counted her tips. WACK.Also, they let everyone and they mama into this club from cougars to fuglies. HAHAHAI noticed this review is turning more negative as I go on, the only reason I had super fun was cause I was with my friends and the music was pretty dope. Old school 90's hip hop. Oh yeah...
4	What's up with all the cougars up in here? More on that later. Whenever I see Jet on the strip, I think of it as less popular, younger sibling of places like Tao or Pure. It's like they wanna be cool like their brother/sister, but not really getting there. After being conned on the street by Eddie (works on the sidewalk between Paris and PH), we got comp passes for guys and free drink passes for the ladies for this place. As we walked into the Mirage, the same passes were being handed out for free. BAH. This also happened when we entered Ceasar's and got passes for Pure. Don't tip the people on the street with club passes. The wait was kinna long; 40 minutes. The original plan was to go to Jet for the free drinks, then head out to Lavo at the Palazzo. We got in the club around 11 so we decided to stay. So apparently Eddie was supposed to give the ladies bracelets for free drinks, but the club gave each of the girls drink tickets to compensate so it wasn't a complete loss. I think the best thing about the place was the lighting and the music. Yanno how some clubs say their lighting moves to the beat of the music when it really doesn't? This place really has top of the line lighting. For example, take 'The Next Episode' by Dr. Dre. In the song, there's a part when the music fades then the beats immediately start going again. So the lights stop flashing then a blue sexy light blankets the room when the song fades, but when the music starts up again the lights go crazy and move with the beat.If you want to avoid dance/house music, head over to the smaller room off to the side. 90's hip hop r&b all night. We also witnessed cougars dancing on top of tables here with their leopard dresses and zebra pant suits. They also had bottle service. Looks like someone dipped into their retirement fund early. 4 stars for the music, lighting, and the free shots being served. Minus 1 for the interior; it's like a club you'd find in any other major city.  Random trivia fact: NKOTB filmed their video here for the song 'Single'. Don't be fooled by all the sexy ladies in the video cuz it ain't like that in here. PS. I added some photos for this place. If you're in them, I'm sorry I ruined your photo.
4	Jet, we finally meet! Its about damn time, and you were worth going to! After a botched plan to go here and then Lavo, a group of friends and I ended up staying here. The only gripes I have with Jet was the "shoot me now" wait in line to get inside, and the extra sticky floors. Damn, can people not hold their drinks or what? Courtesy of this douchebag club promoter named Eddie, we got complimentary passes. I kinda tipped him too generously, and some of the passes he gave us for other clubs were not free admission unless you were a girl, despite the fact we had an even ratio. Actually, it ended up being 3 guys and 4 girls at Jet.Anyway, the club looked like any other upscale Vegas club, but the vibe here was crazy. The main room had people all over the place, and the music was mostly top 40 stuff mixed with some high energy/house beats. During our time there, the group I went with did a fair amount of "photo ninja-ing", while we got some photos of us as well. I do like being a photo ninja so I apologize (sorta) if I ruined your photo haha. We decided to check out the other room in the back past the bar, and that room was a lot more crackin' than the main room. although it was much smaller, people were dancing everywhere, while some waitresses were walking around with wet pussies. OK you pervs, I mean they were carrying around the wet pussy shot in trays, and you just had to tip them for giving you one. This isn't going well so I'll change topics.The music in this room met my preferences. Mostly hip hop and r&b, especially stuff from the 90s. The DJ He must have watched Notorious before his gig because he played a lot of Diddy/Mase/Tupac/Notorious B.I.G. He also incorporated some rock mashups, and I think he threw in some Journey, which got one of my friends really excited over it because she just loooooves Journey. There were a lot of cougars here too on a Friday night, especially at the VIP tables. I guess Studio 54 wasn't the place to be that night. Hahaha snap. On top of that, some fat guy passed out in out of the VIP couches and got kicked out. I just realized we only stayed a couple hours, but a couple of the people who we rolled with stayed behind to dance off their buzz. MY advice to you is to show up super early and try to get hat complimentary pass. I really enjoyed it here, but I wish we were able to hit up Lavo. Stupid line at Jet. Cheerio.
4	I went with my fellow yelpers to Jet, Clarisse C. Loren John B. and Jeffrey L.The line was really long and as a girl in heels, I had to take them off because it was just taking too long to get in there.  It was about an hour wait to get in. No thank you!  I repeatedly had to take my shoes off in the club because it was hurting.  Luckily I had my shoes on when i DID happen to step on the sticky parts.  Your shoe basically gets glued to the floor when you step in something sticky there.The main floor/room had the most people in it, and it was crazy, they played good music and the lighting was just perfect. I personally don't like strobe lighting too much because everything looks slow motion. haha.I didn't know what the deal is with the drink tickets and bracelets since my friends were the ones that took care of the club stuff.  All I know is that we needed bracelets to get free drinks, but the person didn't give bracelets so we got complimentary drink tickets (around 3 per girl).....the only thing about those drink tickets is that it only applied to VODKA drinks. We moved from the main room into a smaller room, and we definitely enjoyed the music in there much more.  They played a lot of Tupac, and Notorious B.I.G....lots of 90s rap music.  Stuff that I grew up to, it was good.  We danced a lot, and witnessed a guy get escorted out the club because his ass was passed out on the cushy couches. Overall my experience at Jet was pretty fun!  I'd definitely come back.
2	Am I in Atlantic City or Las Vegas?1. Remix of Mixx in Atlantic CityI really don't know which one is worse.2. Night at the Roxbury Feel.3. Free drinks for ladies. Now I know why. Despite the junky 90's throwback club ambiance, we managed to shake our tailfeathers all night long.
1	this review is solely based on the way the line is managed at Jet...UGH...UGH...UGHHHHHHHH!!!heard so much about this place and TRIED to give it a try..got all dolled up and headed over to hop in line..which felt like a mile long!  the friggin line did NOT move what so ever for a good hour or so..we got there around 11pm and found ourselves still in line at 1am!  WTF..it was time to leave..lame lame lame..
2	Usually I saty at the Mirage because my casino host is there.  Great service once again with VIP service.  The venue is kind of small and the dance floor is crowded as always.   Pretty hard to mingle with women because the constant overflow of people moves you away.  The Private tables are cramped in and its hard to feel comfortable.
1	I'm sort of surprised by the high ratings for this place. I'm beginning to think that maybe it just wasn't my night... Anyway this place is pretty lame, and they should especially be ashamed of themselves for charging a cover higher than clubs like Tao. Even though somehow a girl in our group managed to get all of us to cut the line and in for free, this place was still garbage. The inide was small and cheesy, and the drinks were so f-ing expensive. I bounced out of there after about 30 minutes and won $400 playing Roulette.
4	I heart being a girl.  That being said, I think it's hard to really rate clubs in Vegas because if you have hookups or if you're an easy-going, fun-loving girl, you can have fun anywhere!  :)Anyway, was here Fri and Sat nights last weekend and I had fun both nights.  Both nights I went late.  We were at other clubs before we decided to hit JET.  Saturday was more packed, but it was cool both nights.  Pretty good crowd- young, mixed.  The dancefloor is kinda weird since it's around that little pole-dancing stage where anyone can go up (except guys) but good enough to get your groove on.
4	Thank goodness for being born a female and not having to worry about paying cover anywhere in Vegas! Sorry boys. Anyhoo, I like Jet b/c it's a smaller club. The setup is pretty nice and Of course drinks come @ a Vegas price unless as many girls do, you hustle a couple of innocent guys. Good music, good crowd. I especially like the waitresses they have walking around w/free shooters (you just gotta tip em). I've come here on 2 different occasions, at least 6 months apart and both times these waitresses were roaming the place.Granted, it does get crowded like every other club. Some downsides: there is seriously NO WHERE to sit and don't leave unless you're not coming back b/c it takes foreverrrrrr to get back in!
2	One star for getting in "VIP" .... aka being a moderately attractive girl in a skirt in vegasAnother star for the poles in the middle of the room mounted on a platform. Lets be real, there is no way in hell I'd get up there, but it was a refreshing departure from the professional biddie sluts to see that all the masses were allowed up there ... aka great entertainment.As for the rest of the club .... typical. Las Vegas-y. Smoke machines. Deafening house music. Packed. Sweaty.Oh, and my personal favorite ... the promise by the promoters  of 'free drinks for girls all night,' ....no. False claim. The SIX DOLLAR glass of cranberry juice I ordered (a smart girl's gotta bring her own flask!). Not to be outdone, and in an effort to further torture the sober, a bottle of water was $10. Woof.
4	We tried to do a club every night and Jet was our first stop the night we arrived. Even though it was a Weds night, it filled up pretty quickly. I think we used one of those VIP passes (our bell/front desk guy gave us a bunch) and bypassed the crowd. We were a party of 4 girls so getting in was easy. Our friends signed up for mailing list and we got free drink cards as well. We went back Monday night and used the Ladies Night passes and again got through the ropes right away. There was a mob but probably because Jet was one of the few opened on Mondays. All 3 rooms were open with house, hip hop and some slowish music in the central room unlike Weds night which only the central room was accessible. I really liked the weds night music though. We went around to all 3 rooms but no one was dancing?! It was around 11pm. It was pretty much a sausage party lining the perimeter of the larger room.My girlfriend and I started dancing and hopped from one room to another and about 1 hour later, the center room started filling up. The 2 smaller rooms took awhile. I guess the DJs were just warming up or the crowd wanted to get sloshed first.Good for "free" fun. We felt safe with all the security guys around even though they were probably guarding the VIP/bottle service booths.
3	mmmmmmmm. i shouldve stayed in the main room.  i made the mistake of staying in that dinky little house music room cuz i LOOOOVE HOUSE. the experience was overall BAD.  at like, 1:30am the dj stopped playing and there was SILENCE. really awkward.  they couldnt play until the band that was playing was done..... that's when i left.  it was JAM PACKED on monday (which is industry night) and it seriously took 20 minutes to get out.  a reaaaaaaaaaaaaaal fire hazard, if you ask me! it looks so much better in Neyo and NKOTB's Single music video.. but again, everything looks better on camera.  oh and i forgot to mention, the DRINKS ARE WEAK. WOW. how did they manage to make a drink weak AND make it taste bad. im stumped. but the admissions was FREE!! they were giving out free passes for ladies... ahhh... sometimes it's GREAT being a female! :D
3	When Jet first opened, I loved the place. It was big and the there was a great girl-to-guy ratio. However, even though the place is big almost everyone goes into the main room which gets very very packed. Lately, the guy-to-girl ratio has not been as good as before. Mix that with the crowdedness of the main room and you can be rubbing shoulders with a bunch of dudes which is not my ideal situation for a Vegas night.If the other rooms were more fun and had a decent amount of people, it would make this club a lot better. If you go to Jet, I would definitely get a table. If you do you will have a blast. If you don't plan on getting a table, try your luck at Tao instead.
3	this place ok, however it gets way over crowded especially on the main dance floor.  Been here a couple times and always had fun, but the tab was freakin expensive! i think it was about 1200$ for 3 bottles.  The music is good and i love the other rooms also.
4	Within seconds of arriving at the Mirage for a weekend stay, a host at JET came up to my two girlfriends and I asking if we wanted to be on the "VIP Guest List" as the promotion they were running that night was free drinks for ladies until midnight. Free drinks always sounds good so we were down, plus I had fun at JET on a previous trip to Vegas, so why not? The host we worked with, Ronald, was really nice and texted me numerous times before we arrived at the club with all the instructions we needed. We were escorted into the club when it opened and took advantage of the free drinks (they gave drink tickets). The only negative about this experience was that we were never told the free drinks were only good for Skyy vodka. Oh well, cranberry and vodka was fine with my group of three. During the night, waitresses walked around with free pineapple upside down shots...you could tell they were free because they were gross. The main dance floor got super crowded as the night went, so we escaped to the back room. In both rooms, the music was awesome. We did meet some British guys who paid for some of our drinks, although at one point each of us bought a Bud Light which was $9.
3	It is HARD to get into this club! BUT if you are insistent like I am, crowd around in the VIP area (even if you're not VIP) and the bouncers WILL let you in if you're looking hot. It works every time. It will take some time, but it is for sure faster than the regular line. BUT if you ARE a VIP, it still does take quite awhile to get in, unfortunately. Really, they need to organize their front door area because it's chaos.First time I went here, I wasn't VIP but i still had a blast. I love the layout! The first room is smaller and more intimate, the second room is freakin huge and has a large stage smack dab in the middle of the dance floor and all the ladies can get on it. And if you're not on there, the dance floor is pretty big too. The bar is super long so there's always a place to gather around the bar. Great music. The second time was completely different. We had a VIP area and had to wait forever to get in still. When we got in, we had a very nice vip table set up. The waitress was very nice and everyone was just having fun. It's pretty diverse. On one side, we had these cute ghetto boys and the other side we had a group of cougars and older rich white men. It was great. When there were some people trying to get into our vip area, the waitress was on it and kicked them out and also had the bouncer come right away to watch out for us. The staff is great. I'd say this is one of the better small clubs in Vegas. =)
4	I love Jet at the Mirage.  The layout of this club is great.  Although I don't like the 2 smaller rooms all that much.  The main room always goes off.  Especially when big DJ's like Tiesto are in the house.  I have had bottle service on the main dance floor and the service is OK.  Security for the tables was a little relaxed which meant there were people in the VIP section who didn't belong there.I gave this club 4 stars because of the light system on the ceiling and the stripper pole in the center of the dance floor.  This light system by Traxon Tech is totally unique and I don't know any other club that has this.  It just gives the club a different feel than the typical scanner type strobe lights you find at clubs.  The stripper pole is great because you always get some half naked drunk trying to work the pole.
5	I'm going to warn you, this will be a biased review. For the most part, anytime you do bottles, are with 15 of your friends, and get a table right on the main dance floor....can't go wrong.I'd recommend Jet on Saturday nights, good music, good crowd. Dave, our VIP host, had an awesome set up for us. Christie, our table hostess, super cute, super sweet, very attentive. There wasn't one moment where we were pouring out the last shot and she wasn't in sight with another bottle ready! If you are going to do Vegas with more than a few people, bottle service is really the only way to go. The Light group has great customer service and all of their hosts are very helpful.One night down, three to go!!!
4	This is my review....it must be amazing on Monday nights - INDUSTRY NIGHT....as I couldn't even get in!I was on the guest list, but I don't think it really matters. Go early if your looking to get in, or wear little to nothing - as the bouncers will most likely get you in!
4	"OMG! I see tall hot Asian guy!""Let's follow him!""OKKKKK!!!""Go talk to him. He looks like he'll dance.""No. I'm scared..."Out of all the guys there, we found one that stuck out, but we were too wimpy to get him to dance. Epic fail. =(This place is a lot less crowded than Tao and the music is just as good, with 3 seperate rooms for the folks with different taste. The main dance floor is mainstream hiphop and a bit of house mix. A few repeats here and there, but it got me goin.Every so often, the cocktails waitresses will walk by with mixed shots for "free". Free, meaning take a shot for a tip. I think that's clever and a lot cheaper than buying at the bar. The shots are usually girly drinks though, like Sex On The Beach or Hurricanes.Oh, and did anyone call for a stripper pole?? There's a platform stage with 2. ;) Get creative.
4	I gotta say, I always have a great time at Jet. No matter what weekend we go, Jet always comes through with good music, a fun drunk crowd, and generous shots. It's our good enough club when we come to Vegas.
4	We got VIP passes to this place so we thought to check it out. We were not disappointed! We didnt have to wait in line or pay (thats always nice). We walked into 3 great dance floors with 3 different types of music (although we spend most of the time on the main floor). Good space for dancing and a lot of space for walking (and watching) along the bar sides. Friendly bartenders and go go dancers. I really have nothing bad to say about this place as I enjoyed it very much : D
3	Eh. Jet was alright. I mean, I'm a girl and whenever I go to Vegas I'm always with a group of other girls and we always pull out our "hoochie" attire so of course, we got in within 20 minutes and we didn't have to pay anything. Ladies, if you're paying covers for ANYTHING in Vegas besides shows...there's a problem lol. Anyway, there was no one in the back room so we stuck to the main room. The problem with the main room is that the VIP tables surround the dance floor so if you're at the edge, you're literally shaking your booty in VIP table guy's faces...(which can be awkward but isn't always a bad thing. It can get you free drinks and a seat! lol) The bar tenders were really sweet to us so that was a plus. The biggest complaint I have is that the HOOCHIEST DIRTIEST HOOKER STATUS chicks get up on the stripper poles in the middle of the dance floor! Anyone (except guys) can get up there and believe me, the skanky chicks DOMINATE them!  What's even more disgusting are the perves that stand under the poles, practically drooling! I HONESTLY saw a guy stick his finger up this girl's dress, into her no no place! No, it wasn't her bf, because she got off the pole and started making out with some other random guy that tapped her on the foot 5 minutes later. The finger bandit asked me to dance after that and needless to say, I declined. So overall, it's a cool place to go if you don't have to pay but there are better places in Vegas.
1	This is what you call a "clown factory."
3	Still a fan of Jet, since I like the 3-in-one feel this club has.  But I thought I'd update you guys since I was recently here again for NYE 09.Overall, the New Years experience was OKAY.....  not the greatest time of my life but I didn't hype it up to be so I'm okay with that.  As usual, I was in LV solo, but that's not gonna keep me inside when the bell strikes midnight.  So I planned ahead to go to Jet, because their management company sent me an email advertising tickets to their new years parties.  Honestly, I kind of sat on the email, didn't respond right away and buy my ticket to Jet New Years because I was undecided between going there and to Tao.  A couple of days before I flew to Vegas, I did respond to the email with my credit card info, blah blah, but I never received a confirmation.  Now, this was mildly irritating and worrisome, because I didn't want to find out later that I bought a ticket at the door in addition to them charging my card.  But it all worked out, I guess, since they never acknowledged the email or charged my card anyway....So I put on my sequin-ded dress and my good shoes, elbowed my way through the crowd assembling on the street, and made it over to the Mirage.  Now, here's one important IMPORTANT thing to know about Vegas on New Years - as the night goes on and it gets more crowded on the streets, a lot of the hotels periodically close their doors to people entering from the street unless they're hotel guests.  So if you're able to get your hands on a discarded hotel key, do so, or you'll be standing out in the cold like I was (WEAR A COAT).  I waited maybe 15 minutes or so before they finally started letting people into the Mirage, so I suppose it wasn't too bad.  (As a side note, if I had had my Jet ticket ahead of time, I'd have been let in right away)I walked over to Jet, was able to buy my entrance ticket for $150 at a counter to the side of the line, and I was let in about 10 or so minutes later.  Coat check was an additional $5.  At this point it was after 11pm, and if they were still having the hosted bar they advertised I missed it or walked past - because I definitely paid for my drinks.  So I posted up in the video screen room for a while, migrated to the middle room, and then back to the big room for the midnight countdown.  Which was pretty unremarkable, actually.  There wasn't an abundance of streamers or confetti, and the DJ didn't do a countdown, which was kind of disappointing.  A couple of drunken guys tried to grind on me on the way past, but there was actually a MUCH smaller crowd in here NYE night compared to other nights that I've been to Jet.  This might be because of the admission cost but who knows....So overall, it was interesting and basically fun, although not the greatest New Years experience I've had.  I had more fun in Tijuana at a $20 entry/ all you can drink NYE party years ago, and I can't help but think if I had traveled with other people and we just stayed outside for the fireworks and stunt jumps we'd have had loads more fun than the clubgoers, with their uncomfortable clothes and shoes and overly ambitious expectations.  I left the club at about 1am, changed clothes, and hit the tables.
5	Definitely helps to know ppl in the city of sin.  Buy one get one free's are always a good time.  Especially when you have a table right next to Mary Carey (haha, note... NOT MARrIAH Carey... Mary Carey the porn star/celebrity rehab reality queen... oh and take it from me, Dr. Drew has A LOT MORE WORK WITH THIS GURL!!) Always a good time at Jet.  My favorite cocktail server in Vegas also works here... ah Melody.  Good music, good vibe, good looking people.  You definitely have to know someone in order to get in through the swamp that is supposedly a line. If ur not good friends with ne of the VIP hosts... make a point TO BE before you get there.
3	Mondays are crackin at JET. We had VIP passes so we walked on in. The place is decent but not as extravagant as other clubs in Vegas. I can see why people would say that this place is mediocre.
4	My friends and I got a table at this place for a birthday. Alicia was our host and boy was she awesome! She took pics with all the guys +me and I even walked out with her name, email and number in my bra. Go figure! My friends and I were everywhere this night! We then migrated to the dance floor near the poles where we found some commando girls, but what the hey? It's Vegas and the guys didn't seem to mind. Unfortunately yours truly doesn't know when she's having too much fun. Luckily I was politely escorted out and my friends surrounding me and took care of me as I as passed out in the bushes next to the hotel. As my roommate's mantra would chant...face down ass up! PART II in JUNE! :D
3	This is written from the perspective of a person who has never been to a Vegas nightclub.I had a lot of fun when I went to Jet on a Saturday night.  The staff was very friendly and fast, and unlike the damn clubs in the Bay Area, I don't have to wait 20 minutes to get in a drink order.  The drink I got was $12 for a shot without tip.  Pretty pricey for me, but it's Vegas.  The wait at the bar was short, and the bartenders were generous.  I don't know if was Ladies night or what, but if you have like a 3:1 ratio of women to men, your entire group gets in for free.  While my friends and I were waiting for the rest of our group to arrive, someone came up to us asking to join their group so we would all get in for free without waiting in the stupid long line.  It took about 10 minutes to organize, but we all got in!  The interior looked a little cheap, but maybe my expectations were too high.  The music was a mix of hip-hop, dance, and rock music, so there is a little for everyone to enjoy.  I love that it wasn't so loud that you can still talk to people without hurting your throat.  The other rooms also had pretty good music, but I mostly stayed on the main floor.  It was pretty crowded, but the area was pretty well ventilated.  I never had that gross feeling that the air is too thick with sweat to breathe right.  LOL.  The crowd is chill and fun.  My friends and I didn't encounter any guys that were too aggressive or those nasty girls. My group was also invited to join a Bachelor party in the VIP section, and they really take care of you there.  Great bottle service.I heard some people paid $30 to get into the place, and that is waaayy too much.  It wasn't THAT great.  At most I would pay $15, but the fact that it was free made everything a lot easier to enjoy.  ;)  Pretty great experience for my first time, and I think a lot of people would enjoy it as well.
3	"JET", all caps. The review could end right here, BUT (all caps) its my first review in months so...DISCLAIMER: This review is being written under the angst and frustration of being stranded in McCarran until 1:00am for my flight back, on SATURDAY night (all caps), and written under the influence. Accepting the fact that we were part of the greedy throng of tourists that walked the strip was not easy, but even if I was assuaged by the fact that I had come here for work and my cousin drove from L.A on my behalf, I must admit that I did feel a pint of mischievous curio at this tacky Disneyland for adults; I too wanted to feel the clutches of the golden calf as its paws stretched an invitation for continuous indulgence in premeditated pleasure, sin, excess. HITHERTO (all caps), we walked past a pristine line of cute girls waiting to enter the Mirage's own club: JET. David had a cluster of complimentary passes on his hand; two of them were for JET. I hesitated. Yelp Vegas had been clinically clear on their suggestions, and no mention of JET had ever been made. That was sufficient for me to understand that I was walking into the Vegas equivalent of Friday's - Times Square.Not quite apparently. The club had debaucherous potential, if only for the undeniable fact of the inebriated presence of the gestalt of young tourists, specifically the ladies-night-out-of-town kind, who, in packs of 5 or 7, were eager to dance, party, *asterisks*, and then leave in Vegas what happened in Vegas. Fine, but I cannot make such compromises. What happens in Vegas stays in Yelp. So, JET had nothing that stands out; standard club, same typeface, furniture provider and maybe even bouncers (is there a cloning factory for these?) but JET does have the pesky characteristic of a JET without a runway, circling the airport waiting for entry: a dancing square in the centerand a walkway encircling it, that's it. Now. I've learned that a club that has such layout is NOT (all caps) inviting for socializing if it does not sport a supple supply of couches, nooks and crannies to "rest (like Cielo). Instead, you have a pack of horny tourists walking around and around and around, crowding both bars at opposite ends, and eventually in the night, stranded when the walkway gets filled overcapacity (and it does). So you end up in the dance floor and thence you socialize, fine. But what about AFTER (all caps), where do you suggest I should go JET? The slot machines outside? My hotel room? *sigh* Vegas knows not the pleasure of biding your time; it demands only instant gratification. So in a club scale, I wouldn't give JET my chips; I should have gone to XS or Tao (which I visited the next day) if I wanted my club fix, since it really has nothing that makes it attractive to my eyes, except the beauties in attendance. That is the sole reason to even consider checking it out if you are staying at the Mirage or nearby..... but then again, that is also true for any other nightclub in the strip ^_^Oh, and before I forget, this is a review that will be helpful to men, but I almost forgot my advice to women and gays:Gays: JET is more like a trip to Saudi Arabia than like a trip to Thailand. Go somewhere else for mix crowds.Ladies: You are doomed. Slimy Douchebaggery is only matched in quantity by slot machines. Follow the white rabbit. I did, however, had a good time. Place your own bets.
4	This was the first club i had been to in all Vegas. My expectations were high, through the roof high. JET seemed to have all the right moves.  first off we had a promoter guy put us on the list. THe list of doom. we thought we were getting in. we thought we didn't have to wait in line. Well think again. After being escorted to the long ass line that the promoter said would take about 10 minutes, at the longest to get through he ditched us to go find his next group. ya whatever i had my coke and rum, heavy on the rum, so i was good. My girls.. not so happy. They had no drink, there feet hurt. Besides the point we got in after maybe a half hour of waiting. Not bad. We get in they make me throw away my drink..tear... and then wham your in and its loud and you think it's the best thing ever. WE see a girl she's like "free shots."  I'm like hell ya.. then she's like you have to tip.. All i had was a 20. I told her that, and she grabbed my shot out of my hands and walked away. AWkward. ya. SO i'm like whatever i have this free drink thing in my hand, cause i'm all about not spending money. I wait in line for a drink. get my drink, try to get change for a 20 the man ignores me like no ones business, I was not down to wait for him      for another minute just so i could tip him so i didnt. First time not tipping. Felt bad, but not that bad. We get on the dance floor.. where do we start? We must of looked confused then a barely clad girl asks if we want to dance with her on the private pole area. We are over there before the girl knew what hit her. It was awesome. Awesome. Since we had to ditch the guys to get in we had no protection from the douchey guys all around. So when we were brought over to dance where we would be seen but not touched it was like finding gold! so happy.  we danced i was happy, i was drunk. My girls we drunk. It was a great night. I liked jet. I loved their bathrooms. I loved that it was dark enough to not see how sloppy everyone was, but light enough that i could find who i was looking for.  I give JET 4 stars, not 5. But 4.  the DJ was not the best, but definitely dance-able.
4	The most important things I have learned in my last two trips to Vegas this year:1) It certainly helps to be in a group with beautiful (girl) friends2) It certainly helps to have a bachelorette in your party3) It certainly helps, walking the strip during the afternoon, if you don't know where you're going that night.My 2 besties and I were awaiting the arrival of another friend in our group, so we decided to walk the strip in hopes of a) finding food since it was well into the afternoon b) finding somewhere awesome to go that night. And we accomplished both A & B. We were walking in the heat of Vegas and decided to stop in front of Bill Gambin' Hall since there was A/C blowing away. We were just standing there because we thought we saw a prime rib special and all of a sudden a promoter named Marc came and found us. He said he could get us free admission into JET and since it was ladies' night, we'd be getting free drinks for a good part of the night. Marc took down our bachelorette's phone number and texted us that night to ensure we were in. We arrived to JET around 9:55pm and there was Marc, getting us walked into the club - bypassing the line, the cover, and everything else. JET is super nice and that night we got free drink passes (only well Vodka drinks - no shots, no beer, no top shelf). We somehow got kamikazes shots for free, but for the rest of the night we had Bay Breezes and these yummy shots coming around for the cocktail waitresses. The music is popping at JET and played our yay area music (woot woot)! We met a lot of Bay Area folks up in there so that's always fun. The line for the restroom wasn't very long - another plus. The only downfall - the bitchy bartenders we found. I couldn't hear one of them and she gave me major 'tude. Whatever! I still had a ball :)Cheers!
3	I expected more out of this club I had heard so much about. We didnt wait in line but once we got in there wasnt really anywhere to go. Yea there were tables and a dance floor but not much else. I feel like this place has potential but just doesnt have anything spectacular that would make me want to go back.
2	Ok, KeEp in mind this is Las vegas people..........Loooong lines.pricy drinks!!!!Beautiful people everywhere, and yes I am including myself when I say this heheheheheNot my sceneI should have stayed at the Carnival court and continued getting ripped there!
3	I like this place better than The Bank (formerly known as Light). The fact that it has three rooms is pretty cool. You can listen to different types of music in one club. The crowd is so-so. There are plenty of bars so that you can get your drink on right away. The bathrooms are nice and spacious. Like every other club in town, the lines get long and the people that work there only care about making $$$$. So, come prepared.
3	The line is excruciatingly long and the anger that builds up inside of you as other lines like the girls only line and special guests line breeze in as you wait 15 minutes to move 1 foot makes it worse. They're pretty anal about the free passes too. 1 minute after midnight and you have to pay even though you were waiting in line at 11:30.Once in, it's like a lot of clubs. Densely packed. More so the night I was there because the Jabbawockeez were performing. You need a spatula to move through these people.And forget about ordering water or a cup of ice. They don't take too well to that type of tomfoolery. They'll look at you like you just threw a baby at a wall.
1	If I could give this club a zero I would. Horrible experience. Held the line for so long it's ridiculous. Rather spend my money somewhere else.  Plenty of great places to go to in Vegas and this is not one of them.  Only come here if you get bottle service.
5	A club experience is a function of the music, the crowd, the company and the wait.  On the night that we visited JET: The music - ten times better than Tryst, the night before.  The crowd - typical Vegas crowd: beautiful girls and guys crowding the premium tables ready to drop the bills interspersed with occasional ghettoness The company - the best I could've asked forThe wait - less than 30.  And yes, we did have guys in our group.
1	Despite what many people may tell you, Vegas is not the place to go if you are single and looking for girls (unless you are looking to pay directly for sex which I do not...I prefer to pay psychiatrists later to help cope with the grief and heartache I feel after the sex and subsequent relationships are over....).  None-the-less, many-a-cab-driver had assured us that this was the place to go for girls; so after winning $250 at some shit-hole casino, and being pretty drunk off of the gratis casino drinks, we (we being me and my partner in crime Colin) made our way to what would be our first Vegas club experience...Now I must preface that while I have a sense of style, it can be argued(and I often do) that Colin does not; much of his clothing bears Kirkland's signature on it; clearly not night-club-esque wear.  This night, however, we were two stylish gents, dressed in fancy suits; we obviously have both seen Swingers.Stylishly striding towards the casino we came across a gaggle of young girls on a bachelorette party and we swooped them up.... I know how these club things work; if you have a positive ratio of girls to guys then you are almost guaranteed admission gratis.  Well we were rolling about 4:1 so I figured the odds were good.  Well all the girls got in free but the stupid bouncer/host insisted that we pay.  "Pay??!!?" I retorted "I just brought you a whole gaggle of good looking ladies and you want me to pay??!!"Arguing did no good so I threw a small pile of my nights winnings at him, turned up my nose, and went inside.Once inside, the girls were quickly whisked away into a "VIP" area, which is really nothing more than a corner of the dance floor with recliners surrounded by a little velvet rope.  I tried to enter this area "Hey I'm with those girls" I told the large ape guarding the rope."Sorry this is a VIP area" he told me."Girls help me out here!" I protested"No no no.... let him in he's with us" a few of them said standing up to my defense.The bouncer ignored these pleas so I just stepped behind him and then stepped over the velvet rope.  I thought hanging out in the VIP area  would net me free booze and make me even more classy than I already am, but as it turned out there was no free booze and I can apparently get no classier.  Becoming bored with the VIP area I went onto the dance floor to cut a rug.  The girls could not hang with my dance skills, and only lasted a few songs.  I was quickly snatched up by a large lady."Ooooo boy you fine!"  She cooed.  "You are like a little Justin Timberlake!"Now I look nothing like Mr. Timberlake; some people say Robin Williams or Sean Penn but I have never heard Justin Timberlake.  Now I should have prefaced this little story by saying that my new found dance partner was black and I asked her: "What?  Do you think all of us sexy little white boys look the same""Ah ha ha ha!  You are cute and funny"  She then proceeded to grab my ass.... tightly.She must have seen the look of horror in my face "What's wrong?  Is your girlfriend watching?  She getting jealous?""Yes... she is staring daggers at me right now" I said as I squirmed out of her clutches.I managed to sneak back into the VIP area but the bride-to-be had become Polly-Pissy-Pants and wanted to go back to the hotel.  Colin and I hung out for a bit and sipped ten dollar Amstel Lights (which was sadly the best beer they had) and listened to shitty music.... it reminded me a lot of PB.... they play crappy pop songs circa 2006 mixed with Lynard  Skynard.  Being able to take no more of this, we left the club and came across some Amazon women in the casino who claimed to be models.  They were also black, and Colin loves the black girls almost as much as he loves anything Kirkland Signature.  Upon closer inspection, I came to the conclusion that they were a group of trans-gender models; I am from San Francisco and have a keen eye for spotting these types of things."Pssst.... that was a man you just gave your number to""No way!" Colin did not want imagine that he was flirting with a man."Yes it was!""No way!"This went on for a few minutes until I finally decided to just go and ask them myself.  "Excuse me, this may seem very rude so please forgive me, but are you ladies actually or at one time ever were men?"  They did not look that shocked and the leader of the group replied "I am going to do the most lady like thing that I know how to do, and that is just walk away"If she was a real lady then she would have known that the most lady-like thing she could've done would have been to throw a tampon at me, cause everyone knows only the best trannies carry around tampons.... it is all in the details.
5	I LOVE JET...Whenever i go to vegas I try hitting up the popular clubs but due to long lines me and the homies end up going to JET. You can never go wrong with Jet Night Club. 3 Rooms, very spacious but yet it will get packed on a good night. I even get surprised how many celebs show up but the best night i;ve been Nas showed up out of no where that sh*t was crazyyyyy. Club doesn't end till 5 in the morning but i always end up leaving before than. Drinks are kind of pricy. Beautiful Ladies everywherso fellas dress to impress and turn your swag on. TIP for thought make sure you arrive early no later than 10pm. You can get a complimentary ticket to arrive in for free but you must be in doors before 11pm. You can get the ticket by any promoters or information booth at the Mirage or they can direct you to a place to get a ticket. If you wanna party like a Rockstar go to the Mirage Casino and have fun! Drink and Live your life!
3	So this was our big night out in Vegas and I thought the overall club was really cool.  I arranged bottle service for my group of eight, which is always great - having your own spot to sit when you wanna take a break from dancing is priceless.  The music in the main room was great; however, we were put in the smaller hip-hop room which was nice, but hip-hop can get a bit stale after awhile.  I would rather have been in the main room with all the people and better music.The service was ok, our waitress was fairly attendant except for the fact that she kept asking us if we wanted to buy another bottle.  Once is enough... the bottles are $475 so trust me if we wanted to buy more we would.BOTTOM LINE:  I definitely recommend trying Jet at least once.  There are better clubs in Vegas, but this one is pretty cool!
3	We had passes and just finished with LOVE, so decided to check this place out.  We waited  for less than 20min, which I didn't think was bad and they let us in with out passes even though it was just after midnight by the time we got in.  Inside was ok, the music was pretty good.  Got a jagerbomb for like $15+.  There are girls that walk around with shots for free you just have to tip them, so we started doing that.  I had a good time, but your not missing out on much, so if you have your heart set on something else, do that.
4	I was in Vegas this past weekend for a joint bachelorette party and I arranged bottle service at JET for Saturday night through Dave, one of the hosts. He was super easy to work with and responded within seconds it seemed like to any email I sent. He even hooked my group of 8 ladies up with buy one bottle, get one free. Sweet! When we arrived at the club at 11 pm, we only had to wait for about two minutes in the table line before we were escorted back to our table.Our table (table 60) was in the back room which is my favorite room in JET so I was pumped. Plus we our table was in the corner near the DJ and we really felt like we had the intimate space we were paying for. The ledge above the table to dance on was definitely utilized by my group. Our waitress was super sweet and super hot and definitely put up with our group's drunkenness with grace!Any night where you lose a phone and one of your friends gets kicked out for throwing up in the bathroom is one crazy night! However, in both cases, the security guys were very nice (they looked for my phone and let my friend come back to the table to get her purse before they escorted her out). Thanks JET for another fun experience!
4	I was a little nervous and going to JET after reading some of the reviews, but I'm glad I didn't let them make the decision for me. It's been around for a few years now, but it was a great time.  We bought our tickets from VEGAS.com ahead and I would definitely recommend doing the same. It got us right in and you don't have to worry about the door man playing games with you to get in.  The music was bangin and there were girls everywhere...hot ones.  The other smaller rooms on either side are kinda lame...the main room is where it's at.  Drinks were normal Vegas prices, so plan on putting in some OT when you get back to reality.
1	Not impressed. We had VIP access but that wasn't anything very impressive. Not a fan of the crowd or the music. Some people there were extra rude and snotty. I'm not sure if it was just the night we were there or its this way all the time, but I would definitely not go back.
4	The line was super super long, but once we got in, man I loved the energy, the music, the crowd.  We were initially going to the Mix, but definitely over 35-40 crowd who would probably listen to Phil Collins or Kenny G.  Went to Jet and ta-da...yay people who loved Hip-Hop.  The dress code was a little bit more lax so that was cool too.  How can you really dance with too dressy clothes?  I love it when the music is so loud, you can feel your heart jump.  The DJ was awesome and the bar area was lively, but not too crowded that it took forever to get a drink.  Definitely will go back.
5	Monday in Vegas we see sign off freeway  "Jet Nightclub - where the locals hang out". Good thing we dressed up. This is not a place you enter in jeans. When we arrived there was no way we would have stood in line. We walked across the way and started talking to the bartender. Next thing you know...ol' Jed's a millionaire. He gave us VIP passes. Excuse us - front of the line. Crowded all around the front. Waited 10 minutes...entered Upon entering you walk down hallways into different rooms. Each room has different music. Ahh! of course the biggest room has to have stripper poles and where there are stripper poles you have to have drunk girls shaking their booty trying to imitate stripper moves. Caution to a few *When you have been drinking and begin seeing double do not try and spin upside down on the pole where your legs are oddly spread in every direction*  Trust me, i would want someone to tell me.We entered our destination point. So of course I get bad boy turning 40 who thinks he's starring on "So you think you can dance" Not only did he think he had the moves but he began telling me about his day at the topless pool. Apparently he had seen nothing like it and pulled out his camera faster than you can say "Hot Damn" and began flipping through pics he had taken at the topless pool. Rico Suave was very impressed.  However, dude easy up on the closeups of the arreola's. We danced, laughed, had fun. Music was good, overall atmosphere was very good. I don't know what it would be like any other time, but Monday's local night was definitely a good time.
4	This was the first club i went to in Vegas and it was a pretty good experience since i went in thinking it wasn't so good because i heard from a friend that it got really crowded in there. The dance floor was so tiny because of the platform with the stripper poles in the middle of the dance floor. I think that was a bad idea for a club, but good for a strip club. Luckily we found the smaller room that has less people and since our group was full of girls, a group of guys let our group hang out with them at their reserved little spot. They shared their drinks, which was only sprite and vodka, but it wasn't bad. We let them dance with our friends, we got some refreshing drinks. Not a bad trade at all. But before all that, we had to wait for about 45 mins to get in. Since we were on the list, we got in for free, but we had to get there early to wait in line. As a guy that's what i had to do to get in. It took forever to get in, but it was fun and i would probably go there again on a less busy night. The bartenders were not very helpful, took forever to get a drink and it was crappy. Eh. So for most of the clubs, the dress code is strict so i wore a nice button up long sleeve shirt, slacks, and some nice shoes. Well i saw some guys go in there with some jeans and a t-shirt...weak. At least the music was bump'n since i like hip-hop and rap. Also there was this one old dude that was going crazy and it was a good laugh. Even the old dudes know how to get down in Vegas.
2	We went into JET on Thursday night to hear the DJ and have a good time...we know some folks, so the $40 cover per person was waived (there were 8 of us, fyi).  I am BIG into DJ's and music, and as we hit up the main room, my hopes were high.The place was PACKED at 1am.  I, being pretty well on my way to a good buzz, bought one $14 drink, and promptly had it spilled on me three times by three different people.  We could not move it was so packed, the place was at capacity, and it was pointless to hit up the dancefloor, or even move away from the small spot we had at the bar.  The music was, well, bleh.  The much hyped DJ was not even mixing, he was trying to blend some older tunes, not much effort was on display here music wise.We stayed until about 3am, at about 2 the place cleared out a bit and you could maneuver and have a better time/hit the floor.  It was a decent place, with decent decor, but it just seemed like everyone was trying too hard to be cool...this is NOT Tryst or PURE, fyi.My feedback - check out Revolution ultra lounge, Blush at the Wynn, and some of the smaller places that you can move around a bit, dance, and enjoy if crowds are not your thing.  If your heart is set on JET, go at 2am, but have your drink on, $9 beers and $14 drinks can set you back F-A-S-T.  Overall, an ok place.
3	My friends and I went on a Monday and this place was PACKED! It could have been because a lot of clubs are dark on Mon, but damn that line was long. We were lucky and called early in the day and got on VIP so we got to walk in for free. There are three room (one main dance floor and two smaller ones) and a bunch of different bars. It was really hard to move around and I'm pretty sure by 130-2 it was passed capacity because i couldn't turn my head without bumping someone. My friend got on the stripper pole and that was some fun. Good music, bitchy waitresses and bartenders and ok decor. Not horrible tho.
3	Jet is your average nightclub in Vegas. Lines here get pretty long and we were also in line for a while, but at least we got in with complimentary passes. We came here about 15 people deep with more girls than guys. One thing that was pretty messed up was that most of us were waiting in line the whole time and we were waiting for 2 people. They finally arrived right after they let us all in. We asked if the 2 other members of our group can get in along with us and they said no. They even kicked one of us out just for asking. LOL! Anyways, the bouncers just wanted us to give them a tip before they did us a "favor" which we might have considered if they weren't such ass holes. Anyways, they eventually got in 20 minutes later and we partied up for a couple of hours before we headed to XS at Encore!I've had mixed experiences from here before. Anywhere from dropping a few grand on bottles here to getting kicked out for weed! Which happened not to be mines by the way! It somehow magically was getting passed around and happen to come across me. LMAO!
1	Came here on the night of Trevor Ariza's birthday bash..& was looking forward to get a possible photo for the bf....We arrived & they gave us free drink cards& the place was nothing special I've seen clubs in LA that are bigger & better..place was packed but for the obvious event going on..one of my friends got invited some seriously creepy & I mean creepy dude @ his company's vip table...had 1-2 glasses of the goose & cran..finally Ariza comes out & is sitting with a bunch of dirty girls from the club who can't dance for shizzz.......so we walk up & try to get a pick being Lakers fan & all .....Ariza is a big douchebag!! He saw us & was distracted by the blonde ho that was opening her legs all spread eagle in front of his face wtf...hells no I'm not about to get down like that for a damn photo... this followed by our group to chant "trader" & of course "Ron Artest! Ron Artest!" yes & then as we go back into the vip some dude sitting at the table ..told my friend as she was trying to refill her cup .."hey what the hell are you doing I dont know you this is our bottle" & literally took her empty cup of ice away from her wtf dude & the guy that invited the group didn't even say anything...the nerve of these loser dudes that save up their paycheck from cvs & think they're  ballin!so we left & as we left the bouncer/ promoter then literally came running after us in the hotel asking stupid questions like Q: "how was your experience at jet?" A: it sucked a**. Q: how can we make the club better? A: how bout getting better people to come instead of loser dudes that swear that they have money..oh ya & trevor ariza is a douche! Q; will you come backA: hell no..plus I yelp so JET you're getting 1 star b*tch!The End ..hate this place..don't waste your time
1	Worst Nightclub ever, let me tell you about my experience... First of all its way to expensive ($40) to get in the club and the line is too long. Its too packed inside and the drinks are expensive. To top everything, the bouncers get power hungry and push people out of the way for no reason. I would strongly recommend that you will never come here.
4	Bottles in the Club!My friends and I got a table with a few bottles here a couple weeks ago. The price was fair and we got a table right next to the dance floor. Jet is one of the smaller clubs in Vegas but it's tons of fun. The dance floor is huge and crowned with flat panel TV screens that display cool visual effects in time with the pumping beats. It's very reminiscent to the light up dance floors of the disco era. The other fun, but less classy, touch is the inclusion of stripper poles. For the most part, they're occupied by go-go dancers. When they're not, girls are free to use them so they can ignore their boyfriends (who dropped $260 for the night) **AHEM** [just kidding, I love you babe] or lure in unsuspecting drunks of the opposite (or same) sex. If you're having a hard time finding girls on your own, no need to fear, your personal security guard will find them for you and bring them up to your table. Terrance, you are the man! They'll even give the boot to randoms who try to make their way up to your booth to try and swoop on your precious liquor. All you have to say is, "s/he shouldn't be here," and that person will disappear. Now THAT's service!
4	We got in line for this club last saturday at 9:30 pm and waited until they started letting people in around 10:30. I liked that there was no muss / fuss about us getting in or having to separate into guys / girls line.  Also the music was GOOD!  The DJ started with some Another Bad Company (Aisha!!).  There was a handful of top 40 songs I expected to hear (Blame it on the alcohol) but what he played was wayyyy better.  There was a good 20 minute michael jackson set as well. We snagged a spot next to the DJ and there was a ledge wide enough to sit on.  So we took full use of that (getting old!) while still enjoying the music :) I would definitely go back - Jet has a good crowd and good music.  Also the entrance from the parking lot to the casino brings you RIGHT TO THE CLUB which was good news for my feet!Only downside -- drinks prices are high (as usual!) my beer was $9
3	This club was alright, went there on a Friday night. I liked the music and the atmosphere. This place is also easy to get into a guestlist for, as long as you arrive before 12:30. We were on the list, but didn't make it  there til 1am, so unfortunately for us, we had to pay cover. Vegas is easy for a girl to get in for free before midnight, so it was sad that we had to pay cover. $30 for girls, ouch! but we had free drinks from a bachelor party all night, so it was alright. It's not too crowded, and there are at least 2 rooms with pretty good dance music so it was good. tables were nicely separated from dance floor, something i always look for in a good club.overall, a good experience. next time, i just need to get over there a little earlier.
2	Packed like a can of sardines...smelled fishy too..*scratches head*Overpacked, much older crowd it seemed (even the go-go dancers), and a bunch of smokers blowing way too much smoke (pet peeve) = Not my cup of tea.Weaved our way in...danced a little in what seemed to have an open spot to maneuver...OH MY GAWD..it took forever walking from the entrance to the bar and to the mini dancefloor..only to find ourselves walking back out since it was way too damn packed. We were a group of nine girls and we held each other's hands, hoping not to lose anyone in the crowd.Although we got in for free, it seemed like everyone else did as well. I don't mind paying cover if it means I get a little bit of breathing room ya know. I was literally inhaling smoke left and right @ the bar. Not a pleasant first time experience. =(On the upside, I did like the music they played (early 90s hip hop). It brought back a lot of high school memories. JET certainly does not compare to the beautiful Club XS!!! We missed XS so much we were aching to go back..and so we did!Sorry JET..I was not a happy camper *thumbs down*..Better luck next time, that is if there is a next time.
1	This place was a waste of time and money. I wouldn't even bother trying. There was a line wrapped around the lobby of the Mirage, and I figured why not. Big mistake. It's way over priced, the bartenders are horrible, the music is from like 4 years ago, no where to dance, and the B-Team is perched on the stripper poles. Unless you want to people watch, then try somewhere else.
2	The only thing I like about JET is my favorite Vegas promoter...BRAD! Brad seriously hooks it up whenever I'm in town with friends (which is pretty often). Brad, my friends and I love you! The main room is always severly cramped, but then again so is every other dance floor in Vegas. I just feel like it's not really worth it to get a table here since they all fall within the "whatever" category. I definitely prefer going into the smaller room because there's a lot more room to move around and it is much easier to get a drink.
1	I've been to Vegas a bunch of times and have always gotten a table/bottles and rarely had to wait in line so my review may be biased. Of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas (which is a lot) Jet would have to be at the bottom of my list for  a couple reasons, mind you we got one of the best tables on a sat night in the club at the time as well:1. It's a weird crowd and the people were ghetto..  Im not the one to judge normally but in Vegas and from the times I've been out, you see some pretty damn good looking people out and there were few and far between.  I dont want to see the people I saw dancing on the stripper pole in the middle of the dance floor... its just wrong2. The music was not good.  I dont know who was Djing but the music did not rile me up and I usually have a good ear for whats good and gets people dancing/having fun.  Not sure what they were playing but there were way too many people standing around.3. The layout of the club is like a box.  Nothing special, nothing fancy, just a regular club.  If I go to Vegas I expect to see/feel like Im at a club that I cant experience at home.4. The place is a lot more smoky than other clubs.  Maybe a vent/air filtration issue?The one good thing about the place was our cocktail waitress and the fact that since the club wasnt good (I mentioned something about that) even after we finished the bottles they let us stay at our table. She also brought us a free round of shots.  Sweet but not enough to get me back there.... actually dont think they could do anything to get me and my friends back there.I would definitely go somewhere else if you want to experience Vegas nightlife, there are tons of other clubs - Tao, Pure, Tryst, Body English, you get my point..Couple things when reading reviews - people shouldnt completely weigh their rating on a Vegas club because they got in FREE, the drinks drinks are too expensive , or how long they had to wait in line. For the best clubs, of course you're going to wait in line (if you dont have a table), everyone wants to get in..  Its like a popular or nice restaurant... if you want to eat there, you better be willing to spend the money and book a reservation far in advance or walk in and be prepared to wait hours to get a open table. Also drinks are going to be expensive, its Vegas.  What should really matter are the reasons why you go to a Vegas club : MUSIC, WOMEN/MEN, VIBE, SERVICE.
4	I came into Jet sober once.I don't really know why I thought that was a good option, but upon walking in...sober....I realized how small it was compared to most of the other clubs in Vegas.  Nonetheless, I've always been treated like royalty (it helps to be in a group of 5 girls).  Gotten bottle service with some friends before and it's great because you get your own security guard that will pretty much do almost anything you ask them to do.It's even better when you can get free bottle service!
4	I stayed at the Mirage and didn't want to take a cab nor walk in my high heels to another hotel, soo.... why not just go downstairs to JET. I didn't have to wait in line, my man handed the guy in charge a $20 bill so we can cut through. Ladies are free, guys are half price with pass. If you walk around the casino, I guarantee you will run into someone handing out those discounted passes for the club. This club is always crowded. So I preferred going into the other smaller bar/room and dance there. But a few minutes later, it gets crackin too. Very diverse. There's black, white, asian, mexican, tall, short, fat, skinny, ugly, and good-lookin people that come to this club. I had a little bit too much to drink and wasn't feelin that good since I threw up a couple of times in their bathroom, so I left around 2am. But for the couple hours that I was there, I had fun! I love to dance!!
3	Let's See where should I start! So we get to Vegas Friday afternoon and hang around the strip. We went to the Fashion Show Mall and that is were we met a promoter for club Jet. He gave us wrist bands and cards for VIP access. Fast Forward. Now the promoter we met said he'd text us (my friend) and make sure were was still going and to give us any details. We never heard from him. We thought he was tryna play us lol. Thankfully I had a contact named Dee who said he'd help us out. So i called him up, told him we were on our way and he said call him when we get up to the club. LOW AND BEHOLD, we see the promoter who was SUPPOSE to hit us up. He came over and said some crap but we wasn't payin attn because Dee was already hookin us up to get in. Newho, we get it,get our drink tickets and head to the bar. We had fun..kind of. They played old ass hip hop. Like 2005 2006 kind but we still had fun. I think it depends on the group of ppl you go with. We danced on the stage and the poles but got bored after about a hour or two and left. Overall, it was a coo club. If we got those wristbands and drink tickets again we'd probably hit it up for a hour or two again but other then that, jus go to another club. CHECK OUT MY REVIEW FOR TAO,that's where we went next!! :)
2	I thought it was not very impressive. We met a promoter on the strip who asked for a tip of $10 to get us into this club for free. Turned out that the same coupons for ladies were free everywhere else and the male coupon was refused by the club.The billboards for the club advertised 3 rooms but when we went there on Thursday, 2 of them were closed!!!Drinks are in the $10-$15 range, which some think is normal for Las Vegas, but I personally think is way overpriced.Music and DJs were OK, but the light was not very impressive.Another thing to consider is that smoking is allowed everywhere in the club and you are going to inhale smoke all night!
1	I gave this place 2 chances and they failed both times and here's why: 1. Long lines. Yes, you will get 2 different views on this because they do let girls get in for free and go straight to the front of the line. Guys will have to wait in line for a substantial amount of time. Got in line at 9pm and got to the front at almost 11pm. Now of course this can be remedied by "greasing" the bouncer, but with so many clubs/lounges to choose from I think the only clubs worth greasing would be the top clubs where you could see a celebrity or the venue is much nicer. 2. Lying employees. This one sucked, but didn't ruin the night. All of them talk and talk about going in the club for free with the pass. Even go so far as to promote it as a reason to not go to other clubs. Then when you get to the front all of a sudden your "free" pass is only a "discount" card. I didn't mind paying, but when you promote something it'd be nice if you stuck by it. 3. Layout. Layout resembles any normal club. 2 rooms or so, a few bars. Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary. Felt like I was back in San Jose or San Francisco, which sucks because you want to feel like you're in Vegas. 4. Crowded. Some people like crowded. Not me. I like a room to be full, but not to the point where people bump into you while you dance. That being said, the music was good and the alcohol was good just like it would have been anywhere else in Vegas except overpriced. I can have a fun time anywhere because I like to drink and dance with friends, but if you're in Vegas, skip this club and go to a newer and nicer place. If you're going to pay cover, might as well be a place that's more "Vegas" or if you don't want to pay cover check out the many free lounges with dance floors. After going to Jet I actually went to Revolution in the Mirage. It had no cover, free champagne and was mixing new music with 80's. I had an awesome experience at Revolution and that made Jet even that much more weak.
4	I'm laid back But highly critical.  But the reviews for this club are unfair.  It's actually a pretty good club.  I had an awesome time here.  (people really need to get over themselves)  Its not a tremendously big or overly posh club like Tryst or XS. It's in a central location in the casino and very easy to find.  When we got in line...there were 2 lines and a clusterfck of people to the right.  By the time we got to the front of the line, there were 4 lines and PREDOMINANTLY WOMEN. I just knew that I was going to hate it here.  We waited in line for 30-40 minutes (LABOR DAY WEEKEND, MIND YOU)   We had passes free until 12...got in after 12 and the club still honored them.  My biggest complaint was the FREAKIN SORRY A$$ FEMALE  BARTENDERS ON THE SIDE CLOSEST TO THE ENTRANCE.  It was like someone called ahead and told them to refuse to serve me.  Getting a drink was next to impossible at that bar.  Men and a group of chicks came up after I did and got drinks BEFORE ME!  I've never experienced this in all of my days.  I WAS REALLY READY TO JUMP BEHIND THERE AND MAKE MYSELF A DOUBLE.  Then...we went to the bar on the other side and got drinks immediately.  Several times!   The service at the other bar was like a completely different club.  That is my biggest complaint about this club.  Since there were so many women in line, I thought it would be a Chickfest.   But, it wasn't and I was happy.  The crowd seemed to really be into the music.  In my opinion, the music SUCKED at first in the main room.    The DJ did an MJ tribute and after that I guess he decided he was ready to get the crowd hyped and that's what he did.  From that point on...every song was something to rock to.  I'm not kidding.  The other room in the corner played good music all night, too.  I hate to admit this because I was a little bit intoxicated but there was a bouncer here that I was hitting on.  (WHITE, BALD AND SMOKIN HOT...he also does Valet at MGM)  Lil Sexy fine thing... Gosh, I just loved him.  OVERALL JET IS THE PLACE TO BE IF YOU WANT TO DANCE.  I don't like Techno, I don't like Electronic.  Straight HIP HOP and R & B girl.  Personally, I think the music and the environment makes the club.  People weren't overly pretentious and the music was dope!  I HAD A BLAST AT JET!  Please believe me!
4	Monday Night-Labor DayBachelorette Weekend with the girls.  Loved this club because of the DJ this particular day. Not sure if there was a particular theme to the night.  I'm usually not a "clubber" as you can tell, but I had a GREAT time here because of the music.  Drinks were typical club prices.  The bartenders were very friendly and patient, always a smile on their face.  Very clean too, they had a guy walking around picking up straws and stuff every 20 minutes it seemed.We were lucky because we were able to get on the guest list from a previous hook up.  I did feel bad for the people waiting in line...but it's Vegas...shouldn't be so surprising.
3	It's about average. My complaint would be how the entry is setup, and how cramped it is when you get inside. They could let about 25% less people in, and it would still be pretty tight. We had a bad experience with a promoter there that lied to our faces. He's a typical douche so I blew it off though. I made it to the dance floor once, and I was getting pushed way too much trying to dance with my wife and friends. So I stayed closer to the bar where I was almost as cramped but closer to the alcohol.
4	I came here two weeks ago for my friends 22 birthday and i have to say that I really liked this club. It wasn't upscale at all and yes, as noted the dress code wasn't enforced and I did see some tore up looking people lol. So anyways, my friends and I went up to the front of the line and said we were on the guestlist (we were lying) and they said ur not on here and were like but we confirmed it online n everything and they were like ok come over here and we got in with no waiting and no cover charge! So yeah it was kinda crowded but who cares? As long as youre with awesome people, you'll have fun. The music was ok , but kinda rap/hip hopish (which I don't like to dance to without my man). They have another room to the left of the dancefloor and I saw some freaky people in there, getting down to even slower music so we went back to the main dance floor. Didnt have to buy drinks...Actually i never spend when I come to vegas...always get hooked up! So if you want to get in free and get free drinks, hike up those skirts and dresses and show a little cleavage ladies! lol. We ended up leaving though and headed to Pure!
4	I went here for a bachelor/ bachelorette party a total of 30 of us.  Bottle Service is the only way to go!  Great music + Booze = Fun times!!!
4	Club JET was awesome got to see (JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE AND TIMBERLAND) perform--- had good music and loved the crowd the only down side was there was no place to sit so at the end of the night I was walking like a PIRATE limping away!    OUCH  but me and my friends had a awesome time.
1	The crowd has a lot of undesirables and rift-raft. I dont want/need uber exclusive but its nice to go out to a nightclub where at least people look the part.  My GF commented that the guys were super ugly. Even the bouncers sort of the looked goofy and academic.  Forget about what people looked like, they were basically a lot of wierdo's. Perhaps I stopped by on a off night, but it I would have to agree that the crowd was not attractive.  If your gonna go out, might as well choose a place that has a sexy crowd. otherwise why deal with the headaches, might as well have a fun night at O-Shea's
4	Felt like a place for locals, which is a big plus for me.  The decor won't blow you away, nor will it win any interior design awards, but man oh man this place was fun.We did it up right for bachelorette party 2009 with a table and bottle service and we were well taken care of.  We had a private stripper poll in our area and that was definitely a popular attraction for us usually classy ladies to let loose.  The people at the table next to us kept sending over shots, and I have to say, the music was GREAT.  Not your average top 40 rap (even though we heard some of that), but as the night went on it got perpetually dancier, sexier, housier, just right...Good fun times, and PERFECT if you're staying at the Mirage like we did, because being able to stumble up to the rooms, get in bed, and order a room-service cheeseburger makes the night so much better.
4	Jet may not be the best club in Vegas, but it sure as hell beats some of the other choices out there.  Not once have we ever had a bad experience here.  From what I understand, you can run into a few promoters on the strip and get some VIP free/reduced admission cards.  Otherwise, you can meet one near or in the casino.The decor is nice, music is good and free Washington Apple shots (tip required) make for a pretty good mix.  The dancefloor can get waaaay too crowded, but there are two different rooms to choose from.
1	Must pay the bouncer $200 just to get in...Then you pay an additional $30/each at the cashier.Get in the club and it is packed - you can barely walk!Very small area compared to a club like XS @ Encore.
4	When I think of this place, there's the good (sexy partygoers, good music, efficient service), the bad (confusion with the lines), and the ugly (belligerent drunks[1]).JET Nightclub is at the MGM Mirage, right by the hotel lobby. Unlike the order in the lobby, general pandemonium ruled at JET. We weren't clear on which line to stand in and ended up in the VIP one. Luckily the staffer at the head of the line was cool and let us in. We ponied up $30 admission - guys AND girls. (Credit cards accepted.)Even though this isn't the largest venue, the main room wasn't crazy crowded - we could actually navigate without full-body shoving. Didn't get to explore much beyond the main room - one of several - but enjoyed the usual conflagration of mist, flashing lights, and ladies, many who were taking advantage of obligatory stripper poles on a platform, while DJ Skribble (yes, that DJ Skribble) played mostly agreeable tunes. The club photographers were a trip, too.Service was all-around good. Security staff were accommodating and I met the nicest mustachioed bathroom attendant ever - he helped me not once, but twice, with a hearty laugh, even after I cursed him and his mother to quit helping me. (I tipped him afterward.) Last, a businesslike bartender poured me shots of Patron XO Cafe ($15/shot) which effectively ended my night.Try JET if you're in the area - be sure to pregame elsewhere first, like we did.[1] At the bar, I asked a seemingly-sober guy if I could move past him for a drink. He glanced over, then went Mr. Hyde on me and snarled "Get the fuck out if you're not with our group!" then grabbed my shirt "to tell me something". His friend and my friend pulled us apart. Bizarre.
1	JET SUCKS--not good hip hop at all: I came here with my boyfriend for New Years Eve to party for the New Year as well as a belated birthday for me.  We paid $150 per ticket that claimed "VIP" however we standed in the regular line for over an hour trying to get in.  I thought we were going to spend the  NY in the hallway of the hotel. Aagghh.  We finally got in, not sure what the long wait was...  Lesson to club- dont claim VIP if its the same as the normal line.Once inside, I started to feel sick for some reason.  I hadnt drank anything yet but felt real hot and dehydrated.  I felt like I was going to pass out and needed water fast.  The bar lines were crazy long so I asked my BF to go to the side of the bar and tell the waitress I was sick and needed water. Of course we would have tipped her well.  She screamed at him, "the line is in front of the bar, you need to go there!!"  WTF.  I was about to pass out and she didnt give a shit.  So much for compassion.  After about 45 mins of me barely hanging on, he came back with water.  I drank it and felt much better no thanks to the staff there! They sucked!!!Then we made our way to the dance floor. It was packed and crowded. It was NY's so hey I was trying to deal with it.  There are these raised platforms with stripper poles for girls to dance on.  Everyone kept laying their drinks on it while the girls were dancing so drinks kept falling off onto the floor, all over my pants and shoes.  By later that night there must have been 50+ drinks on that thing, no one never came to clean it up.  Also, does every fat chick have to get on that thing?  If you weigh over 160, dont get up there!!Okay so it must be me but if you are in a crowded club you dont dance BIG.  Meaning you 2 step side to side, groove a little.  I almost punched like 20 girls and dudes in the damm face.  I was constantly pushed, elbowed in the back HARD, hit in the head, etc...  WTF.   Trust me, Im not all stuck up and used to crowds but some respect for each other please people. The DJ sucked.  He would play 2 hip hop songs, had the crowd hype and then would play some wack sh_t and stop the floor.  Cant you see this?  What are you looking at while DJ'ing?  The people wanted hip hop, they were jamming and then you switch up??  WTF  --- again cant you see this?The place was big, had 2 bars I saw.  I didnt like it at all. If I never have to go back thats fine with me.
2	I would like to say thank you to the bouncers (Lenny) at this venue who were very accommodating to my friend and I and treated us very kindly. HOWEVER, Jet (on Monday night) is the typical I just turned 21 and I want to drop it like it's hot in Vegas sort of club. If that is what you are looking for then this is your place. If you want something just a wee bit more lo-key with more seating and less sweat dripping on you (someone else's) every 2 seconds then I would recommend trying another venue. The walk ways to get around were so cramped people had to move in a single file line and good luck trying to actually find a space on the dance floor. On a positive note they did have coat check, two rooms and really good music.
2	ghetto. ghetto. GHETTO.never in my life, and i live in oakland, have i ever been ass-grabbed the way this douche did. i couldnt believe i had to sock a b-- in a club. though it was only a left jab to his back, i really wish i got him in the kisser and probably a knee to his goods. it earned me some "wtf" looks, but i walked away with what was left of my dignity.sonofa...other than that, the venue was a bit off for me--the floor plan was like the layers of an onion. You walk in on the outer ring of the club, where the bar is and those lingering around the bar, which eventually leads you to the private rooms or the bathroom. there are 4 outlets into the center ring where the dance floor and private tables are. and finally, the middle is the platform with poles. not very conducive for movement.despite all this, the music is GREAT here. they did a string of MJ snipets from his hits. some oldies, but a lot of hip hop.i stayed and danced til 4am in the morning. go heels!
4	Jet was my first offical vegas club i visited! #1 staff was a grip of knock out SEXY men who greet you, ask for your id, i was in LOVE with every one of em. WHat a way to start the night#2 Went on a friday night with passes that got me and my girls free Ketel one until 1am! What a deal!! By 12 we were on a GREAT one!! Drinks were nice and strong, not sure how much the drinks are normally, but i would have paid top dollar for them strong ass mixes#3 Music was rockin!! the dance floor was nice and big, plenty of space and a few cute dancers. #4 Nice variety of ladies and fellas, the guys were a mix too. Some "thugs" some "preps" perfect mix if you like a lil grab bag of men!POINT IS... i would totally go again next time i visit vegas, especially them sexy ass door men!! yummmm
4	JET is one of those places you warm up at before you hit up another club. The doorstaff is pretty friendly and we never have to wait more than a few minutes for a promoter to get us in. It is definitely not on par with the clubs across the street though. It's kind of like a big black box whereas the other clubs try harder to be more glamorous. I do love how chill it is here, though, and I'll probably stop by often, especially when they have open-bar ladies nights.
2	I'm going to rank this ok but normally I would rank this one star because back int eh days you couldn't get into this club but now they hoard you in like cattle and pack you like sardines hahaha... I guess they will get 2 stars cuz now you can actually get in  =/
4	Ever since going to XS it's hard to compare anything else lol.. But I loved Jet! We have been here twice already.. the service is great.. people are really nice.. and there is 3 rooms with diff music  But it is pretty small compared to some of the others we have been. The third room in the back plays the best music but I would have to say the middle room is where the most fun is happening.Also, ladies there are nights that they give out FREE drink tickets that you can use before a certain time. Only good on the house drinks of course but hey- it's free! Definitely get hooked up with one of the promoters u know how they are! They always take care of the ladies.
3	The first spot I hit up as soon as I turned 21.  I don't remember too much of it because a gogo girl was pouring me shots n shots of tequila...hehe What I do remember, there's easy access to the bar and restroom.  Also there are 3 dancefloors divided in separate rooms with different music genre.  And they had stripper poles right in the middle floor. The bouncers were easygoing, bartenders were friendly, clubgoers showed good vibes.  Due to the fact JET was my first vegas club, I had an amazing time.  But after visiting other clubs, JET to me now looks simple.  I'm not too sure if I would want to boogie there again.
3	Came to JET on a Thursday night and was greeted by a massive line-- nothing we didn't expect. The inside is nothing impressive compared to the rest of the Vegas clubs but I was feeling the music! I love the three poles in the middle of the room (even though I didn't get a chance to go on and show off my pole dancing skills) I just thought it makes the club feels super scandalous. (HA!) We actually stayed the whole night at JET and had tons of fun!
2	ok, wassup with making my sis and i wait at like 10:00pm? on a friday?! between me and her we can get into most clubs easy without waiting. we're cute and we dress to tha nines out in vegas. i understand waiting for xs or sum new hot club but who tha fuck is jet?! we looked up and down the line and it was a bunch of midwesterners in stone-washed jeans and flat sandals. so yes, we had to sneak in with a group of girls like some ghetto fatasses. :P the only awesome thing is they played some real-ass hip hop in the back room. but they shut it down early and squeezed us all into the main room late at nite to make it look like the joint was poppin'. the rest of the music was crap. folks were below average lookin. and, yes, hussies on the pole.
2	I have been to Jet three times, but have never actually made it past the doorway. But I promise this is a justified review. On my last visit my GIRL friends were denied entry and asked to leave the line because they had flats on, and dressy flats and sandals at that. And the women in front and behind us, who were significantly older and not in some special VIP or bottle service line were NOT denied entry like my friends. I, on the other hand, was fine since I was wearing 5" heels. I'm just baffled at how rude the doorman was was to single out my friends like that. They left for Revolution lounge across the casino, but the last two standing guys and I stood there waiting in a static line for another hour, one group away from the final rope before entry, as hoards of girls passed to the right of our line wearing flat... UGGs.We all had wristbands, and this was around an hour before the midnight guestlist cutoff. There was simply no reason for this.Hypocritical, but hey that's Vegas. Won't be coming back to Jet, and nor will the five girls I was with.
1	The down-low on Jet! A bottle will cost you a minimum of $425 not including tip. A bottle of Grey Goose will cost $650 (with tip) and this was on a regular Thursday! Here's what they won't tell you. Drink slowly or the moment you finish your bottle they will ask you to buy another bottle or they will kick you out of your table!! We were asked to leave our table after only two hours!! Jet consists of 3 rooms (different type of music in each) with small dance floors surrounded by tables for bottle service. Regular admission is $30.The music is decent. The smaller back rooms are occasionally closed on slower nights. On Fridays and Saturdays don't even expect room to dance. Even if you get a table, they will eventually be overcrowded by other parties. XS and Tryst are way nicer and the people who go there are usually finer. Haze has opened and I heard it was amazing. For the price I should have went with the two bottles for $700 (not including tip) deal offered at Tao and they wouldn't have kicked you out for no good reason.
3	Music was cool, Drinks were made to perfection b/c we had a table and I was doing the pouring ahahhahahahno no but seriously... Here it goes... Jet isnt that bad of a spot but...its not the Hottest place to go in Vegas...even though the line makes it look like it could be...once I was in... it wasnt even that packed...but because the lay out of the club kinda stinks at times you can really find yourself packed like in there pretty tight ...but hey I guess thats all clubs... Its not that I didnt have fun last night but if I go I am going to make sure I always get a table there otherwise I think it would not be worth it.
1	3 hours in line to get into a club that eventually eliminated the line that basically made the last few hours of our lives a complete waste... enough said.I didn't actually get into the place, but was POed that I waited that amount of time only to have someone who was much further behind me all of a sudden in front. This place had no concept of crowd control, people just kinda of shoved and pushed their way into the club.No thank you JET.
4	It's not the usual huuuuge, glitzy, glamourous club found on the strip..but, I really REALLY like it. It's prolly in my top 5 clubs in Vegas. Every time I go to JET, I ALWAYS have a good time! And noooooooo, it's not cuz I'm drunk (at least, not most of the time) but, because of the music. ***Cue Lionel Ritchie --- "I can dance alllllllll niiiiiiiiighttttttt loooooooooong!!!"***They play top 40, hip hop, hyphee ishh. Everyone and anyone can get down to that. And if you can't then...take some shots and you can mos def get down! lol
3	Went on two separate occasions during my trip to Vegas fro Chicago. First time was a Thursday night. It was a good time, a lot of people but not crowded. The thing I love about the Vegas nightclubs (or the ones I went to at least) is that they play a diverse range of music, one minute you might hear Usher, T-Pain or Gucci Mane, next minute Black Eyed Peas and Pitbull, then Britney Spears and Lady Gaga.  I got in for $10 bucks so the cover wasn't bad at all. The second night was on a Saturday, and even though there were more people, I liked it better on Thursday. I gotta have room to dance, and there wasn't any that night. Ray J was there so it was definitely full. We got some discount passes on the strip earlier in the day so we got in for $20, even though regular price was $30. I didn't buy liquor at the bar either time, but I did pre-game pretty decently. The second night the music wasn't as balanced, the played less R&B rap and pop, more rock n roll. Wasn't my cup of tea, but hey.All in all Jet is a pretty good place to go , especially if you stay anywhere near Harrah's like I did. It just depends on the night so do your research before hand, unless you have money to blow.
3	Shoutout to comedian Jo Koy and my gf's sister for hooking us up with tickets to Jo's show (at the Mirage) and bottle service (to his after party) at Jet. Jet is actually a pretty nice club, but it seems like its pretty difficult to get in. There is no line. Just a mass group of people trying to get promoters attention to let them in.... Ahhh sounds just like good ol' hollywood, ca! The layout of the club is nice. A mixture of an eqyptian tomb and a old school John Travolta "Saturday Night Fever" music video. With that said, I had 2 issues with the club: 1) Guy to girl ration was about 3:1. Doesnt matter to me as I have a gf, and maybe it was just that night, but if youre a single guy, you need to be aware of this. 2) bottle service is not in a separate area than the dance floor/roped off. Its pretty annoying when people who arent in your group are walking thru your area/trying to sit on your couch. Tryst and Pure do a pretty good job of separating the two which I really appreciate. But it is what it is I guess. All in all its a pretty cool place. If youre a girl (with a group of girls) and have walked around the strip during the day, chances are you will get a a "free admission" card to Jet (or some other club) during the day (If youre deemed as "special" you will get a bracelet, which enables you to not wait in line and get a few free drinks, fyi). If you dont get either (and wanna go to Jet) just go to Mirage and walk around the casino/hotel admission area. There will be promoters in suits handing them out. If youre a dude, you know the drill already.
3	Thanks Mike G. for helping me and my 3 friends get in with no cover to the Jo Koy after party. It was late, club was packed and lines were everywhere to try to get in, so thank you.The club itself is nice. A little on the smaller side but with 3 rooms and spacious bar areas we managed to have a good time. Tragically though, their were way too many drunken stalker type guys. Also, I don't know how I feel about the stripper poles. I saw way more coochie than I ever intended to. For the guys however, Free Porn! Drinks were good, and not ridiculously priced ($12 average for premium drinks). Bartenders were awesome as well.  Music was also good. Great variety.So, not the best club in my book. But not the worst. I'd go back (for free) any day...
1	We went on a Monday night to see FElix De HOuseCat, and we were completely stoked to go, and then we waited in line, and waited some more and then waited (OMG *lipp!n seriously some MORE) for a total of THREE + hours, we saw people in front of us, to the side of us and IN BACK OF US getting into the club-I swore at one point I MOVED BACKWARDS!!        We got to the front ropes, we saw the one bouncer guy accepting $$$ to get inside, (seriously-your a short hozer in a suit?) and then if that wasn't insulting enough, they started charging INcreasing amounts of money to get in (they charged the 5 girls next to us $40 dollars each, and they paid it)-           Once we got in-  it was over packed, the drink pours were 4 seconds at best  and overall NOT WORTH THE HASSLE, TIME and or Coin.      Look, we've gone to clubs all over the states as I'm sure most of you have too, and honestly we never waited in line this long before unless it was a grand opening, and we also never had to bribe a post to get into a club (and yes, we're hot- and decked out- to go out).  Don't waste your time like we did and plan to go elsewhere!!   If there were less then one star that's what I would have chosen.
5	Good music and a good crowd.
4	*3.5 Stars*JET is great, although a little smaller than some of my favorite places in Vegas. They often have goods acts palying here, I saw LFMAO here by accident earlier this year. Drinks are pricey as to be expected. Dance floor can get a little crowded getting on and off cause of the narrow walkways. Still a great time.
4	Definitely a good starter club!I went to JET on my birthday and had a pretty good time. My friend and I got a V.I.P pass from one of the club promoters inside the Casino. With the pass we were able to go into the short (pretty people) line. They really do stress good looks or having the V.I.P pass so make sure you have one or the other. We got in pretty quick without any problems. The atmosphere is great and the club is a lot of fun. The strip poles were really cool and they had a lot of beautiful women dancing (for you guys out there). Drinks were pricey but hey, that's Vegas. The music was really cool too. Jet is a little small but it was definitely a lot of fun. A great starter club for your Vegas vacation!
1	One star is generous.This place was godawful. Maybe it was because we went on a Thursday night, or maybe it was because it was raunchy and the music stunk. I'm going with the latter on this one.We literally walked in and out. Jet advertises 3 rooms with different types of music. Our initial reaction was, "GREAT!" but boy were we disappointed when we walked in to find only one room, crammed with people pushing and shoving their way to the bar and mainstream 'hip-hop' blasting on the speakers. We left, went to The Beatles Revolution Lounge, and had a fantastic time.
1	Where do I start? It's a Light Group run nightclub, my suggestion, STAY AWAY FROM ALL OF THEM. It's only for the Paris Hilton bourgie, snobby types. LAX is WAY better in service, quality of staff and appearance. They want hi-class clientele, while providing no-class service. Save your money for a club that isn't stuck up, yet is still upper class. Rok Vegas, LAX, Moon
3	I went to JET for a 311 fan party so it was closed for all the great fans :) The club itself isnt very big with only two working bars. One bar is in the back so it was usually dead while the other one was packed since it's the first one people saw. Of course the bartenders were hot wearing practically nothing but lip gloss so there you go guys. The drinks are weak but luckily the prices were reduced for the fan party. I definitely recommend this club as a start to your night in Vegas!
1	What a nightmare! My girls and I had an amazing trip in Vegas. We would walk though the casinos and bouncers were just calling out to us and offering us free admission to the clubs. We partied for days. On our last night we went to Jet to meet some people we had met earlier in the trip. These guys had a table and had left our name at the door. The bouncers would not check the list for the table and told us to head to the back of the line. After a while they rudely picked at person after person on the line ahead us. They are online letting in non whites. After a while a new bouncer came over and asked why we were waiting on line. He lets us in but we get inside to find the place completely Ghetto. The crowd was so bad we never even bothered finding our firends in VIP. We just turned around and left. What a waste of an 45 mintes at JET.
2	I went here a year ago, and from what I remember, the line was super long to get in. Luckily I got the "free passes" for the ladies earlier in the day, but the line with guys and girls was so long, all the girls had to go to the separate line in order to take advantage of the free pass. Inside the club, the dance floor we went to was immediately closed off cuz some drunk chick threw up all over the bar and herself. Yeah, in the beginning of the night.What made this club a 2 is the fact that I've been to a number of Vegas clubs, and this club had the MOST CREEPS. There were people in there dressed really casual, and I distinctly remember one creep with a baseball shirt and jeans feelin up on one of my drunk friends. Don't get me wrong... I had fun, and I think most of my friends had fun because we were all pretty tipsy, but the atmosphere (the creeps) and the drunk girl in the beginning ruined my experience here.
3	I usually am not interested in going to Jet when I'm in town but my friend had a hook-up for buy 2 bottles, get 1 free, so we decided to do it.  When I first walked up, I was so not impressed by the people standing in line...totally ghetto but there was a huge line.  It helps to be on the guest-list and/or do bottle service.  My group was pretty big with 8 guys and 4 girls.  With this ratio, to get in without waiting in line, we set it up so that the 8 guys were buying 2 bottles and we put the 4 girls on the guestlist to get in free.  Someone we knew, knows a bartender that was able to do that.  I don't know what the regular cost is for the 2 bottles but we did get one free on top of that.  In Vegas, you gotta ask around, network, make friends, etc to get the best deals/hook-ups.  Anyway, we all got in easily with this set-up.  Once inside, the club itself is decorated pretty nicely with candled walls, lights on the ceiling and stripper-poles throughout the dancefloor.  The space is medium sized, not small but not huge either.  The music was really good, a mix of Hip Hop and some House.  We got a table right next to the dancefloor.  Our bottle service girl was pretty friendly (they aren't always) and attentive, refilling the mixers, ice, and cups often.  Later in the night, she told my husband she could do buy one bottle, get one if we wanted more, so we did.  We got a second bottle of Jack ($450 plus tax + 20% gratuity).  In total, we bought 3 bottles and got 2 free, so 5 total.  More friends showed up, we got the two tables next to us since they opened up.  And ended up partying 25 people deep.  It was a good time.  The place was totally packed, uncomfortably packed.  If we didn't have a table, I'd be pissed off.  The couple of times I walked to the bar and bathroom, I was squished to death.  The crowd is mostly 20-somethings, so it's a bit younger and all ethnicities.  My only gripe is that there were really nasty chicks on the stripper poles.  I thought the poles were going to break.  It was NOTcute!  So I docked a point because of janky people in this place.
2	Not the best, but not the worst. You'll here a hundred promoters tell you they can get you in on this list or that list here. Blah blah, it's not hard to get into because... it's kinda bland and boring. But if you go, just make sure this is the first club you go to in the night. You can get a drink without waiting too long. The crowd is kinda lame, but it's a decent size and the music is pretty basic. So you can go, not wait in line, get a few drinks start to dance then skip off to where ever your preferred club for the night is. Heard the silly dumbasses from Jersey Shores have a night here now, I'm sure that brings in interesting (or retarted) crowd. I'll be sure to avoid whatever that night is, actually I pretty much try to avoid it anyway, but that will be a night I'm really not a good audience for so that took away 1 extra star for me.
2	I'm not a big club guy, but I've been to a majority of those that Vegas has to offer and I have to say, I've probably been the least impressed with Jet. Getting in wasn't the problem as we were there for a bachelor party of 16 guys and fully intended on buying bottle service, which we did.The first problem arose when we were told we would be buying 4 bottles and getting 1 free, because that would typically allow us to have 2 tables with that much alcohol and that many people. After all, the table areas are by no means large, especially at Jet. I'd say this club is by far one of the smallest I've been to and would be the normal size for an LA club...maybe. There's nothing unique to the club at all in regard to their atmosphere; it's just a box of a room with flashing lights. I will say that the music was pretty solid though.Our hostess sat us down at a prime location, right near the dance floor directly beneath a go-go dancer's stage area, where my friends were invited up to dance as they pleased, but unfortunately, and here's where the club loses a star, so were the table of 6 guys they squeezed in next to us. Did I mention that they ended up giving the 16 of us with 5 bottles only 1 table? Ya, no bueno. My friend was talking to one girl who tried to grab our bottle and start pouring herself drinks. I'm a nice guy, but when I'm paying way more than I should for drinks and you start trying to take what I've paid hard earned money for, I'm not gonna be a happy camper. I politely told her that she didn't pay for those drinks and only to take what was offered to her by my friend at the table.The crowd was pretty ghetto, as my friends had told me was the case when they've been to Jet as well. We had a good time regardless as it's always fun catching up with friends, especially when you have people waiting on you to refill your ice and drinks. The reason I'm only giving them two stars isn't necessarily for their service because it was great, but rather, for the money you spend to get a table, you could easily get two tables at a much better club with a much nicer atmosphere. Tryst, Pure on the rooftop...the list goes on.I think the highlight of the night was when my buddy got kicked out for trying to get a little too fresh with the hostess. The result overall? I won't be going back unless it's mandated by another bachelor party.
1	STAY AWAY!!!I've been to this club twice and both experiences were horrible!!!Music- 4/10mash-ups mash-ups mash-upsbottle service- 1/10it took us over 30 mins to finally get our bottle and waitress was asking for more tip money WTF!?!?!venue- 6/10nice dance floor but limited of exit room so it gets crampedsecurity- 2/10bullies that just push you out of the way
1	I showed up here against my better judgement to meet my buddy who i thought was inside. The night at JET started with the head host, Jarred or something, telling me how unimportant I was. Quote: "sir, we're turning away guys with $5000 penthouse suites. If I can get you in you gotta pay 40 bucks." Ummm ok, dude. We're full would have surficed. So then my buddy shows up; i suppose he's more important then me. He was walking in and saw me and said "what you doing? Come on boss!" so I along i went. Music was super lame. It was last years top 40 with music player mixes. It also had alot of wallflowers, understanably. We had two drinks and a shot and left within 45 minutes. That bad. For the price and the treatment they give, there are way too many clubs in Vegas to come here. Go to one of those.
4	After going to Tao and XS, this place didnt seem all that great to me. I think if i came here to start off with it would be better. +1 no cover+1 my girlfriends and I didnt have to wait in the Loooooong asssss Line. It looks like a Black Friday outside of Walmart! The promoters walked up to the front of the line. +1 Music was great. It was consistently great dancinig music. None of those awkward silence "what the hell is the DJ playing" moments when people stop and stare at each other+1 VIP/ bottle service was great. The bar isnt too crowded and I came on a Saturday night. -1 There are poles to dance on. The night I went all the gross people decided to dance on them. I had a good time here. Its one of the smalled clubs compared to XS, Tao, and Pure.
2	Not at all impressed with Jet...maybe its because it was super crowded and the staff was rude. Our friend, Ashley, had the hook up so we walked right in the club and it was jammed wall to wall...I'm thinking its because this and XS were the only clubs open on Monday nights. We finally make it to the bars to be pushed to the side mulitple times by staff delivering ice and bottles to VIP tables....Strike 1. We finally get our drinks....(Side note: I'm a bartender and I like to make and enjoy drinks that taste good...the drink I ordered was basically all rum. I know I know...I shouldnt be complaining but damn...if you're going to bartend...make a drink that at least tastes good..sheesh) Strike 2. So..I'm enjoying my "drink" when someone bumps into me and like half of it falls on that person and on the floor....Strike 3. At that point...I was ready to go....the music wasnt all that and the guys were too busy staring in the mirrors at themselves....so off we go to XS...
1	It was so crowded that I was being pushed from all sides! The crowd was actually swaying back and forth as one because we were all crammed together like sardines! People were getting angry and pushing really hard and girls were getting knocked over. All I kept thinking is if there is a fire, I am going to die!
5	This place is da bomb! Service is amazing,music is pumping,and you never have to wait long in line. The VIP hosts are the best in Vegas, this club is a must!!!!!!
1	This place sucks don't go here, just a lame ass club, XS and Tao are 1000x better any night.  I wasted $30 going here and the girls were like this place sucks after 20 mintues and we left and ended up going to XS lol.  The damn bouncers are complete idiots they close off part of the dance floor for these lame  plastic  rails to cover the vip table areas no one has even bought and the dance floor was full of couples like wtf this place is gay I will never go here again.  The bartender was a total cunt when I ask for 2 beers she tried to charge me $18 fuck that this place dissapoints me I cant believe all the hype they make up so people sucker into going to shitholes like this.  Thanks Jet for pissing me off you did a really good job ur clubs sucks major balls !!!! see you never!
1	My friends and I were so not even impressed by Jet... was not what we expected at all. 1. Too crowded.2. I was charged for the wrong drinks.3. Bartenders were dicks and didn't know how to make drinks.    - I ordered 2 drinks and I was charged for 3 drinks that were not     what I ordered at all!!4. Just wasn't feeling how dark and weird it was.NEVER AGAIN!!
3	This place was ok. Like others said, the place was really small. I went on a Monday night and we still waited for almost an hour to get in. I didn't really think it was gonna be as crowded as it was, so I didn't try to get us on the guestlist~which i regret instantly as we got there! the line was ridicuolously long. Actually there were about 5-6 different lines!!!The best part about this place was that we had the free passes~! so we didn't have to pay anything to get it. The worst part is that they try to make it an "exclusive" night club so it took forever for them to let a couple of people in. Expect to wait at least an hour!! One thing though, the free passes don't work after midnight, so I think they try to make as much people get in after midnight as possible. So i would suggest if you have the passes go as early as possible!!regardless, my bf and i still had a lot of fun, there were a lot of good looking people which made the experience that much better :)
4	Cool place.
1	I had pretty high hopes for JET as my friends were excited about it, but I wasn't impressed in the least. It was huge, dark and there were bored girls in rolled up athletic shorts "pole dancing." The line was absolutely huge outside, but hardly anyone was actually inside. Despite this, the security staff kept telling us to move to different parts of the hallway by the bar. I'm still not sure why, because there wasn't any traffic. Very disappointing and absolutely not worth waiting in that giant line outside.
4	We had fun the second time around...maybe because Nelly was going to be there and it was a more diverse crowd. The only thing that annoyed me is that the Dj would play 5 hip hop songs then play that house crap for a good 15 mins then switch bk to hip hop for 2 songs etc etc. ugh. NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR THAT! Neeewho, Jet is small but they have a stage and I was up there most the night shakin my booty :)If Nelly wouldn't had been there, we wouldn't had gone probably esp after listening to the dj. Overall 4 stars because overall it was fun :)
4	I used Twitter to get on the Monday night Guest-List. That didn't work as my name was not added. However, the Bouncer was nice enough to let us in with absolutely no hassle. The music is ok, some rooms are better than others. I couldn't believe how many big girls got up on the poles and started dancing up there!! All-in-All not bad for a Monday night club!
2	Unfortunately this has been my least favorite club experience in Vegas.  I usually like to start of my reviews with some good things, leading to some bad things and then refreshing the idea on some more good things, but honestly I can't think of any good thing to write about the club.I'll start at the line.  There's one long line that never really seems to move and you never feel like you're getting ahead at all.  What's worse is that we got a hold of a promoter, and they were pretty strict on no sneaks for guys' attire, but the promoters were really unfriendly and really hard to work with.  The guys in our group decided to back out to let everyone else get in (about 8 girls left with 2 guys), and the promoters still made the guys pay a cover of $30, which was pretty ridiculous.  I mean, I know that's the usual charge, but when you're on guestlist and with that guy to girl ratio, you usually get some sort of discount going on.Walking into the club, I was not impressed with the club at all.  The dance floor is OK.  It's not insanely huge, but it's not tiny either.  In the center there were some poles for girls to dance on.  it might have just been the night that I came in, but honestly there were no real go-go dancers on these poles.  And I came on a Saturday night.  They were free for guests to come up, and the girls that went up there had all their fat hanging out of their super tight dresses and were obviously drunk as fuck and didn't know what they were doing.  If you stood anywhere around this platform in the center, you were surrounded by creepy guys that just stood there and stared at the fat chicks.  We didn't have a lot of dancing space because it wasn't just the center, guys stand around the entire dance floor trying to creep on girls and stare at them.  I mean, I'm a guy too, and I understand the need to dance with girls.  But this is Vegas, aren't you supposed to keep it a lot classier?  You go up to the girl and ask if she wants to dance, not stand there and hope that she'll come to you. I didn't even make it to the bar because I was gone with 45 minutes of being in that club, even though i wasted $30 on the cover charge, but we were there for a friend's birthday, so I wanted to at least walk in with her.  The music choice wasn't very good either.  They had a couple good hits every once in awhile, but they were drowned away in a lot of 80's music, reggatone, and all kinds of music that weren't very club-fitting. Maybe it was the night I came in, but I really felt that I walked into an 18+ club.  I don't think I'll ever be coming back to this club.
4	3 rooms. 1 Main dance area w/ hip-top, top-40. Other one was house. and last was also hip-hop, or oldschool, I forgot. Pretty popular spot. Guys paid $30-40, depending...I think ur room key helps u get a discount.
3	We went to the Mirage during the day to go see some tiger cubs! OO SO CUTE!!! While we were admiring how cute the cubs were, some guy came up to us saying is the Kardashian brother bday at Jet tonight and that we should come. He gave us passes so we decided to go.We got there fairly early, and the line was huge. The girls line went in first (as always) but the guys line did not move. We had some guys in our party and we didnt even see them after an hour of being inside.I texted one of them and they told me they're still outside and they were thinking of leaving. I hate how annoying clubs in vegas are to guys, but this one was by far the worst I've ever experienced.
3	We were staying at the Mirage, so we decided to check out JET.  It was a Thursday night, and there were only a few people trying to get in...no lines.  Since we were guests in the hotel, we got in for free.SKYY Vodka was doing some promotion that night, so I was able to get a free drink.  There were a good amount of people on the dance floor, but it wasn't that packed.  We walked around to check out the place, and it seemed like an older crowd that night.  I guess Thursday nights aren't poppin' at JET.  I had a few drinks, danced a little, and then headed back out to meet our friends that were gambling.  This was one of the smaller clubs that I've been to in Vegas, but not bad.  I'm assuming it has more potential on the weekends.
4	It's small,  but I really did like this place.  It took me an hour to discover the electronica room, but the DJ in there had AWESOME house playing.  I almost died inside when they switched styles at 1am to top 40...it was time to get out of there and go to PURE.  However, I've had some drunken nights at JET, and it's always been easy to get in, and there's always room to shake it.  This is definitely a starter for the night; I would never consider finishing up here, especially since they switched over to crappy music when enough people get in the club.  And, stripper poles are always an interesting add-on to a club.  At least to watch from a distance.
3	had a better time here cause it wasn't crowded as fahk like tao!same shit here from my tao review.... got in for free and got drinks from the ladies for free.the dj here was better too. dance floor was big enough to accommodate everyone. although this fat bitch rejected me! jesus! i was just being considerate! i saw this fat chick from a mile away and noticed she had one of those sashes on. so, i figured i'd see if she'd like to dance cause fat women need love too! well, i danced my way over to her and was like "heeey, let's do this!" and TRIED to dance with her and she stuck her fat nose up in the air and said "no!".o_owell, fuck you then! instead i danced away and got in between these 2 fat black women, and they were with it! those 2 knew how to have fun! hey, can't a guy just have fun? whether or not it be with fat women? like i said, fat women need love too! and i'm here to give it to them. :pthe funny thing is my friend saw me and was like "don't get lost in theeeere!" hahaha! it was like an ice cream sandwich with banana cream filling! lmao! get it? since i'm asian i'm considered "yellow".oh, man! good times! fuck that bitch who rejected me though! fyi she was latina and i guess latina women aren't as down as african-american women. oh, well. *shrug*the crowd isn't as sophisticated here compared to tao. this place reminded me of a club here in long beach. hahaha! hey, where my long beach people at!? west side!!! :pany who, there was some odd fellas that i noticed at the club.some dude was wearing a t-shirt, jeans, and some running shoes! wtf? haha! this guy ain't going to the club! more like he's ready to go to the next comic con! haha! with his nerdy looking ass!then there was this old asian man with a "mr. burns hairstyle" from the simpsons, which didn't strike me as hard, but the thing that got me was the fact that he was wearing those pants that have zippers at the knees where you can unzip half of the pants off and turn them into shorts!!! ROFL!!1!!11!!!oneoh my GAWD! i was like somebody give that guy a nikon! then he can unzip his pants into shorts and become an "instant asian tourist"!!!holy shit. i'm freaking dying here! haha!ok. now let's recap.got in for free. got free drinks. dance floor was spacious. couldn't get a taco but instead got some chocolate. saw some fools in the club.and then it got dark...if rick james were there he'd be like "darkness! darkness everybody!"
1	Went to this nightclub on a Thursday night (7/29/10). The only good thing about this place was the free entry for both men and woman. The music was mainly rap/hiphop on the mainfloor with the other 2 rooms closed. The DJ rarely mixed out of his rap mood on this night and since the other 2 rooms where closed then I would of taught the DJ would have done a much better job mixing in different genre's of music, but he didn't.We should have left before I wasted close to $200 on drinks in this club. Save your $$$ before going to this club if your not into rap/hiphop on Thursday nights. The lounges would most likely have been much funner at The Mirage than this club.
3	My friend and I were staying at Mirage and after hopping around some bars we ended up back at our hotel checking out Jet.  I've been here once before and had a blast w/ my other girl friends but this time around I wasn't drunk enough to fully enjoy this place or maybe we didn't get VIP service like we had before.  In any case, the place was packed and everyone was already in "hookup" stage of the night which is fine, it's Vegas understood.  However, the music...oh the music. I could've sworn the music was so much better last time. However this time around the DJ was spinning some odd mixes and not transitioning well whatsoever.  AND we were only there for like 1.5 hours and we heard the same song twice within that span.  Luckily we didn't pay cover..I think I would've been totally upset if I did.
2	im literally laughing as i write this review because i just remember my friend getting kicked in the head by an over eager woman trying to pole dance on a platform right next to him. hahaha.jet nightclub is okay. the energy here is definitely not as crazy and fun as some other clubs... and we only came here for the open bar since i was staying at the mirage at the time.  there are 3 different rooms playing different music which is kinda cool..but id prefer one huge party in one room than 3 disjointed rooms if you know what i mean. the DJ wasnt really getting the crowd pumped up so we left early.. the crowd is definitely really mixed and they seemed a bit older. im glad i gave this club a try but i doubt ill be coming back especially with so many other hotter/newer clubs out there now.
4	(Was in Vegas for a wedding)I think they charge $30-$40 to get in here.  A friend who was also in town, had already been inside for an hour or so and had bought a table.  Perhaps my Zen/Jedi seasoned clubber brain kicked in, when I decided that I'm gonna tell the bouncer that my brother and I are with my friend's table.  Sure enough it worked...not only did we get in free, but we got a personal escort to the table.The place was packed, and they were playing top 40 and some pop crap.  They played pockets of good hip-hop and R&B. Its a decent mix of folks, with a lot of Asians.  The crowd overall was pretty cool, and there were a bunch of cute girls.  The energy was good...translation: people getting loaded and being very sociable.  There was a lot of standing around, but mixed in was a number of people who were really there to dance and have a good time.Around 2am, there was a pole dancing show.   The girls were pretty damn good.I think I left around 3 am, when the herd starting getting real thin.  Overall I  had a great time, drinking, dancing and mingling.  I probably went a little wild in this place, but good wild, not "Oh Sh*t, I've gone to the abyss!".  I left thinking "I'm glad I don't live here, because a place like is gonna get me in trouble".
4	Soooooo fun! Waived admission, free drinks and lots and lots of dancing and super fun had by all. (It really is nice going out with a group of hot girls who want to party). Music was to our taste as was the crowd.
1	Avoid this club at ALL costs!! It was our first time at Vegas, and a promoter was gonna take us here, so we said why not? So we get to the club after walking down the strip (bad idea, always take cab), and our promoter meets us in the Mirage outside of Revolution to give us our free "shots" (shots of juice, methinks). We get to the line for JET (10 PM they open I think), and there's separate lines for chicks that they recruit (aka fodder for the males to drop money on), and guests that get in because they stay at the hotel, and regular people who actually go to the club (can't believe that line existed). Anyways, not a happening club. Waited for 30 minutes to get in (after 10 PM, they like to do this show where they keep girls outside to make people believe their club is where its at), and saw some ridiculous show of red white and blue (I believe it was circus themed).  Got four of us girls comped (fodder), and went in. From the line, the crowd appeared to be older (30s?). The layout was weird, did not feel the DJ, and ultimately left to XS. I've had better clubbing experiences in LA.
4	Came here for my birthday weekend! so much fun and classy club overall.They say Vegas clubs are tough to get into but they gave us these VIP passes and we skipped line and went in fast.They aren't too picky with I.D. at this club because we got my 17 yr old sister in with a fake that doesn't even look like her LOL!!either that or because we are pretty obviously but it's worth a try if your sis or bro is underage and want to sneak them in!..also the drinks were good(don't know how much I never pay) and the music was awesome.There were a couple of ghetto girls up on the stripper pole and everytime they dropped downlow they hit my sister in the head with their ass!! lmao so disgusting and unclassy so a point off for allowing these kind of girls in there.Also i suggest you bring guy friends unless you are looking to meet a guy or else you will have to literally fight them off of you..i don't know whats up with guys when they come to Vegas but they really are like desperate animals there.EWW..but anyways i didn't let that part ruin the night.was still worth it! :)
3	I didn't even make it inside.....check it! Waiting in line for an hour. We met some people from Cali and they told us this is going to be the best night we had in vegas club.  So I am ready right???? Wrong! Got to the door and the bouncer told me I needed to change me shoes before I got in.  Cold Blooded ( Rick James) !
3	Not my favorite place to party in Vegas but my latest experience at Jet was not bad at all.  I had come here sober once (correction, I came here with a NASTY hangover) and there was a huge mix-up and my group ended up getting a bottle but was required to purchase more than one bottle. I can't remember much because I was so hungover, that I couldn't last more than 30-45 minutes at the club.  Our table was in the "other room" in the back and the crowd was less of your traditional Vegas (douchy) and perhaps...more ghetto?  That experience was almost more than a year ago and I remember swearing "I'm never coming here again"Well, I found myself at Jet again and this time our group (5 guys, 5 girls) got in for free and bypassed the general admission line because some people from our group were hotel guests.  Every promoter, bouncer, guy in a suit holding a clipboard that I talked to was friendly and the opposite of pretentious (crazy, right?). Hassle free :) AND FREE entry to boot! :) :) :)Now on to the club - the other room was not open so I was worried that we would be stuck in the main room and that the dj would only play house music (which is all I heard at the other swankier clubs like Surrender). The line for drinks was not too long but the club was PACKED and the dancefloor too small.  They let everybody dance on the stripper poles and stages (heck, they even let me dance up there) but I didn't think it was that bad.  Security continued to be nice inside. I had a good buzz on and I had a BLAST with my friends.  It's a shame that David L. had such a bad time (but if girls are grabbing him on the ass...how bad can that be? I must have been too drunk to see this happen, otherwise, I would have high-fived those girls),Are there nicer, roomier, swankier clubs in Vegas? Hell yeah. Have I been to nicer, roomier, swankier clubs in Vegas? Yes. Was the experience as hassle-free there - NO WAY. Did they play decent music at other clubs - only if you are a fan of house mixes of top 40.  Want top 40 circa 2002-2006, Jet is your place.
3	I went to Vegas last weekend for my buddy's bachelor party and went to my first club ever.  Clubs don't interest me at all because I don't like dancing too much, I'm married, I don't like being stuck in loud situations for long periods of time, I don't like paying for over-priced drinks, I listen to primarily rock and metal music, and I don't like the idea of paying to experience all of those things (you probably think I am NO FUN right about now).  This club thing is what my buddy's SB friend do when they go to Vegas, and they do it in style.The arranger of the bachelor party has connections to many of the clubs in Vegas and he got us in here for free.  We got a table with 5 or 6 bottles of alcohol right next to the corner of the dance floor.  The service was very good at continuously bringing mixers and pouring drinks for the girls that were some how merged into our group of guys.The music was a mix of pop, hip-hop, and techno-esque stuff, so I actually recognized some of the content.  The "scenery" was mixed but decent.  It was definitely loud and dark, but it wasn't too terrible.The only thing I should note is that we kept hearing from various people that we talked with who worked at places we went prior to going to Jet that the place was going downhill fast.  They said the staff gets treated like crap, the house pulls bait and switch stuff on "buy 2 get 1" deals for customers, etc. and made it seem like it was kind of shady.  I don't know if we experienced that or not since I didn't pay the check, but everyone seemed to indicate that XS was the new hottest club in Vegas.  Just be warned that people who work the clubs at the strip are saying Jet is questionable.Summary: Not a bad first club experience for me.  Decent music (pop, hip-hop, and some house), good service, good "scenery", prices are probably par for what you get with table service.  I can't compare this to anything else, so that's all I got :)
3	I really cant say much for JET. I've been here 2 times and both times, got in free AND got completely wasted on free drinks for ladies until midnight. JET does something to me that no other club in Vegas has. Both times I've been to this club, I leave just after midnight after the free drinks are over. The first time I went, it was 2 guys and 2 girls. All of us got in right away, didnt have to wait in line, and the girls got in free. Unfortunately, the guys had to pay still. Once we got in, the free drink ladies had us sign something to get our drink tickets. After that, it was over. I jump on free drinks like no other! They give you two drink tickets at a time, but the bartenders only allow you to get one drink at a time. Simple solution - get one drink at one bartender, move down a little and get the second drink from another. duuhh. Passed the drinks on to the guys, and went back to get more tickets. I cant even tell you how many times we went back and forth for our free drinks, but I can tell you that at the end of the night, 3 of the 4 in our group were sh*tfaced. The music was ok. The dance floor in the main room, as far as I can tell since I never actually got to the dancefloor, is pretty small. They have strip poles around the place for the ladies to enjoy making fools of themselves. I, for one, am guilty of that  -___-. Not my top choice of club to go to when I'm in Vegas, but the drinks are free and its pretty easy to get in. This is a good place to start the night off, then go somewhere more poppin.
3	If you love hip hop then I would definitely check this club out, if not then your not gonna have a good time. This club isn't that big, the setting of the club kind of remind me of the club at Bellagio. The dance floor is in the middle, surrounded with tables around. Two rooms, I didn't get to go to the other room so I can say much about it. The bars were located the walk way to get to the dance floor. Cost for the club I am not sure because I got in for free. All I can say is I had a great time and so did the group I was with because it wasn't as crowded. They made our drinks really strong so after my third drink I was in the good stage. However, the dancing pole of course pervert guys would look to see chicks panties, I totally caught them red handed and started yelling at them. But I guess that's what your suppose to expect if your gonna dance on the pole. (I don't do the whole dancing on the pole just because I know that guys are pervs.)
2	I went to Jet with three guys... not an idea situation since clubs in Vegas basically hate men. I happened to be in Vegas for work the same week my 21-year-old brother came to town for some reunion drunk fest with all the people he did a semester with in Spain. We also happened to be in the same hotel. I didn't mind, I love my little bro and some of his friends look like the runners up for the cast of Twilight. Plus, we had passes. Even with them we endured the "Vegas Game" where you get the evil eye for bringing too many guys with you. The passes did make the process a lot easier, since we didn't have to wait in that mob of desperate people. Sorry, no offense. If my friend hadn't gone to high school with one of the employees, we'd have been right there with you. I don't know what to say about this place really, but I think something my brother said best describes it. As we made our way through the sea of people gyrating in the strobe lights my brother goes, "This would be a lot better on drugs." It's true. It really is and I don't even do drugs. The first stop was the bar, surprisingly easy to get a drink compared to other places I've been.  I wanted to be a nice big sis and buy my little brother a drink because his drunk ass lost the discount card my friend's hookup gave him and he had to pay something like $35 just to get in.  Unfortunately, he wanted a Long Island. They're fifty dollars at Jet?! For fifty dollars I better be getting the alcohol equivalent of an entire bottle.  Every time I go to a Vegas club I wish I had just gone to O'sheas, listened to the live band, and played $5 craps.  When will I learn?
2	We were spending 2 nights in Mirage and thought it would be convenient to party at JET since we supposedly get free admission before midnight. It was only me and my boyfriend and we arrived at 10.50pm (on 08/30/10) to find a long line even for the invited/hotel guests. We thought an hour would be enough time to make it before midnight so as not to pay cover charge. Oh boy were we wrong!Note that there are three main lines to stand in: Invited/Hotel guests line, "walk in" clubgoers line (who need to pay cover charge), and special whore-y looking girls. The girls line is the fastest of course , then the walk ins, and the slowest line was our line (since we are the line who shouldnt pay cover before midnight). So we waited and waited while everyone else got in. It was extremely obvious that we were made to wait till after midnight so as to fork up the cover charge price. Just ridiculous!While in line we noticed that some people weren't allowed in because of their shoes, knowing well that other people were allowed in with ugly flipflops. A well-dressed European couple who were infront of us in line got denied entry after waiting one hour in line..I mean this is just insane!And yet we waited, I didn't want to leave after waiting this much in line. At 12.05am (i kid you not), we were let in and of course made to pay the cover charge. My bf tried to argue with the cashier to let him in with no charge since we are hotel guests and it's barely past midnight but to no avail. He forked up $40 while I got in for free. I guess it pays to be a girl sometimes :)The club inside was packed..I heard that JET has 3 rooms but we only found 2. Dunno where the third one was hidden. The first room is big and alot of poles for the drunken chicks to drool over. The music was good if you like hiphop. The second room was much smaller and even more crowded. It also had hiphop music which I thought defeated the purpose of different rooms. The drinks are almost $12 and waitresses were going around giving people free shots.This wasn't a great clubbing experience. Vegas has much better spots than JET and better ambiance. If you do decide to go there, dress to impress. Girls wear heels and guys keep your sneakers in your room. Get there at 10pm if you don't have your name on a guest list and be prepared to pay $40 cover charge.
2	Oh man, what has this club turned into??? Is this where all the ghetto people come to play? My friends and I got walked in, didn't have to wait in line (thank god, cause i would be pissed once i got in), and literally walked around the perimeter of the club and walked out. I don't remember it being like this at all, but I haven't been in a couple years. I guess its pretty inside, but there is absolutely no where for you to take a break from dancing. You have to stand for life here. I hate that.
4	So I had some mixed feelings about JET before I went. Honestly, I was going since we had VIP tickets here and figured they were close to my hotel so I should put 'em to good use. When we first arrived, they weren't letting anyone but re-entries in and the cover was $40. Helllll no. When I flashed my little smile and asked about our passes, the guy said basically carried us in. Awesome.If y'all are into hip hop music like myself, then you'll really like this club. I listen to all kinds of music but when I'm out and about, I wanna shake my rump to some good stuff - none of this house, fist-pumping nonsense. This was a huge venue with poppin' music and a cool crowd. From other reviews, people were saying this place is too ghetto. Oh, then either A) I came on a good night or B) they need to take themselves elsewhere that's 5x more pretentious. This isn't the best club in Vegas by any means, but I'll definitely be back because it was a fun and pretty laid-back spot to visit.
2	not a very memorable experience the time i did come here.its nice that we were given comped drinks because it was ladys night, but you can only have skyy vodka drinks. the club itself was ok, it doesnt really compare to XS or TAO. its not really that grand. granted they do have 3 seperate rooms but everyone is in the main room. the two side rooms were pretty empty and the music was kind of whack. the main room had some trance, hip hop and house music, it wasnt that great since there seemed to be quite a few people standing. after being here for an hour we left and went to XS, which had a better atmosphere and decor.if anything, i would completely skip JET the next time i come back to the mirage.
1	Not worth it -,totally boring
2	So as I stroll my ass on over to JET I notice the large crazy line.  The large crazy line was for the bottle service people.  I wasn't too pleased about this, we were buying 3 bottles that night and it wasn't going to be cheap. (over $1,200)  I didn't think I had to wait in a 20 minute line to get me seated.Yeah well that didn't matter....I still had to wait.I get in the place and no one is there! I waited in a line for....what?  I was confused.  You know that scene in "nick and noras infinite playlist" when that one guy is dancing to Are You Randy? and everyone peaces out.  It was the exact scene. I said F it.  Let's get the party started. and Ohhh it did.We get 1 booth. 1 booth for 12 people. We asked what was up with that and they said the owner of JET was there and they crammed everyone in to make it looked packed or else we would of got 2 tables. lolol wooowAfter the 5th time of hearing "OMG". I was dunzo. (thanks Stoli)I've never got completely trashed before in Vegas, and well that night I did.  I thank GOD for the wonderful bouncers.  They knew I was tore up and helped me in any which way I wanted.  I wasn't too thrilled with the club sober, but super drunk I was lovin the place.  The bouncer even helped me put my shoes back on. I guess they magically came off?So go if you get in free yo. For reals, and if you like to hear the same songs over and over again you'll totally enjoy it.Thanks JET for a magically interesting evening.  The bouncers kick ass.  Our waitress was kinda bunk but I poured my own drinks. Which probably wasn't that great of an idea.
3	In two words? Ghetto fabulous.The crowd's not your typical Wynn/Encore/Venetian class; much more, your down and dirty, ass in your face, humping on the floor, boys throwing cash, jersey shore kinda crowd, and let's face it, sometimes they're just more fun! hahahaha. Friday night music was bumping, drinks flowing (especially after an open bar nearby)! I doubt I would do it again, unless, of course, I start feeling some ghetto fabulousness in me...hahah
4	On the first night of my trip, a group of us decided to reserve a table at jet.  I've never done the whole table/bottle thing before, so it was a new adventure.  Overall, the experience was well worth it.  We had 12 people in the group and it ended up costing everyone $140 at the end of the night.  You may think like that is a lot, but when it would've been $35 to get into the place and $10-15 per drink, we paid a small premium to have our own waitress, bouncer to keep the plebes out, and having our own area to sit.  Everyone had their fair share of drinks.  The service was excellent, but it should have been figuring a 20% tip was included.  The crowd was nice.  Not too packed like Tao was on Friday (another review coming).  The music was fine, your typical club hip-hop mix.  No complaints there.If you are going to LV and have a group of mainly guys, this is definitely the way to go.  On Friday, I spent the same amount of money at Tao and was packed in like a sardine.
4	I got into jet thru a promoter.... this is definately the way to go. we had 5 girls and 2 guys in our group. all the ladies got in for free and the guys each had to pay a reduced cover, it was cool tho cuz we got to skip the long regular admission line. inside the ladies got free drinks til midnight and i managed to get two free drinks from my girl:) music was great club mix. 3 different rooms with different music but the main room was the best. hot chicks grindin on the pole all night long. if u are in vegas u should definately stop by this club. the promoter we met said it was cool to give his # if u are going to vegas call this guy dan, he hooked us up all weekend at other clubs too. 570-234-5884.
4	Seven women without a plan walking down the strip meet two well-dressed club pushers. Jet? What the heck...we'll give it a shot. Where is it? Oh, you're going to escort us? Thank GOD...because trying to get 6 women to follow me, their elected "leader", anywhere is like trying to herd cats...but, throw a man in front of them and they'll walk for miles! Thank God again because we never would have found it on our own...after a 5 minute walk winding and turning around corners, we arrived. More benefits of being female in Vegas...short wait, no cover, free drinks. The only nasty dancing going on in our immediate vicinity was by the girls up on the poles. One drink later, I was shaking it up there with the young 'uns...my ego was fully gratified by the "encouragement" I received back on the dance floor. For about 3 minutes, this 40+ year old whooped some 20 yr old booty! Other than the liberating moment on the pole, the club was pretty typical...the crowd was a mix of young and slightly older, I can't remember much about the music, but I do remember some 80's tunes with a beat pumped in, and I wasn't mauled much during our time here. I'd definitely go back...if only for the pole.
5	I had read the mixed reviews about this place but when a friend of mine told me a story about it, I had to check it out. Of course bottle service is the only way to go in Vegas. Made the bottle reservation over the phone with a promoter named Donald January. This guy is awesome. I reserved two bottles and he threw one in for free. 3 bottles for the price of 2! So we get there at about 11 o'clock on a Friday night in July  and the lines are long as most of them are in Vegas. I called him and he said come right up to the front of line and we didn't have to wait at all. Great crowd, great music, good times. Went to the palms and pure that same weekend and had the best time at jet. Will definitely go back again.
4	I must have hit Vegas on a perfect night/weekend! We came here last Friday night for our Ladies Night on the Strip. It was with out a doubt an amazing party. I had never been to this club before, but definitely will be back. We were on the guest list and had no problems getting in. Free drinks all night long. The music was great to dance to. the service was right on. Thanks JET for an outstanding Ladies Night!!!!
4	Had some friends in town and they really wanted to get a table. Got a friend to get that taken care of. He said it would be $750 for 2 bottles. Bill ended up over $850. Not sure of the breakdown, but oh well. Once we got there and sat at the table, the servers kept asking us what we want to drink. They kept making drinks and they were pretty strong. Makes me think they want us to finish our bottles quickly so we can get more or something. Dunno.The venue itself was decent. Not that big. The dancers weren't that great looking. But they did have a platform in the middle of the dancefloor with 2 poles for the girls to get up and dance on. Overall, pretty fun. The music was good and it wasn't too crowded. Our table was right on the dance floor. And the bar was right behind us. It was nice. Wish I could've been there longer, but a friend got kicked out for drinking too  much too quickly. Bummer. Overall though, fun. I really liked having the platform and pole in the middle of the floor.
1	We were told a series of lies and treated great before we entered the club.  Upon entrance you quickly realize it was all a bunch of sh-t and they straight up treat you like sh-t too.  Drinks-  Bartenders are straight up jerks.. Yea there are free drinks for the ladies before 12.  But they should clarify that it is only Skyy Vodka drinks.  Music- They claimed was top 40.....  They were playing music from the early 90's, so i dont know what top 40 they are referring to.  Staff-  Some of the rudest, arrogant people i've ever met.  There was one bouncer that was super cool.  Other than that f ---them!!I will NEVER EVER waste my time at this club, ever again.
2	I'm probably sippin' the haterade but I was just not feeling the club. Sure, my girlfriends got in for free, and my guy friend got in for a "reduced" price of $40- apparently regular admission for guys is $100? That's ridiculous. Music wasn't that great, and it was definitely not the most hip music out there. My friend and I also wondered where the advertisement of "3 rooms 3 sounds"...we only saw one smallish room? The other good part about the night was that ladies got tickets for free drinks..that being nasty Skyy Vodka. Gross.
1	The atmosphere was nice however after the $30 cover I was not pleased. and the bouncers show favoritism and the music is wack....
4	Best night club in Vegas, the music and drinks were on point !!! i went for my bday back in May and i got on the stripper poles the best time of my life. The clubs literally don't close til 3-4 a.m. but i had a blast !!!!! the crowd wasn't too bad very relaxed , but hey its vegas everyone was drunk trying to take something home lol
2	As a club, JET is nothing special. If it was in Los Angeles or NYC, no one would look at it twice. But it's in Vegas, in a hotel, so of course there is a huge line to get in and the cover is crazy. My wife and I got there around 1am on a Saturday night, and there was no way we were going to stand in the huge line. So I go up to the velvet rope, and wave to one of the suit wearing promoter guys. He comes over and I tell him I want to get in but dont want to stand in line. His response: "Well, I cant solicit ... ". I then slip him a 20 and he quickly ushers us in. Ok next, we have get past the cash registers. My wife of course gets in free, but I have to pay the $40 cover. Thats cool, after all it IS Vegas. So I pay, get my receipt, and my wife and I go in the direction that the large suit wearing bouncer guys point us to ... Right through the doors that lead OUT of the club!So now somehow we are out of the club again. In our defense, we were pretty gone by this point, and later on we saw lots of other people making this same mistake. Honestly, I think they are just taking advantage of super drunk people to take their money without actually letting them in. Super shady! But anyway, we went back to the rope, and flag down the same guy I bribed earlier, who is actually pretty surprised to see us again. To let us back in, he says my wife needs to go get another one of those stupid flyers that say "Girls get in free!" ... and these are just lying in huge stacks on a table like 50 ft away. So my wife goes, gets the stupid flyer, the guy lets us back in to the cash register line. Luckily, I have my trusty receipt from the first time I paid cover, and so finally, finally, my wife and I get to go into the club. Total cost: $60. Not too bad I guess. Makes me wonder what would have happened if I didn't ask them for a receipt. Again, super shady.Once inside, the club basically was meh. Not a very interesting crowd, small dance floor, so so music, not much for decorations. If this place was in LA or NYC, it would be half empty and cover would be $5-$10, if that. So the most interesting part of the whole experience was the actual process to get in, which was surprisingly amusing. And thats why this places gets two stars ... not just 1!
3	While staying at The Mirage during halloween weekend we received a recorded message on our room voicemail about hotel guests getting free admission into Jet on that Friday (and Saturday) so off to Jet we went. We called the concierge to which we were informed doors open at 10:30PM but to get there early because a line does form and to bring your hotel room key.We showed up around 10PM and saw there was two lines: General Admission and Invited Guests. Lines were just starting to form so we showed our hotel keys to a staff member of The Mirage and waited in the Invited Guests line. 10:30 came around and they started letting people in. My peeve though was that they were allowing General Admission in first for a good 10 minutes before they ever started letting "Invited Guests" in and when they did start letting us in they only did it in groups of two, wtf? We got in and showed our ids where I found out all ladies were able to get passes for Free Drinks (Sky Vodka and your mixer of choice) just as long as you put your name and email down on their list. You were able to go back and pick up more until midnight when the free drinks stopped. The club itself wasn't anything special. Music was your typical Top 100. My boyfriend unfortunately had to pay for his drinks, for a rum & coke it was around 7 and for a tiny bottle of Fiji water it was 6, a little pricey but that's everything in Vegas. The first bartender I tried using my free drink pass on was being majorly snobby so I ordered from her male co-worker and gave him the tip. There was also a waitress walking around with shots where you could tip whatever for the amount of shots you wanted. The Situation from Jersey Shore showed up and he was his typical tv personality, being drunk I lost interest in paying any attention to him other than the first glance real quick.Jet Nightclub was nice to check out but I would only see myself coming back as a last option.
2	Oh, I love  The Mirage! How was JET? -_-...JET is definitely not the best night club that I have been to. One of my best friends was able to get in contact with one of the club promoters here. We were placed on the guest list for the eve of Halloween and had to be there by 10:00pm. I'm so glad that we got in for FREE and with complimentary SKYY Vodka drinks. It would of definitely no been worth it if we did not and very glad we did not have to pay $100 :O!According to JET's website, it is described as  having "15,000 square feet of space with a modern multilevel environment" and having the "best" sound design technology available. Well, it seems that they do have 3 rooms with different styles of music. The main floor was playing the usual pop/hip hop/dance. The other room is said to have p80's/rock music and the last room is where guest and international DJs come and spin their creativity. The vibe was not very happening. I was a bit confused of what the DJ was trying to do with the music. The club had a  very small dance floor and I was wondering where the other two rooms were. If you have to pay big bucks to have "famous people" come and be at your club, then  the club is not very interesting. Snooki from Jersey Shore was there that night and "The Situation" was there the night before. The Tryst was way better! :)
2	I walked in and i saw two stripper poles in the middle.That alone gave me an idea of what my night would be like at JET.Me and my 4 girls got walked into the club on halloween night- we got to avoid the ridiculous line- and the entrance fee. That was definitely nice.There was free sky vodka drinks for everyone (Not a big drinker, but my friends definitely appreciated it.)Everyone was in costume and enjoying themselves, but despite the spirit of halloween the club was just... whats the word I'm looking for... GHETTO.Stripper poles, enough said.Music wasn't flowing, a lot heavier on hip hop old and new (which isn't my thing to begin with.)Also the crowd wasn't the best- I'm not elitist or anything, but what's the motivation of breaking out your best moves if there aren't any good looking people around?Me and my BFF couldn't take the Ghettoness of the place, and split- apparently that one chick Snookie from that one show was gonna be there, but since idk whotf she was, we left happily. That explained a lot about the type of crowd in the club last night- bunch of Jersey Shore wannabes.No thanks Jet, not even for free.
1	I visited again the last time I was here. What the hell happened to the service? Is there a new ownership? my whole group got jipped about $500 on bottle service.(there was some kind of deal) We were told we had a table for the guys so that they could get it and the girls would not have to pay blah blah blah. We get to the promoter EDIT: I cannot remember his name. But this happened July 2010, so hopefully he does not work there anymore. (worst promoter in the world. We set up bottle service with this dude) He takes the guys into the club. he makes them wait and takes their money. Than leaves them. But they are not quite in yet, they're in that weird not in line but not in the club part. Us girls are outside so we think they are in the club and getting there bottle service so our hour wait is not that bad to us even though we are in the promoter line that is supposed to be short. Finally we get a text saying that we have no bottle service and the guy still took the money and is not coming back. Hold the phone.. what? Are you serious? Us girls see our promoter and call him over to us.. my girl Melanie gets in face and asks for the money back. He says no and starts getting pissy. He than tells us that without him the guys would have had to wait in the other line for 3 hours and that he got them in there in 30 minutes. Is this guy delusional we just paid him $500. We get pissed and demand to talk to his manager or someone that works in the club, our response was "You guys want to leave go ahead. We can escort you." That instantly shut me up because the guys are already in there waiting with no chance of a refund. The promoter and the guy in charge of the promoter line knew they had gotten us. SO we were led in with bad attitudes and our buzzes gone. SO because of this tragedy I will never go there again and warn my friends from going there.  Yes the inside is cool, but that does not excuse their behavior.
5	During the day, my friend and I went looking for promoters on the street who would offer free admission passes for two hot ladies ;P We found some guy giving away tickets (for tip) and so my friend and I decided to go to Jet  since we never been there before. We went there early after a light dinner at Grand Luxe Cafe which was across the street. We were walking over to the club just to see what it looked like on the outside when one of their promoters came to scout us in. So we gave him our name (his name is Dan and REALLY sweet and took good care of us) and he put our name in and got in for free plus 2 drinks :) It was supposed to be 3 floors, but only one was open to the general public (of course).It was great, in the beginning there were people on the floor but not enough so that we weren't crowded and bumping into people. Random girls decided to go on the poles and show off their pole-dancing skills they probably learned from a pole dance class or something (NOT dissing! They were great, better than what I can do, so props to them). The songs were great, everyone was respectful (at least our neighbor dancers were) and there were a lot of people working there to clean up any spilled drinks and stuff. It is however a small venue and so it is squishy, I will tell you. But the DJ that night was great, no bad transitions, no random weird some (like Justine Bieber or Miley Cyrus, eeek) and a good mix between oldies and new songs. We had a great time and will definitely hit it again.FYI, it is VERY mixed inside: Blacks, Whites, Mexicans, and some Asians. Not like Tao where its all azns... (again, not dissing, I'm Asian, but I would like a change of scenes once in a while).
4	Jet is definitely not the newest or best place to go in Vegas, but you can definitely have a good time there if you are a fan of hip-hop (hello! that's me!).  Went back in August, got sent to a table with bottle service, so NO COMPLAINTS.  Just went back for Halloween, while FABOLOUS was performing in the main room...OMG....uhhhh, HELLLLLLLYEAH!  Awesome....of course it was overly crowded, but we were too drunk to care.  All I know is, I'll never get to see Fabo that close in Texas, so this was perfect.  He did his set, and then we decided to leave the main room and go off to that back room b/c it looked less crowded at the bar....what a music paradise we discovered back there.  Don't know who the DJ was in the back room....but by far the BEST hip-hop dj i've ever heard in Vegas...he was even breaking out the Dirty South bangers, which is a no-no in Sin City...but EVERYONE in the room was LOVING it!  My only complaint is that the main floor gets entirely too crowded...like not-safe-please-don't-leave-me-down-here-alone-cuz-I-might-get-raped crowded.  So...word to you ppl that don't like a big crowd...stay the F off the main room center dancefloor.  Actually, now that I think about it, everywhere in the main room is like a pick-pocket's dream...pushing, shoving, nowhere to stand.  Get thee to a table!!!  (Lucky we are girls and getting to a table is fairly easy).  I do remember while I was watching the concert that I was constantly checking to make sure my purse was zipped.  Drink prices are insane compared to TX ($11) but NOT unreasonable for LV standards and that's how they're priced in Miami & NYC so I wasn't blown away.  Plus they pour a heavy drink...again, single ladies, buy your first drink and maneuver your way to a table of guys...they're usually happy to see chicks.  :)
4	I went to jet in Sept. 4th and by far was the best club I went to... I felt so comfortable and the music was great. The lines are long on weekend nights, but well worth the wait (about 1 hour). Club closes at 4am. I loved the fact that there were multiple rooms to go to. I wouldn't really know about the price to get in because I got on VIP list (you can find people selling passes to get in for free on the strip, don't buy it, its fake) drinks were expensive but its Vegas, my advise is to get there early like 10pm, before the waiting line get big.
4	i always have a good time when I come to JET. theres always good music. drinks are expensive but strong. i dunno why they advertize that there are 3 rooms in this place...to me it just looks like one big room. the platforms with the stripper poles in the middle of the dancefloor are always fun to dance on...but don't sit on the platforms because the security guards will come and shine their flashlights in your face. it really seems to get their panties in a twist. is it really that big of a deal? anyways, i love this place. i'll be back...a lot. =)
2	Here's the deal, Jet....Don't kick someone out of VIP who has already spent money on bottle service without giving them the option of buying more bottles. This isn't a f*cking Denny's, tables do not need to be turned every hour. If we had known that, we would have taken our money elsewhere. The only reason there's two stars instead of one is that the short time we at our table, we had a great time. So, technically, it's really two stars for my girls and no stars for Jet. Kthnxbye.
2	We tried this twice since it was in our hotel... it was kind of ghetto and trashy and the people weren't very friendly (we were basically told we couldn't stand anywhere except the dancefloor). Nice music and free drinks some nights but otherwise not worth it, there are so many better clubs closeby!
4	Went here for my 21st this past weekend and had a GREAT time! Nice a crowded (like a club should be), mostly hip hop and top 40. Be warned there is no where to sit if you don't have table service. I don't know how much cover is but the Aria hotel has a deal with Jet so the concierge provided us with free cover and no waiting in line. If your a girl in vegas there's a way to get around cover for EVERY CLUB!
4	1 star for how easy it was for a group of ladies to get in. We were put on the guestlist by a promoter who literally walked us past the line and into the club--- FOR FREE! so ladies, look for people around the club... they can do wonders!2 stars for the music! I don't know who the DJ was (one of the house DJ's) on Friday 11/26 but he really played music we all loved. I am a huge house music fan and some of the ladies hate house and enjoy hip-hop. the DJ somehow found a way to please us all!2 stars for the crowd and the overall experience! we were able to mingle with some guys who had a table and found ourselves seating when tired. The crowd was loud, energetic, and friendly.I subtracted 1 star for the ridiculous prices of the drinks!!!! But I guess its like that at all clubs in Vegas. This may be more of an issue for the gentlemen since ladies usually have others pay for their drinks. Overall we all had a good time and I will return to JET once I am done visiting all the other clubs on the strip! :)
3	We got there around 2245. We had purchased the triple d package from vegas.com to include VIP passes to JET. After about 15 minutes of waiting in three separate lines, we were let in. Drinks were quick if you got into an empty section of the bar, bartenders were attentive. Drinks were mediocre, highly priced. Crowd was increasing and the floor was dwindling in size. The Far East Movement was going to show but we didn't know where, even though they kept trying to build anticipation for the show. Overall, a good club experience, for my first time in a vegas club.
4	Dan Van is the MAN. We met this promoter in one of the malls during the day. He was very nice and told us there would be some celebs at JET and asked if we wanted free admission. When we arrived there was a huge line and we walked right in - nice Dan! No table service for us on this night but we had a great spot near the bar. The bartender was SO friendly and accommodating. The music was on point.This club is a bit small and is good for a casual night - lots of fun!
2	Typical Vegas nightclub.If you like spending hella money on drinks and getting pushed and shoved on the dancefloor and even in your vip area... go here.  Music is also typical mainstream, mash-up, dougie, booty poppin stuff.  Not really my steez.
4	First, I would like to say that the staff here are all absolutely amazing.  The bouncers are surprisingly nice, and the cocktail servers at the bottle service tables are funny and actually interesting people.  I'd like to especially give a shout out to Jay, who totally hooked us up.  George, Chris, Brian, and Cory were all really helpful too.  Thanks for your cards boys!Anyway, I will admit that the dance floor here sucked.  If you stood completely still, you were probably still touching 4 other people.  It was impossible to actually move and have fun.  However, if you bought a table, it was SO much better.  We ended up in a special little section where we were able to dance and have a great time.  The patrons were all pretty normal, decent people.  Not creepy like at some Vegas nightclubs.  Overall, I didn't expect to have so much fun on a Monday night, but it was probably the best night I've ever had in Vegas!  And that's saying something...
2	Not a memorable club, I can barely remember anything that stood out other than ugly ass girls getting up on the stripper poles!!Luckily my gorgeous friend got the balls to go up there and give Jet a little bit of eye candy.We barely stayed here for an hour. WAY too much fog and strobe light action... just wasn't digging it.
1	This place is notorious for ripping off tourist! As I local I would never bring my friends to JET at least do your friends the courtesy of walking to another club at one of the many other casinos. Mirage has the strictest liquor policies on the strip and serves very conservative drinks at all their bars, JET is even worse then the casino bars, you will get a 3 second pour of off brand booze for about 9 bucks a drink. The music is not terrible but its not loud enough either and its very censored, remember mirage is a family oriented resort and caters to older couples with way more money then your stupid 20+ year old friends, older people sometimes walk unknowing into this club more often then you would think. And just a heads up that huge ass line on a Friday or Saturday night is just the first line to get to the podium and cashier you still have one more line to go once your inside.
2	Too crowded and music was questionable...
3	If you're looking for a breath-taking club or if this is your first time clubbing in Las Vegas, look elsewhere. Now, if you've been everywhere else, staying at the Mirage, or just need to fill Sunday night with an extra day of clubbing, Jet's a good candidate.Yes, drinks expensive as sh.t, so stop asking. Drinks at all clubs are, especially in Vegas so suck it up. Or super pre-game.Personally, i thought the music was very weird... but it's up to you to judge. They definitely played many songs that were difficult to dance to... Basically, the room is a rectangle. The booths for table service make a small rectangle in room with the bars lining the outside. The very center is a stage for stripper poles and every dances around the stage. There were no official dancers; I had to fear for my life as a woman twice my size "danced" above me. But later that night, there were some lovelies.. so it could be a hit or miss. If you stay at the hotel, give Jet a shot. You get in for free and get into an express line. It doesn't hurt to hop in and check it out.I'm a firm believer that how much fun you have is heavily dependent on your company. So, if you're with a good bunch, you're bound to have fun so no worries!
3	Pretty big club, they were playing mostly house music.  Hmm... the lines at the bar were crazy!  The line to get into the club is not organized at all.  Bouncers were okay... they showed us some love.... Overall it was cool
1	Promoter put me and my girlfriend on guestlist and we receive free admission. Ladies received free drink passes(vodka only) until midnight. Me and my girlfriend had 6 drinks between the two of us and did not taste a drop of alcohol. I bought 4 shots for us and did not feel a thing. Despite the bad drinks and overcrowded venue, the promoter Robert Bercaw was very professional and got us into the club very quickly. I recommend ppl to drink before attending club.
2	Yelp's rating system couldn't put it any better.2 stars for "Meh. I've experienced better."When I go to Vegas, I expect crazy, wild, extraordinary, and amazing. I expect something beautiful, exotic, and luxurious, especially due to the amount of money that these places are making on a daily basis. If you're looking for something that's kind of ... homey, this is the place to go. Other than the two stripper poles in the center of the dance floor, I really don't see anything spectacular about this place. It's basically a large smoke-filled box. And no, not just fog machine smoke, we're talking cigarette smoke so thick that you're in a cloud of it.On my first trip to Jet, there was some celebrity whose name I forget, but come on, it's Jet, and you can't really see anybody in the darkness. There's flashing lights up front, but you'll be blinded if you try looking at them. I didn't think I'd ever go back, but on my most recent trip, I stayed at Mirage and with our hotel key we got in for free before midnight. Considering we had about a billion guys and depending on the night, 1-2 girls, free club entry sounded REALLY GOOD. It's just disappointing that it was at Jet.Plus two stars for nice security, even though the lines move super slow. Also plus for the "open bar" which consists of SKYY/juice cocktail until midnight for girls. Coat check is $5 and the lady working it was super kind, as was the security guard working the exit during the three nights in a row that I went. (yeah, THREE NIGHTS. I didn't stay that long on any particular night, somehow we always ended up back here though)Oh and before I forget, super negative stars for big girls that get up on the stripper poles and shove their junk in everyone's faces when they swing around the pole. I almost got hit multiple times, and got a drink spilled on me from above. So if you get up there, or your drunk friend does, please PLEASE be considerate of others. & please pull your friend down if you think she's going to fall off the stage, it'll save her the embarrassment later, and it'll save some pain for the innnocent bystanders that she lands on.
2	JET was really  whatevers.  They seem to let anyone in.  The music was alright.  The only reason we went was to get free drinks during open bar.  The club is really crowded because it is small.Most of the people there did not seem classy.  Two girls were wearing Nike slip ons while clubbing. WHO DOES THAT???There was also an old couple at the club. I say they were maybe around 50 years in age...scary! They should be at a lounge or a restaurant, not at a club! I would not go back to this club, unless there is a special event.
2	Venue is alright, nothing special compared to the other venues around. The only decent aspect about it is the open bar policy for girls.
1	Went on super bowl sunday night since i heard wiz kalifa was performing.. Once We walked into the hotel, a promoter gives us passes to get in free and and a drink ticket.. unexpectedly came up we thought.  Once we got there the cashier was a bitch and basically denied us the paases and free drink ticket..bull shit promoter.Went in.. poppin for a sunday but a very cheap looking crowd.. We walked around and there was no space.  Went to the bar for my third drink, the bartender straight up said hun, i wont be getting to you. At that point I was way over it.  Wiz wasnt worth a waste of my time. So we bounced at 1am and went to xs at the encore.  Great change up and people were actually respectable and a more attractive crowd.
1	They don't even deserve my one star...went in for my bday sat feb 5 2011 and just wanted to have fun! Well, first of all I paid $1300.00 for my table which im not even supposed to pay that much but since it was my day I just suck it up and decided to pay that amount. I was told that I am only allowed to pay cash which I don't really mind coz I have the money but I really wanted to put it on my card..but whatever! Im a local and I work in the same industry.  In other words, I know what was going on with this whole thing! After paying them cash, I told them that I have friends coming in later and when they got to the door, the bouncer told me that they have to pay 30 bucks each after I just paid 1300... I was so mad and when I was trying to explain myself they told me i was rude and intoxicated after being there for 45 mins... wow!!!! What a shittt service and the General Manager wasn't even professional at all on handling the situation. They will do anything and everything to make money out of us...so you guys better be careful! I don't recommend this gay ass night club at all! Money hungry people and bunch of losers! They think they are the coolest wearing suits and all but seriously??? If you don't know how to handle the job, get a real job where you don't have to deal with customer service!!Never again!!!! If you encounter this kind of problem go straight to light group and complain! Because the GM wont even help you with anything! Poor service!!!!!And plus, if ever there's anyone who works at alcohol control, just so you know, they let us take the 2 bottles out of the casino....opened!!!
1	Dont Waste Your Time!!!!!!!!!!! the bouncers are rude and dont know what they're doing, the VIP section is really small, and the music is nothing special. The place has potential, but there are so many other clubs in vegas worth going to before this one!
5	I had the best time here and I will remember it for the rest of my life. There is a big round circular bar and a huge dance floor, with a stage in the middle and accompanying stripper poles. If you like to dance, mingle and drink, this is the spot.Prices are average for Vegas, however there is more room than other clubs in the area, There are a few different rooms. If you like hip hop go in the main room, there's a pop/punk room, and a techno room from what I remember. We came here early, the beginning of the night was low key at the club and it began to get crowded later on as most places do. Expect your usual "Todd from the gym" there as well as "Britney the whore from high school,"It was easy to get drinks and find space on the dance floor. Bartenders were friendly, doormen were accomodating and the crowd was excellent. I can not wait to come here again.
4	Let's set expectations, it's JET people it's not one of the newer hot spots, it's not marquee, surrender, etc.  It's Jet, not the biggest nightclub on  the strip and not the flashiest but it's a decent club with good music and a great staff.To the reviewers who HAD TO PAY CASH, well I call bs, I had a table for my bday and paid with a card.  It's Vegas people, it's not gonna be cheap.  But I was very impressed with the staff, although I found out later that some of my guests were not being let in because they got there at 2 am and got an apology from my hosts when I called them to next day to complain.The table was right on the dance floor, I had a great time and so did my entire party.  The only reason this place got a 4 star is because of the number of calls, texts, and emails I've gotten from them since my birthday.  Although somethings were missing from this club, customer service wasn't one of them.
3	Went to Jet on a Monday and was surprised there was a very short line for a change. I don't know what the drinks cost b/c someone else was buying for me but as overall Jet seemed okay, pretty easy to get free admission passes too before midnight for non industry guests.
3	Hey Las Vegas Yelpers!So... I've been living in Vegas for 2 months now. Been here twice on a Monday, both visits were decent. First visit I rolled in with my friends who are promoters (for another venue), they had a table by the main stage and my second visit was this past Monday for yelp night and we had 2 tables in the back room. Both times I didn't have to wait in a line or pay to get in (and if I did, then I wouldn't waste my time trying to get into Jet or any other venue).Decent size nightclub. Nothing is really wrong with this venue... but compared to other glamorous nightclubs on the strip... Jet is just "another nightclub". When I visited Vegas over the past years... I never came to Jet. But now as a local and people I know come here... I don't mind coming to Jet....  Would I recommend anyone coming to Jet? Only if you're staying at the Mirage and don't want to travel, sure. Otherwise... I rather dance the night away somewhere else (don't want to drop other venue names in this review).Jet in my books is just A-Ok. Jet doesn't make my hit list of must go toos. But if you're just looking for a nightclub to party at and not picky about the ambiance or DJ... hit up JET :)) you can't go wrong.Self parking is never a problem!Enjoy!
3	We got placed on a list for free entry here through a connection. It was an industry night as well as a long weekend. Our bouncer first delivered us to the wrong table... and since our connection was an acquaintance, we weren't sure if these were the right people or not LOL.With lots of quizzical looks, and finally I think the person who paid for the table said we weren't friends of his, our Bouncer guide realized we needed to be somewhere else.So he took us to a second room! With it's own bar and DJ. There were tables for service, and an open dance floor. We bumped into our acquaintance, hugs all around, and got at the bar for drinks. They were good drinks, and my Husband paid so I don't know how much they cost. Either way, they were good :) We were a little sad that we didn't have Table Service as our acquaintance thought they would get.We started dancing a little in our small group, and a strange guy joins our group and starts mackin' on our friend... she has no idea what to do and so my other friend yanks her over away from the guy and cock blocks him with her 6ft+ tall husband. Guy gets the picture and moves on. We finish our drinks, and the music the DJ is rolling through are things we've heard all weekend- top 40 current club hits. Ke$ha, LMFAO (shots!shots!shots!...)We found our way to the main dance floor to see if they were playing anything else, only to walk in as they switched to playing the song we just left. My friend is more of a euro/trance dancer, so she was getting really fed up with the hip hop fav lists. It was a little crowded on the main dance floor overall so we just decided we just wanted a lounge. So we peaced out, not before some guy decided it would be cool to tickle me. A complete stranger, from behind just, touching me at my waist! F'er! I lashed around and knocked his hands away from me and told him not to touch me. He had a really stunned look on his face and disappeared into the crowd.For sure I'll party in the smaller room, with table service. The amount of cigarette smoke was easier to work with. We'll be back and try again. Otherwise that night we hopped out to the Cosmopolitan for the Chandelier.
4	Ah... JET. I like to chant this nightclub as J-E-T. JET! JET! JET! (reference to NY Jets fans' team chant) This was the very first night club I have been to when I went to Vegas (just turned 21 so a few years back). There was a huge line on a Friday night. Like ridiculously long, as if they thought this place was XS on Saturday night. Anyways at this time of my life, I was a virgin to the Vegas nightlife... but luckily I came here with a buddy who works in Vegas and knows his people.  Belligerent ME: Hey Mike, this line is super long, and our group is 10 people+! We will never get in! :(Mike: Oh don't you worry, fuck this line, I got the situation under control. ;)Next thing I know, we passed everyone and we got a complimentary 3 bottle table in one of the 3 rooms. Ended up having a very WILD night, and what an awesome way to be introduced to the Vegas nightlife.So my memory with JET will always be a positive one, but sadly I don't see myself coming here anytime soon because of other great clubs in Vegas. But I still love you JET! You will always be my first love!
3	Jet is the first official nightclub I ever been to in Vegas. Everytime I been to Jet, I got in free which is always a plus. On certain nights, Jet plays good music, for those who like Hip Hop and R&B like myself...Jet is always soooo crowded, with no place to sit or dance. Everytime I go to jet I have to go somewhere and revive because I am so tired from dancing or walking in my heels..It's always so dark in Jet I can hardly see. Jet is cool on certain nights, but not one of my favorite spots.
4	I love Jet!!! Music and crowd are always amazing on any given night. So far, this is my most consistent club in Vegas as I have never had a bad time here.
2	This place isn't bad, but it's no xs. I've only been here once and it wasn't anything to brag about. Upon walking into the mirage hotel. A promoter offered me and a friend comp admission tickets. If we were there before 12. Fair enough. So we arrive in line before 10 pm. And the line is pretty long. No worries we have two hours to get in, no biggie. Boy was I wrong. The line was at a complete halt the entire time. All the while the groupies/sluts/hookers or what not bypassed the line. Pretty much wear nothing get in right away. I really didn't mind. It's comes with the territory in Vegas. So 15 mins or so till 12 and magically the line moves. But of course we get to the front by 12:05. That will be a cover of 30$ for me. 20$ for my friend. Whatever. So I'm out 50$. Walk in, the place is jam packed. Strolled over to the bar for a few drinks. Moderate vegas prices. We walk over to the second room. It was a little slow paced in there. Tried looking for the third room. But never found it. Guess it wasn't open that night. This place is a little ghetto to say the least. I just wasn't feeling the crowd. Although its nice inside. It's just very mediocre. The music was pretty good overall. Hip hop, electro, top 40. I can't really say I was blown away by this place. I think if they remodeled, and added some more features it would be a great place. I don't even remember seeing a patio for fresh air. Anyway I doubt I'll come back here. Too many other vegas venues to visit.
3	Supposedly there are three rooms, but we only found one.  Very crowded and full of sketchy guys.  Can't say much for the drink prices as we went to an open bar earlier.  Don't bother waiting in line - find a club promoter & they'll get you in for free with no wait.
4	Went to JET on a thursday night because Tao had a terrible line. Jet had no line but had plenty of people inside. The music was good, mostly hip hop that is upbeat and easy to dance to, but also a little bit of pop and techno stuff. The drinks were not too bad. There was a good ratio and everyone I saw was having a good time. It was the second time I had been. the first time I went, I also had a great time.
4	Bad ass dance floor. Awesome platforms to get up on and dance your butt off. Music is loud and you definitely can feel the beats. Bars are on the outside and the dance floor is on the inside. Drinks are reasonable. Guys can be sleezy but some can be classy. It's hard to get in so make sure you come early! And music is always better when the dance floor is packed. ;)
1	This was my second time going to JET. The first time was fun. Maybe because it was a GQ private party before they opened it to the public. It was open bar and they had a band before the DJ came. This time . . . was AWFUL!!! Those things behind the bars are the rudest people I've met. The night that we went, they were doing a promotion for Skyy vodka, so ladies drank free (with coupons) skyy drinks until midnight. I asked the first bartender what type of drinks I could get. She said "any" Skyy vodka drink. I then asked for a cosmo. She took my drink coupon and then rudely said, "You can't have that." I told her that you just told me that I could have "any" Skyy vodka drink.She said, "Not that". I ended up getting a vodka & cranberry because she was sooooo rude, I wanted to yell at her. Then my date ordered his drink. He asked her something about brown liquors. She yelled at him, "This is a full bar! We have everything here! What do you want?! We ended up walking away because we both wanted to curse her little scrawny butt out at that point. The next bar wasn't any better. It seemed that the drink coupons were like the "kiss of death". Once the girls saw them, the attitudes came. It was like since you are not paying for the drink, you don't deserve good service. Plus they were NOT even serving us Skyy vodka! They were using the house brand. They poured it from the spout and I know that Skyy was NOT the house brand. After 4 watered down drinks and no buzz, I BOUGHT a martini with Skyy vodka. BIG DIFFERENCE! I actually saw her pick up a skyy bottle to make the drink. I know that the free drinks weren't going to be the best, but I didn't expect the rudeness. I am never going back to JET. The service was extremely poor. Those bartenders were the worst! They should all be fired.
5	I had the time of my life in this place!  When I'm in the club I want to hear hip-hop!  So this club was right up my alley!  Yes it was packed but what club in Vegas isn't?  Yeah the lines were long but I had bottles!  I will most definitely be hitting JET when I touchdown for Memorial weekend.  If you are a hip hop head I highly suggest going to jet!
1	Shady bouncers and gross ghetto crowd. Should rename the place chewbacca water hole.  I would never come here again.
4	I love NO waiting and free drinks all night. What about you? I love  the hip hop pop music scene at Jet. It's always a fun time. If I had to stand in line and put up with all that BS here, I wouldn't come. I just wouldn't. The fact that we were walked right in, I loved my time here. I also loved my free drinks all night. No, the free drinks weren't just for the ladies. They were for our entire group and then some. Literally, FREE! Of course, we tipped our waitress but what's $40 for over 80 drinks?!?! HAHA!! Yes, I'm a fish and I need fluids to swim. So there! I know that there were some free drink tickets being given out too but no need. More for everyone else. Right?!? Everything was a good time and there weren't any dumb people trying to start shit or anything like that. We were all there havin' a good time.
4	I partied at JET on a pretty slow night, so part of the club was closed off. The club was still roomy, but like any other club, it can get pretty crowded on busy nights. The bartenders were awesome and friendly. Drinks were complimentary for ladies too. I think complimentary drinks were up until a certain time though, I can't really remember. I do remember them playing a lot of mainstream hip hop and 90s hip hop. So if you're into Tupac and rap, this is the club for you. This wouldn't be my first pick of clubs to go to and it wouldn't be my last.
4	The JET isn't the newest club in Vegas.  It doesn't have the flashiest concept or decor here either, but I had a great time.  We came on Sunday night since we were told it was a good place to be on Sundays.  The music was good and there are three rooms.  Theres a stage with poles if thats your kind of thing (def. not mine).The minus was that the bartender didn't know how to make birthday cake shots! Really?! haha.I would come back.
2	They will do anything and everything to make money out of us...so you guys better be careful! I don't recommend this night club. You pay for what you get, no cover we had passes. Walk in and the place and it was jam packed. This place is a little ghetto to say the least. I just wasn't feeling the crowd. And on top of that, the music wasn't even that good, the DJ played mostly Rap, some hip hop, almost no dance music, all most people did was wave there arms and bob there heads. Supposedly there are three rooms, but we only found one, guess they wasn't open that night. I can't really say I was blown away by this place. The staff were very rude, the door staff, bartenders and bouncers were all rude except one bouncer. If you don't know how to handle the job, look somewhere else for work, where you don't have to deal with customer service, being rude is not necessary!I think if they remodeled, found better DJ's, and added some more features it would be a great place. Anyway I doubt I'll come back here, Jet in my books is just Ok. Jet doesn't make my hit list, I rather dance the night away somewhere else, and it is no XS.
5	JET is one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. Yes, you can go to XS and be "aw'ed" with the beauty, but you also have to deal with an overly crowded spot, long lines, and not a mixed crowd! I enjoyed JET because I didnt have to wait in line, i got free drinks, their promoters are AWESOME, and the DJ was BEYOND amazing. He was playing the top hits and some older stuff. He even threw in some E-40 "tell me when to go", and being a Bay Area girl.....i was sold.I definitely plan in returning. Love, love, love!
2	My friends and I got bottle service here, which is the only reason we decided to hit up JET.  The waitress was friendly and sexy, but that's a given.  Anyways,... the club was already packed when we got in.  They played a lot of the high energy type of music you expect to hear at a Vegas club.  The only time I would recommend coming here is if you do bottle service.I was dancing with a girl in the VIP area and this short bald emotionally disturbed bouncer came up to me and told me to "keep it PG rated" I patted him on the shoulder and told him my bad.  He then told me "I don't appreciate you hitting me, don't do that"  I was like WTF!?  I laughed it off and continued to get my freak on.
2	I went to Jet a couple of years ago and was not impressed.  Usually, when I am drunk, and in Vegas, it takes a lot to not make things fun.  What can usually ruin that is a clusterf@ck traffic jam at the entrance.  I hope things have changed but there is not semblance of a line, just a mass of people surrounding a semi-circle entrance.  After waiting for about 2 hours to get in, I just made it my mission to drink and try and have fun, but the damage was done.  The one thing everyone talked about was the TV's on the ceiling, and honestly, it was not worth the wait.  Jet was one of the few bad club experiences I have had in Vegas.
1	This place sucked! terrible VIP service. Body gaurd, Mike was a good guy but was missing for a lot of the evening from our area. VIP next to us were a bunch of 40yr old married men who got wasted and tried stealing our table's drinks. Complaints were made to crew but the crew did nothing. Girls working there were hottish but the one ...helping us "Sophie" was in training so not much expected there :(. Music was hip hop and was alright. Don't even make eye contact w/ ppl offering to get you in for free.Girls that went to this club were not much to look at :(. Everyone around us looked bored till late after midnight when ppl said: "fuck it we're here, so lets make the best of it". Fortunately my ladies who went compinsated for the lack of sexy in the club.I do not recommend this place. sry. Will not be going back
4	My dad knows all the right people in Vegas. I said I wanted to go dancing, he made one phone call and we were all set to go to JET. I went here a few years ago when Justin Timberlake had his party here and preformed after his concert. I had a blast then both dancing and running into Timberland! This time was just as fun. The VIP section is great. The music was good, but not out of this world. We only stayed in the room with our VIP section. I guess they have other rooms. I like this club alot - convenient and always a good time!
2	How do I put this kindly... JET sucks.  Bottle service was cheap but it sucked.  We were crammed in our area like sardines in a can.  The long line sucked for the people that had to wait.  The crowd wasn't diverse and not much better than being sucky.  The security guard for the area came over to me to introduce himself by asking, "Excuse me sir, do you speak English?"  What the heck seriously man?  I know I look fobby but just because we were the only Asians in there doesn't mean we don't speak English.  I said, "Yes sir I do speak English but only a little because I've only lived here my whole freakin life!"  He was a really nice guy and everything but he made me feel like busting out my Rosetta Stone for English Level 1 to practice.I was standing by the exit doors just in case a fight broke out so I can be the first one out of there.  Metal detectors would've made me feel safer.  JET feels like a Man Jose club but with more girls.  I was fluent in Spanish by the time I left this place.
3	JET, I really wanted to rate you higher, honestly. But sadly, I can't. Let me explain:Friday night was amazing, and we got in for super cheap with no wait, including my guy friend--and it was packed! The hip hop was a good mix of old school and newer stuff, and it was freaking awesome. I danced my booty off and had a blast. The drinks were decent. The crowd wasn't that attractive though :/ Yet all in all, Friday was great!But that changed when we came back on Sunday. It was so chaotic as far as the size of the crowd, and the people were even less attractive and not that diverse (I don't like all white or all black crowds).To top it all off, my girl and I looked inside the club--it looked kinda dead and like they were holding the line.I'll give JET another shot though, only because Friday was really good.
2	Rude waitresses!!!! They take forever to get to you and help other people before you when you have repeatedly made eye contact with them for the last 8 minutes.  Cool club.....used to play more hip hop but now its on the Rhianna/Lady Gaga vibe.  Aside from the waitress staff, nice club.  Stay away from the brunette in the cornerr closest to the entrance! She has an attitude problem.
3	Got in for free on a Saturday night because someone was giving out passes out on the strip earlier in the day. I was trying to find someone with XS passes because I kept hearing that it was the best place to go. But hey- no waiting in line and no entrance fee? Jet it is.Got there at midnight- There was a crowd waiting to get in and you could feel the vibe of the place right away. Walking in, already the decor was super fun- kind of like a cave lite with candles. Yes the dance floor is small- you're basically looking for a spot inbetween bottle service tables along the edges and the pole dancing high rise in the middle. I wouldn't call it a dance floor- I'd call it a dance border. Also the drinks are expensive, and they don't give you tap water- had to pay 6 bucks for a tiny bottle of fiji.That being said- we still had a great time! The music was great if you're into mainstream hip hop, they played some poppy stuff like beyonce and gaga too. The crowed was a mix of different types of people of all races, which I like. It was a constant party all night long. The guys don't leave you alone if you say go away like they do in LA, so we had to keep scurrying around the "dance border" to find a new spot, but majority of the time we were dancing the night away. Left at 3am, but coulda finished up to closing at 4 if we really wanted to. 3 stars for a mix of good and bad-if it's more than 10$ to get in probably go somewhere else, but ladies try getting in for free!-Danceable hip hop mainstream music-pricey drinks-small dance floor-good saturday crowdI'm happy we went here instead of XS or Tao. I didn't feel like waiting in a long line and paying 20$ for house music and too many people. Would definitely go back to Jet!
3	The last time I went to Jet was probably 5-6 years ago and it's still the same. The $30 fee back in the day was high, but compared to Marquee's $50-80 it was cheap. On a Saturday at 11 the line was maybe 15 minutes. Of the 3 available floors only 1 was open due to a private party. The crowd was diverse, but I found the bathroom to be nice, the drinks to be strong and come fast, but a few things irked me was not having all the floors available. The overflow of the booths and the music was a little weak. Nothing I hadn't heard before and nothing that wasn't already in heavy rotation/played out. I don't mean to be a snob, but musically I'm pretty in the know and the DJ is just a house/club DJ, he isn't mixing, isn't travelling, doesn't bring a deep enough book to impress me. I had some success with the ladies, and surprisingly no beef with any of the guys. I generally tend to get in some altercation, but you know I was just there to have a good time.
3	Pretty decent place,  I would go back if I had bottle service .... would probably not if I were just going to check it out for the night..staff is friendly and on top of their game but the club dance floor and bar are are too crowded and small.
3	I'm not a clubber but I wanted to go to a club while in Vegas. From what I could gather online I was to understand this place had 3 floors with different music going on, specifically electronica type on floor 2 (and I love trance). The night we went (Friday, June 10th) there was only one floor open and they packed us in like ... well sardines is a nice way of putting it. It was just the hip-hop crap you can get anywhere. They are smart with their bar service though. I was able to go and get drinks very quickly. 2 Newcastles, 1 sex on the beach and 1 pinapple-y drink was $40. Had the place not been so crowded I would have stayed longer and drank more but by like 1:30am we'd had enough. As this club has a 3star avg and I'm giving it 3stars, the next time I'm in Vegas I'll use yelp to help me choose another club.
1	We waited in line for 2 hours. We were holding a VIP ticket we got from a promoter at the Casino. The ticket was good for a reduced admition for gentlement until 1am. When we got to the line (way before that time) the promoter said it would be full price. We showed him the ticket and we told him we were hotel guests and he escorted us to the exit. They also charge a 10% entertainment fee! What is that anyways?  I don't think that's even legal.
4	I had a great time at JET, I went on Sunday and Monday for the July 4th weekend. I was looking for a nice club that played hip hop/rap music, not just house or techno like TS. I paid $30 on Sunday and got in free with a pass on Monday but did pay $20 to cut the line. It was also open bar until midnight so that was tight. I def dont think it was overpriced to be Vegas. I'm use to partying in D.C. and paying that amount or more, so i was pleased. I hate lines, so I'm glad I was able to cut for a fee.
1	Couldn't even dance because the place was packed and people kept bumping into us. The girls dancing on stage were shoving their crotches in some creeper's face and didn't appear to know what was going on or where they were. I honestly wouldn't come back to this place or recommend it to anyone if it were free (which it was for us, thank you). Pros: Free and good DJ.Cons: The people on the stage were awful.No room to dance or even move your limbs without getting bumped into by passerbys.
4	Music was so so so goooood stay in the hip-hop room cuz apparently there are other rooms...it gets packed but you stay fresh cuz the A/C is on blast. If you end up goin early like I did, don't be fooled by the early crowd (all old white men) cuz all the homies come later at night and they were all friendly too! The drinks were extra strong aka extra good time.
4	Let me start off by saying that I'm not club go what so ever and I go because my gf likes going. So club Jet, this club is very nice and the DJ was amazing and played all the best hits. Getting into the club was very easy considering I was the only guy with 4 girls. I had to pay $20 and all the lady's got in for free which is typical of any club. So once we got in we of course went straight to the bar and got drinks all the lady's had free drinks which was nice. Then we hit the dance floor and just had a good time and everything was going good till about 1am when it for some reason got super crowded (and FYI this club is not to big) but we managed to have our own area. So at about 2am we decided to end the clubbing for the night and hit the strip and continue the night else where. All in all my experience here was very good. For being someone that doesn't primarily like to club I had a very good time here. I definitely recommend this club to anyone looking to club I Vegas. Lots of fun and you won't regret it.
4	I was here with one of my girls and we got in free.  We had a decent time but didn't stay all night.  One room had a great DJ and the other had someone who was just testing their DJ skills.  I don't know what the table prices are like, but this is on out list for places to hit up again.  We left b/c we were meeting up with other friends at PURE.
3	This nightclub has won the award for my least favorite club in Vegas! I attended this club for the first time back in 07 for the NBA Allstar Weekend didn't like it then and really I do not like it now.I went to a party there during Memorial Weekend 2011. Me and my friends arrived at 10:00 probably the earliest time Ive made it to a club in my life! When I say the lobby was super hectic, and super crowded at 10 and they barely were letting people in. That wasn't the problem because you have to expect that its a holiday weekend in Vegas!But when I say they have some of the rudest employees, they have the rudest employees. Their attitudes alone is what put the icing on the cake for me. As you're trying to work with the bottle and table service people they're brushing you off. And please do not touch them to try and get their attention because they will let you know and I quote, " DONT TOUCH ME"I have never been treated so poorly and the killing part is we were trying to spend money......Crazy The club is cool overall they just need to learn how to talk and treat their customers.
5	Great decor and atmosphere. Stripper poles for some fun dirty dancing with friends. Awesome music played such as oldies brought back like 50 Cent's In Da Club lol I would definitely come again!
1	I felt like I was in an episode of "Jersey Shore" upon entering JET.  If you like douchebags who wear Affliction/Ed Hardy shirts complimented with "blowout" haircuts along with trashy women showing their thongs...this club is for you.  If you find this type of scene disgusting like myself (and you have some class), I advise spending your money elsewhere. On a positive note, beers were only 9 dollars and they were cold too!!!!  Ok, that was a little bit of sarcasm for you all.
5	Great ambiance!....loved the music, decor and bartenders sure hooked it up!!!... I would definitely make JET a must while in Vegas!.... it got pretty crowded as the night progressed... but hey! what good club doesn't?
2	Blehhh another disappointing Vegas club. We were staying at the Mirage and I originally did not plan on coming here. While we were checking into the hotel this promoter came up to us and told us that he'll get us free drinks and free cover yada yada yada. Well it was Thursday night and we were coming back from exploring the strip. It was still pretty early about 1 am...we decided to change to check out Jet. Well the promoter met us in front. Got right in without a problem. Of course like the rest of the Vegas clubs I went to they mostly played hip-hop. The free drinks that the promoter promised were non-existent. I had to buy drinks to atleast get some sort of buzz just to enjoy myself. I had no idea that there were 3 floors like the rest of the reviewers said.
4	Liquid cocaine and fast women made my JET experiience incredible! I went from rapping Beamer, Benz, Bentley to rapping  my version I call Nissan, Honda, Chevy my gas tank is never empty. Getting in was way easier here than Marquee eventhough we didn't get a table. The place was packed but not too packed lots of cute girls and liquid cocaine I want to shoot the person who gave me that drink! Anyway I like JET but I dislike liquid cocaine. I became a aggressive rapper off that one drink and I don't rap!
1	We were looking forward to finishing our night at Jet but were we disappointed. We had fun here a few years ago and after all, we could just walk upstairs to our room after a long night of dancing.First off, they did not open the other rooms so everyone was crammed into the central room. The initial spot we found on the dance floor kept getting smaller as we were pushed constantly by people on their way somewhere. I had to lead us to a few different spots before we settled on one just by the poles. One lady, rather large was taking a break from dancing with the pole (or on it?) and had just sat down on the "stage". She was totally out of breathe and was leaning forward slightly, offering a generous view of her generous goods. Meanwhile, there was short, tall and dark dancing behind us and their eyes were bulging out of their sockets but it wasn't for our benefit. As soon as I moved my friend and I out of their path, they descended upon the poor girl like a pack of wolves. When I looked back, they weren't just doing a sandwich but a hamburger. She was enjoying herself in the middle so we didn't feel bad leaving her there. Plus she had a wing girl.We moved to the other side of the dance floor and were enjoying ourselves until some guy passed a bit too closely behind me. I looked over and saw another guy had parked himself behind an unsuspecting girl. He was just standing there, looking down with this pelvic tilted forward, waiting for his victim to move back. It was ultra creepy to see someone so still on a dance floor. After 2 seconds, we left. Jet had changed for the worst. Or maybe, it changed for the better for some people. My friend found out that Jet will be closing down and here's an idea, change your name to Le Moleste or if you want to be blatant, Rape.Getting in:We were on the guestlist so no wait. However, we also got VIP ladies passes at the belldesk. Showing your mirage hotel key also gives you free access.
3	The DJ was awesome and bottle service was pretty good. However, there was absolutely no room to dance. It was PACKED, I think there was only one central room for dancing. Such a shame since the DJ was so good.
1	A group of us of about 15 got bottle service at Jet..when we got there, it was SO packed, we still had to wait in their "VIP" line. And if the whole group wasn't there, we couldn't go in. We finally got in about midnight and our booth area was so small, we all couldn't sit. They also put another group in the same booth, which was divided by a pillow divider. One of the bouncer/guard kept coming by to make sure the divider was still there even when both groups said its ok and all wanted to party together. He also kept coming over, counting to see how many people were in the booths. The club was so packed that we couldn't walk anywhere! Good luck going to the bar for a drink. I ended up leaving to King Ink across the way where they had better service, music and gave me free drinks all night!
3	Very crowded at points of the night.  The girls were great at pole dancing by the DJ.  Drinks were pricey. Wait to get in wasn't that long. Overall, o-k.
4	This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. It's not the newest nor the greatest in presentation, but the music is great and the drinks are good. If you ask a local about thrilling clubs on the strip, JET seems to come up quite often. You might not see a lot or people that look like models compared to XS, TAO, etc.., but they know how to dance and have a good time!The music is mostly hiphop with some oldschool. Like I said earlier, nothing special about the decor here. They have a stage with poles in the middle of the room where EVERY girl jocks to get on. I see most of the skinny girls gets shoved off by the bigger ones!*Tip - If you're an outsider, ask the cab drivers for tickets to the clubs. A lot of them have JET!
4	The music and lighting were great! There was a crazy amount of people jammed into 1 room. I was almost afraid to leave the bar since it took almost 40 mins to get my first drink.
2	not worth coming here. this place is advertised as 3 rooms 3 sounds, but when i went i just found 1 big nasty, hot, sweaty room full of people. i couldn't find the other 2 rooms no matter how hard i tried. the music was okay, a lot of hip hop which was nice because it's not played much at clubs like XS. the crowd is around their 30s and what annoyed me the most was that the tables for bottle service was a restricted area. how else am i gonna get free drinks AND sit down..annoying. but srsly, if it's your first time in vegas do not try going here. it would not be the vegas experience you expect. i only came here because i was staying at the mirage and thought it'd be convenient for us to go.
1	I've been to Jet once and thank goodness for that! My friends and I were staying at Mirage so we decided to try it out. The crowd was not your typical Vegas crowd, and I did not appreciate them bumpin' and grindin' against me! I can't even remember if there were tables and I didn't even know they offered 'different rooms' until I saw posters the next day...I wonder where they were hiding. Anyway, my girlie QuinnKim and I basically just downed free drinks to help make the night better. Us and our other friends finally decided enough was enough and bounced to XS...so desperate that we walked there at 1am! We got into XS without line or cover and had an amazing end to the night!!
4	I LOVED this place :) If you go to Vegas and don't want to hear a night full of songs played to the same beat..ie house music...then JET is an option!!! Hell..I got a headache at most of  the other clubs....except for Crown in Rio..which is also a break from the typical Vegas house music. The crowd when I went to JET was very mixed...and as a matter of fact a  a guy threw a drink on my friend and I...a girl tried to give me a kiss...another guy was working it on the floor doing the cat daddy with my boy...another guy gave us a serial killer stare that caused us to ultimately leave....I mean for real..he stood directly over one of my friends and I breathing super hard and followed our every move...chills...NONE of which were black...I find it unnecessary to include their races...just illustrating the club was mixed and certainly not 99% black (maybe 65%) ... you all are probably thinking..how in the hell does she rate this club great after getting a drink throw on her...I ACTUALLY had two...a female also threw her drink on me while trying to throw it at her friend....BUT it was basically house music free lol...mainly hip/hop and old school..however the thong song certainly didn't play....I can have fun in any crowd as I love all people..BUT music wise...house music is just simply not for me..at least not an ENTIRE night of it...I did the Tryst thing..and while a BEAUTIFUL club....it took 10 patron shots..a tokyo iced tea...cranberry and vodka..a few ciroc shots..patron and cranberry..ciroc and pineapple...and the list goes on to enjoy myself lol...It loses a star for the pure crowdedness, wanna be stripper girls from the crowd on the poles and the lack of seating if you don't buy a table...OH and Tyga's wack performance was unnecessary lol...BUT it is a winner in my book...I'm going back to Vegas next July....according to the report I saw they are hoping to renovate and reopen by New Years...maybe to get those three rooms they advertised...I ceratinly saw 1....FINGERS CROSSED!!!Otherwise...gotta get plastered again to tolerate the music at most other clubs
2	Um I hate JET. Big time.I went here on a Saturday night in March and had an extremely hard time getting in. I don't know why because my outfit was cute, I was cute. I know so because I had no problem getting a drink once I got in. LOL ! I was on the guest list and my friends had bottle service.  Earlier that day my iPhone just stopped working. At the time, I was a new user and had no idea that I just needed to do a hard reset to make it come on again! Anyway, I didn't know the name of the promoter whose list I was on and I didn't have my phone to check my texts. I also couldn't call my friend who had bottle service to tell him to come out and get me. I waited patiently in line for about 30mins before asking one of the promoters to help me out. He was SOOOOOOOOOO rude and spoke to me in a condescending manner. Suddenly I started second-guessing my outfit. I had no idea why he was being so mean to me. That single experience turned me off for the entire night. I go to Vegas often and I've never EVER had to pay to get into a club, but they made me pay $15 to get in this club. I was so disgusted. There are 2 or 3 different rooms with different music in each room. I only remember being in 2 but I think there were 3. In any case, I didn't have a good time. The crowd was weird and the dance floors were small. I felt cramped in every room. The vip tables were even set up weird to me. The crowd was mixed but there were more black people than anything.Funny thing is, I was in Vegas two months later and the promoter who was rude to me stopped me on the strip and tried to get me on his guest list. Of course he didn't remember me but I definitely remembered him..
5	If you want to have a good time in Vegas, you have to come check out JET atleast one time. Me and my boys go there all the time and everybody leaves happy. Its not as nice as the other clubs, but if you want to have fun and make memories for life with your boys to talk about, then JET is the spot for you! The women in this place are women that are looking to have fun! Pretty much JET =DTF WOMEN!
1	This review is long overdue. We got here around 1pm, and all I saw in line were:beautiful caramel,beautiful coffeepot,beautiful chocolate,beautiful toffee,beautiful pecan,beautiful licorice.Shades doesn't matter, heart makes the lover.  However, our group was looking for a mixed crowd and with a line of 50 people at 1pm, methinks not.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas. The Bartenders are generous with the drinks, everyone is friendly, lots of space. Lots of epic, memorable nights here. even the bathroom attendants are awesome.
3	This was a fun club over priced but not bad. Another late review just just so that i can add to the now closed list.
