4	I've had one thing on the menu, and while it was good that's not what makes me want to go back.  This place had some of the best, most helpful and friendly counter service I've seen in a long time.  She knew folks names.  She remembered things they'd eaten.  She offered recommendations for first time folks.  She had that way of making you feel like you were the smartest most special person she'd helped that day.  Miss your mom?  Come here for lunch.Now the food was good to.  She said I'd made a great decision in picking their BBQ beans as my side and not until I tasted them did I think she was being more than polite.  These were awesome.  The beans still retained their good firmness, not all mushy and falling apart as some can be, and the sauce was really amazing.  I got the pulled pork sandwich which had been my plan, and she encouraged it as well as it's their most popular option.  The funky thing here is that they put a thin layer of cole slaw on the bottom bun, then add non-sauced meat on top, then pour sauce over the top and add the top of the bun.  VERY interesting.  I think next time I might try it without that - but it was certainly interesting.  Though they have a great selection, so I may just have to try one of their Chicago Hot dogs or Rome Rib Tips or Chicken.  SO many awesome looking options!  But really - you should go just for the sweet lady at the counter.  And all the figurines of pigs on the counter.  And Chicago memorabilia all over the walls.  It's just a nice place with good food.  Gotta love that.
3	I've got this weird diet where I'm basically vegetarian for 1/2 the year and very carnivorous for the other 1/2.  No rules, or specific dates...that's just how it's worked out for the last few years.Anyway, when I'm eating meat, I like it to be of the best quality.  Tom's really didn't do it for me.We ordered a Pulled Pork Sandwich and a Rib Tips meal along with fries and mashed potatoes.  The potatoes were either shipped in frozen or were made from a dehydrated mix.  The Rib Tips were overcooked and dry (possibly old).  The fries and the pulled pork sandwich were the highlights -- and the only things I'd order off the menu, if I ever went back.I've had far better BBQ experiences at Honey Bear's and Famous Dave's.The service at Tom's was good enough for a fast food place.  It wasn't spectacularly good or bad.  I don't think I'll be going back any time soon, though -- not when there are other better BBQ places so nearby and Someburro's is in the same shopping center.
2	I was disappointed in the pulled pork sandwich.  There was very little flavor and not enough sauce on it.
2	Sides are weak. Very weak. Rib tips have no meat. Pulled pork can be good, but never great. Hot links, nasty. It seemed like they just do not even touch their links on the grill, it seemed just boiled. Nasty....
3	Mostly average bbq, but this place has the best chicago style dog since scouts closed.  Its noteworthy when I'll drive somewhere just for a hotdog, but tom's never lets me down.
3	Had a pulled pork sandwich, which I enjoyed, although I wouldnt say it was amazing enough to make me drive back from my Gilbert home for another visit. I didnt think they had put enough sauce on the sandwich, but that was an easy remedy because they have big bottles of their sauce on every table (right next to the rolls of paper towels). The service was great- the girl at the counter was very friendly and had a discussion with my boyfriend about half the menu which helped in his decision (dont worry, we went at a non-rush time, so we weren't holding up a line of customers).  :)
4	Generally when I'm craving BBQ I think of Toms right away- always been a fave of mine. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which comes topped with a bit of their house coleslaw; I'm not a fan of coleslaw whatsoever but makes a good touch to the sandwich. Like Amy said below they have big bottles of their sauce (mild and hot), at the table and tend to get a lil happy with the hot bbq sauce, I have problem lol. Also keep in mind the curly fries are meant to be shared they are a HUGE order but sooo good.
2	Pretty mediocre bbq, not bad, just not "great" the way barbecue should be! I would say it was on par with honey bears, but I really enjoy the bbq sauce they used on my pulled pork sandwich. It was pretty expensive, my friends fish and chips turned out to $8-9 with a drink, geez. I think there are plenty of better alternatives like AZ bbq co or joe's real bbq, or if you need something in the area you can't go wrong with somme burros right next door.
1	I asked the girl behind the register what there most popular BBQ is.  She told me that their Italian Beef was popular.  When I try a place for the first time I like to have their signature food, because if that is no good the rest will be even worse.There was only one other group of people there but it was midday so that isn't always a sign of anything.  I got my sandwich fairly quickly which is to be expected for food that is already made.  That is when the experience went down hill.  Apparently they marinate their bread in Au Jus because it was overwhelmingly soggy.I brought it back up and said it was very soggy, and she informed me they often put some juice on it.  That may be the case but a freshly made sandwich does not get soggy within a minute.  That leads me to believe it was already made before I got it.  I got a replacement one, hold the JUICE.  This time it was a normal sandwich and the new problem was that it had zero taste.  It was the driest most flavorless beef sandwich I've eaten before.  I think I also got some potato salad which was mediocre as well.Overall, the worst BBQ place I've been too.  I'm not surprised because Chicago people can't do anything right.  They screwed up pizza and the hot dog.  Which makes me wonder, why are Chicago people obsessed with reinventing the wheel?  Good BBQ already exists, no need to Chicago-style it and make it bad.  Good pizza is from NY, no need to add a few pounds of soggy deep-dish dough to screw it up.  If you're hot dogs were so good, why do you hide it under so many condiments?  Rant over.  Note to self, avoid anything that Chicago stole from another region and tries to claim it.
4	Very Fast and Friendly service! The food pretty much melt in my mouth and was surprised because of how fast it was brought to us being BBQ. I will definitely go back to this place and look forward to it to be honest.
3	I really wanted to like this place, but I have to join the growing chorus of "meh."  The rib tips were a bit on the tough side; the brisket had little going in the way of flavor; and most disappointingly, the hot bbq sauce was not particularly spicy.  It was not a bad place at all, just nothing special.  The service was very good, for what that's worth--very friendly and my food showed up in like fifteen seconds.
1	You have meat, and its drenched in sauce. How could you go wrong? Ask Tom's BBQ, they'll tell you!So I had the beef tips and chicken. Both heavily smoked and drowned in the same sauce. Beef and chicken...two completely different animals, but both tasted identical.The spicy sauce was bland and didn't have the slightest kick to it.The beef tips were overcooked, tough and chewy.The bone in the chicken was broken in two places and grossed me out. The fries were really good tho. Everything else ended up in the trash.
2	Being from Chicago and having grown up on good Italian Beef sandwiches, I'm always looking for a good beef place in Phoenix. A few people at work recommended Tom's.I ordered the beef, wet, sweet. Since it was lunch time, I got the combo. Price - for the total order, $10.16, I would expect more than a 16 oz, drink. Also, the beef sandwich was very small, not like a good Chicago beef sandwich which is overflowing with beef. The people making it made sure there was no beef overflowing the bun. Plus, there was only 2 small slices of sweet peppers.Quality - Maybe it was the lunchtime rush, but the beef seemed a bit undercooked. However, the juice was just right and the bread was good.Will I give this place another try: maybe for the dogs. They advertise a Maxwell St Polish, but if it's anything like the beef, I'm not sure if that would draw me back.
5	They have so many tasty bbq options as well as the famous hot dog...the sauces are amazing! The pulled pork, house sandwich, and ribs are so tasty!
2	I've been here a couple of times and the only thing that pops into my head is MEH. The BBQ Sauce is meh and leaves a nasty lingering after taste. The Rib Tip platter is ok, nothing to get too excited about this place. Meh, I've experienced better.
4	Tried it once.Food was great. Look foward to going back for more.
5	They have ribs & chicken for $9
3	I've been going here on and off for the past 14 years, more or less whenever I happen to be in this part of Tempe.  I suppose its a good thing that I always think of this place whenever I'm in the area, but that may be more of a case of "better the devil you know."From 96-2000, it was pretty much my reliable go-to place for BBQ.  Gotta love the diverse menu and creative combos, I believe that any BBQ fan can find their particular craving among the robust options.  Dollar-wise, I find Tom's to be quite kind.  Meats range from average to above-average to near-exceptional, with the brisket being the most reliably above-average meat for me.  The regular beef burger and rib tips might also warrant a consistent above average or even 4-star rating as well.  Ribs, chicken, dogs and fish - I've tried them all at one time or another - are all ok, albeit underwhelming.  Sides are ok, across the board.   Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place given how far you would have to drive to find something reliably better.  I suppose once you try a few different menu items, it is perfectly plausible to order a 4-star meal every time once you learn what to avoid.  The value is definitely there, so I figure its a venue worth a few of your trips.
4	Tender meat and great sauce!  Homemade sides and desserts!  I always order the same thing - pulled pork, cole slaw, corn on the cob.  Tasty tasty goodness.  Plus, if Billie is working, you are guaranteed to laugh the entire visit.
5	I LOVE this place!I don't consider myself a BBQ connoisseur, but I know what I like:1. Heat2. Little (not too much) sweet3. SmokeThis place has a fantastic sauce that I think I would eat on everything from waffles to eggs! Ok, maybe I am stretching a little there, but not by much.Now what to put under the sauce?  They have all the classics; pulled pork, brisket, chicken, chicken wings, etc. etc.  For me, it has been, since my first visit, all about the hot links.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them!Great flavor, and that sauce doesn't cover it up, but really shows it off.  I am so blown away by these links that I will have to eat them a few more times before I can given anything resembling a useful review.All of the sides are scratch-made, and the flavors show that off.  My favorites are the red beans and rice, and the potato salad.Good prices, great portions, and wonderfully entertaining staff!
5	We eat at Toms pretty often.  The bbq is awesome, but so is everything else!  Don't sell yourself short just getting bbq.  Get the fish, get the Italian beef, try their burgers and don't miss Toms pride and joy!  Fair prices, excellent food and friendly service!
2	I have been eating at Tom's for as long as I have lived in the Valley.  Over 15 years.  I am sad to report I am not going back there to eat.  They just do not seem to care about the customer anymore.  I had three horrible meals there, for Toms BBQ.  I emailed them about the problems and never heard back from them.They have been a long time favorite of mine, but now, I have to find a new BBQ place to go to.
2	I decided to give the place a second try after my last horrible experience.  I have been a customer for 15 years, but now no more. I was forced to wait to place my order while the counter person told a personal story to some people who had already ordered.  I waited at least three minutes before she acknowledged me and asked if I wanted to order.  She really didn't look like someone who should be behind the counter. improperly dressed, did not know the counter, did not upsell me etc.  The food was fast, but really no flavor.  Pulled pork was dry and not that tasty.  The hot sauce was spicy, and the onion straws were over seasoned.  I have given up on Toms.  Am looking for new BBQ in Phoenix.  Honey Bears is not it either, but that is a different story.
5	Just returned from a delicious dinner at Tom's. Billy behind the counter was great- extremely personable and made the great food that much better. I had the brisket and you could cut it with a fork... yumm :) Fiance had the pulled pork in which he grudgingly shared a taste with me because he was enjoying it so much. Will def. be back- keep on doing what your doing. Person below me- 3 minute wait? at a dinner place? That's nothing!
4	The brisket with the spicy sauce is fantastic!
4	Tom's Bbq serves up very good bbq, some of the best you'll find in Phoenix. Tom's serves up Chicago style bbq, so not only do they have some very good bbq plates, they also have some non bbq Chicago staples. The bbq pulled pork and beef brisket sandwiches are above average. The Chicago staples on the menu such as the Italian Beef sandwich, Italian Sausage, and Vienna Beef Hot Dog are also very good. Good Chicago style menu, fast and friendly service, and reasonable prices, gives Tom's Bbq an above average rating of four stars.
5	I am really surprised that this place doesn't have a higher average ratings!  I discovered this place after an exhausting day of moving into the neighborhood.  I was greeted by the nicest lady, I believe her name was Billie... she gave me the story of the restaurant, and told me what items were good on the menu.  I got a little sampler, and while I was waiting, she brought me a little slab of ribs so I could taste them (they weren't in the sampler I ordered).Needless to say, the food was fantastic - and reminded me of being back in the Midwest.  I go there from time to time and always have a great experience - whether I'm eating in or taking out.
4	I've been going to Tom's for the past 5 years. I can't say that I've ever had anything bad. The owner is constantly trying to improve the menu which I love because it adds a new twist to things. This last time I went I had the Tom's Special sandwich with a side of Macaroni Salad and an order of Fried Zucchini. The Sandwich was juicy, tender and full of flavor as usual (the portion is really big so you may want to consider only eating half). The Macaroni was perfectly cool and creamy. The kicker was the Fried Zucchini; in the past times I've ordered this and it was smaller round slices; now they are fresh spears and taste so much better. The only thing I would change is the ranch sauce that I dipped the Zucchini in, I tend to lean more towards a thicker more sour cream based Ranch style. This place has the best customer service and the prices are spot on with the portion sizes. So for all my carnivores out there make sure you visit Tom's, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
5	Wow! Damn good BBQ! So far the best I've eaten, but I honestly don't have much experience here. The prices are fair for the amount of meat and the gastronomical  experience you'll get after eating their pulled pork sandwich. We visited ths spot after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, so it's a definite must eat in Phoenix and Tempe! Thanks for the great response from this place from other Yelpers because it's well worth it. The service was friendly and perfectly suited for this place. I don't remember the gals name but she had a great southern style charm that made you feel like family and made you laugh. The side sauces were amazing with your choice of regular and spicy. Both were flavorful and delicious so I recommend getting both and alternating. The brisket looked delicious too, so my next visit will be to try that.Definitely a must eat in Phoenix!
4	The truth???  I've been here twice this week :)Delicious! I'm in love with the pulled pork entree with their hot bbq sauce. It's just fantastic. A plus also is their coleslaw is made w/o mayo which made me very happy and is great with the pork. They have a huge menu with lots of options you are sure to find something you will like. The sides for me in general are just ok to be honest but when I come here I come for the meat anyway.My boyfriend loves their ribs and also their fried zucchini are huge and cooked just right. Im a regular now and plan on keeping it that way for my pulled pork munchies
5	Lots of BBQ places offer sides with their meals.  At Tom's, you get great ones, with an extra one thrown in for free--a side of service.I've had Texas BBQ and New Orleans BBQ before--some places are good and others are eh.  This is the first time I have ever had Chicago BBQ, and this is definitely one of those rare spots to compare all others to.  Every bite was tender and tasty, and their sauce had the perfect balance of flavors.Billie, the lady behind the counter, was really friendly.  When there were no orders to be taken, she was out on the floor shootin' the bull with us and it made for a really pleasant evening of food and conversation for both my wife and I.Recommended?  Oh hell yeah.  Eventually, my wife and I are going to have to get back to vegetarianism after our long absence, but  places like this make what we have to do a bit harder.  When we finally do decide get back to the realm of bunny food, I have a good mind to come back here one more time and go out with a bang.
2	I had their chicken BBQ and it's was ok not the best in the world I could have made some at home that would have tasted better. In fact I have made some that tastes way better but I was in a rush and wanted food. And the guy at the counter was beyond rude to me when I ordered. Also the guy who gave me my food got all pissed of when he brought me my food because it was a to go order. God forbid he put my food in a paper bag. Even if the food is shitty most places still have great customer service this place unfortunately had neither. Sad thing is is that I work in the same business complex as them. I will no longer be going there for lunch. Someone else can use my "discounts" which btw way i did not receive like i was suppose to. At least I enjoyed the french fries.
1	My wife and I went to Tom's one time and one time only.  We tried their hot link and rib tip platter.  The first thing we were both horrified over was the thickness of the rib tip.  Credit card thin was the best descriptor.  Rib tips from the places I remembered back in Chicago were much thicker than this and had waaaaaaaaaaaay more meat.  The hot links really looked and tasted more like spicy hot dogs instead of italian sausage.  The sauce definitely left a LOT to be desired.  The aftertaste had me grabbing my drink faster than a Porsche 911 Turbo on nitrous gets from 0-60.  After the first bite, my wife and I tossed the stuff in the garbage and vowed NEVER to come back to this place because they have absolutely no idea how to do Chicago style BBQ properly.
4	Tom's is within walking distance of my apartment so I already love it for the location. A friend of mine brought me dinner from Tom's a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. I'm from the Midwest so I value my BBQ and know what's truly considered BBQ. Tom's did it right. I had a basic pulled pork sandwich and it breath-taking. Just soaked in tangy BBQ sauce and pork sliced so perfectly I wasn't upset when it fell outta the bun a bit. Topped with a hefty spponful of cole slaw the texture was just the right amount of creamy and crunchy that I licking my fingers after. We also got a boat of fried pickles. Cut into spears not round ridges, I thought they were delightful. A country girl myself, I grew up frying things and Tom's did pickles justice. Even without ranch to dip.
4	I was in the area and decided I would check this place out. Let me just say this, the time to go to this place is around 3PM because you will get treated like a king (or in my case, a queen! :)I didn't really know what to order, so many choices, and Billie working behind the counter gave me several suggestions. I  go with the smoked turkey sandwich and red beans & rice for my side. She let me sample the beans before I got them (just to make sure they weren't too spicy). When I sat down, she asked if I would like a sample of the pork. Of course I do!! And damn I should have ordered the pork because it was delicious! The smoked turkey was good too just not like the pork. The BBQ sauce they put on too is sweet and yummy!! As I'm eating, Billie and another staff member come out and talk to me for about 20 minutes. Both are really cool, laid back people and enjoyed having some company (as I went in alone). The entire time I was there, nobody else came in so it was fun talking to the staff. Just want to point out they do get slammed for lunch and dinner but since 3PM on a Thursday is an odd time to eat, they weren't busy. Definitely loved this place and will be returning!!
5	Anyone from Chicago has to go!  its just like one of the little hole in the wall type places in Chicago that has all the classic food with a new flavor and taste.Their Beefs are AMAZING!!  The service was Amazing.  Billie was the nice lady working and she is a gem!  So nice and caring and very concerned about the appearance and performance of their restaurant.I have been back 4 times since and the food seems to get better.  It is a little pricey, but worth it!! You are supporting a real small business that deserves your patronage!  You must try a Beef from there.  It is a different sandwich than Al's, so it is tough to compare, but if you love classic Chicago Beef this is the place for you!  if you have never been to Chicago this is a true taste of it!
5	I've been going here since I was little. Hands down, the best BBQ in AZ (in my opinion.) I've had just about everything on their menu and they've never disappointed me. The service is great as well. :)
4	Great food! Not necessarily good for you, but great taste. Bbq & fried fish & Italian beef & more - owner is obviously from Chicago, lots of Chicago memorabilia - so lots of great tastes from there. Friendly little place too. Same lady at the front counter every time I've been there who's quite a character
1	Their food is terrible!!!! Almost inedible --  definitely unchewable!As bad as the food is, their service is worse!  Lousy customer service!Bad attitude!  Rude people!  Made the experience even worse.You will be much happier someplace else.I've had much better food at Taco Bell!!!
3	I've been here twice.First time - Italian Beef & Sausage Combo (by mistake), Maxwell St PolishItalian Combo:I'd never had the combo anywhere before because I don't really love Italian Sausage (blasphemy, I know).  But when I got it home and bit into it, I'm glad they gave me the combo instead of just the beef.  I could tell that the beef sandwich alone would have been awesome - great tasting juice, tender beef, and all the right toppings.  The addition of the sausage didn't really improve the sandwich for me, simply because Ricobenes and Italian Beefs are my favorite things on baggies.  But it did make me realize that I do indeed like Italian Sausage sammiches.  The combo gave me two different experiences and neither overpowered the other, but came together to form an undeniably delicious sandwich.  Therefore, I recommend either the beef or sausage sandwich, or more importantly...the combo.  Polish:This is the Maxwell St...so its not just a regular polish you'd get at a cart somewhere on Central.  The grilled onions, mustard and peppers were all present on top of the familiar taste of that kind of sausage.  Hmmm...can't remember if it was a regular bun...drat.  Anyway, the ONLY problem was the sausage - it was a bit overcooked.  If it hadn't been, it would have been my first taste of a proper Maxwell St since Hippo's in Troy, MI.  Don't get me wrong, the taste was definitely legit here...just an unfortunate mishap on the sausage.Went back yesterday as I was trying to avoid I-10 traffic.This time I got the 2 Meat Combo with potato salad and red beans & rice.  Ribs and brisket were my meats.Ribs - I have become a dry rub guy (seems like this review is filled with phrases that could be exploited), and I think the presence of an insane amount of sauce lessened my opinion of these ribs.  I like to judge a rib without sauce, but that was impossible because of how much they put on them.  Regardless, they were tender enough without being "fake".  However, they didn't have enough smokiness for my liking.  It was dark in the room, so I couldn't tell if there was a significant smoke ring or not.  All in all, you could do much worse.  But I think I'll probably pass on the ribs whenever I go back.  The Chicago offerings are much more intriguing. Brisket - Can't complain whatsoever.  I haven't had a ton of brisket in my life, so maybe I don't know good brisket when I taste it.  But this was good to me.  A good smokey flavor, tender, and not crumbly or dry.  The sauce helped it a bit I think, as the two flavors work well together.  I would buy this again.  Probably the best I've had in my limited experience.Da Sauce - Not bad at all.  In fact I prefer this over a lot of Famous Dave's sauces.  It has a tang to it, but not overpowering with it.  Its not a thick sauce.  It seems to not fit their ribs the best, though...its hard to explain.  Kind of a moppy sauce, but perhaps better on someone else's ribs.  Even still, I wouldn't mind having a bottle of it at home for my chicken or burgers.  Good stuff.So yeah, this is a great place to come for some Chi-Town goodies.  They get the Italian Beef right, the taste of the Maxwell correct, and they also have some other good stuff I have to back and try.  I also gotta try their fried catfish - in fact, they have an all you can eat fish fry on Fridays.  Pricing was normal for this kind of food - about $7 for the sandwiches, $4 for the Maxwell, $16 for the 2 meat combo w/sides.  Not bad.  Service the second time was nice - a very personable and chatty lady was behind the counter and we had some nice conversation...very kind to replace my red beans and rice after i dropped it by saying good bye haha.  I recommend the place and i'm sure I'll increase the rating as I go back more.
5	best. bbq. pork. sandwiches. in. phoenix. period
5	Great Italian beef... Just like Al's in Chicago. Service was excellent. A must try  if in the area.
4	It might just be me, but the use of canned mushrooms in cooking should be abolished. How does canned mushrooms get into a BBQ review, well all you have to do is order that Tom's Signature Sandwich. It was a monster sub with the smoked turkey, wine sauce, cheese, onions, peppers and those canned mushrooms. Only $7.95, it's a nice deal. The meat was very tasty with a definite smoke flavor. Probably didn't need all the extra stuff as it just masked the great taste of the meat, but that's not their fault. They have regular sandwiches for just $5.95 also. I really enjoyed the BBQ Baked beans as well. They had the darkest color of almost any beans ever served, but great BBQ flavor. Two kinds of sauces were available and finally someone had a hot sauce that doesn't include Habanero's. Both were quite good. They have been here since 1988 and there is alot more stuff to try including brisket and smoked chicken and some great lunch specials. Will be back.
5	I know that I've had Tom's BBQ before. I've seen them at events, but this was the first time I went inside to eat. We walked right in at lunchtime, but it wasn't too overly busy. There were people there enjoying the BBQ, but it was calm, relaxed and the food didn't take long. Most places are much more hectic during lunch. Billy was so friendly! We loved the BBQ and Chicago feel in Arizona. She also let us try some fried mac n cheese. YUM! I loved it and would have probably not known to order it as a side on my own. Thanks so much!!
3	good sauce and sides and a clean environment. the bbq was ok..i wasn't disappointed,  however i wasn't running to grab a pen and write home about it either.
5	Go for the food and enjoy the friendly service.  Billie will take good care of you. Hubby enjoyed the garden burger and I had bbq chicken salad. Shared fried pickles, zucchini & the fried mushrooms which were huge & crispy. Will go again before we leave!
4	Definitely worth a try for quick and delicious BBQ! I stopped by for lunch midweek and service was real quick. You order at the counter and can seat yourself and the food is delivered once ready. The best part of Tom's is the family feel to it. Ill definitely go back!
5	Best ribs in Tempe. Brisket is also great!
1	Fast-service BBQ places abound in just about every town and city, and they all deliver pretty much the same menu: BBQ brisket, pulled pork, chicken, sometimes ribs and burgers.  Tom's is the same.  Usually the ambiance is booths and plain tables-and-chairs.  Often you order at a counter and they bring you the food.  Tom's is the same.  Prices are usually a bit more than fast food but not as much as regular sit-down restaurants.  You guessed it - Tom's is the same.But this Tom's has a problem.  Consider the brisket platter for about $10, which consists of brisket, a biscut, and a side.  What could be so bad?  Well, it was the brisket.  The portion consisted of about 3 ounces (maybe 4) of meat utterly covered in a sweet BBQ sauce -- not cooked with the sauce, just inundated with it.  Ok - scrape it off, you will suggest.  So I did.  What was underneath was small slices entirely from the fatty part of the brisket.  Half of my small portion of meat was fat, and not crispy tasty fat but soggy discouraging muck.  The pictures on the wall showed lots of lean slices from the first cut of the brisket -- misleading? or downright fraudulent?  Now I see why they put 6 ounces of BBQ sauce on 3 ounces of meat.I notice that the rest of our group of six was eating their food, mostly, but without any outward signs of real pleasure.  That at least was comforting - misery loves company.
4	this is a good please to eat for lunch and the cat fish is  great big pieces, all so i have some  ribs from my  coworker they are good too.  ihave to  stop by there for something else soon.
3	Very conveniently located in Tempe, I had high expectations when I first visited Tom's BBQ. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich thinking it was a good standard item to try. The food was okay. The sauce was okay. The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly however my hunt for great BBQ in the valley will go on...
2	Well, the 2nd time was not the charm at this place. The smoked chicken sandwich was three thick slices of said smoked chicken. It was tossed between a hamburger bun and drenched in sauce that turned this into a knife and fork event. Too bad that the chicken was cold and so were the baked beans. I really did not want to come back and microwave fresh food, but that was the case at Tom's. The chicken was smoked, but it tasted like smoke, no other seasonings or anything going on here. The Baked Beans are still good, but this visit proved that Tom's need a bit of a lesson  in serving hot food and food that is a value. At 6 bucks, it seems like a good deal for sandwich, but it wasn't.
4	They have a pretty wide open menu for a BBQ joint, including home town staples like Italian beef and other chi-town styled sandwiches. I suggest the pulled pork and the fried zucchini.
2	Had the BBQ nachos from the Toms booth at the fountain hills art fair. Looked great, but the meat, cheese sauce and all other toppings were cold.  Service was bad, waited in line for 20 minutes, get to the register and the lady just walks away, telling everyone she was going in break and we should just go get in the next line.  Luckily someone with common sense stepped in and took orders in that line. Then he gave me wrong change and took 3 tries for him to get it right. $100-$14=$86.  Not $46. Not $94. Overall disappointing food, even for an outdoor food stand and just head shaking service.
5	This place is awesome. Having just moved from Illinois it was nice to see some Chicago influences. Food is amazing and the owner is extremely friendly, almost like a spastic mother-like figure. Awesome BBQ and the pulled pork is on point!
3	Ordered beef brisket dinner with red beans and rice and macaroni salad.  First thing I noticed when I walked in was little smoke was in the restaurant, not sure if that's a good thing.  Ordering was quick and took my dinner back to the hotel.  Opened it up noticed how much sauce was on the brisket,  taste was okay.  I think they use oak for the smoke,  I could be wrong.  The brisket had very little smoke,  no smoke ring that I could see.  Overall, just okay BBQ.  I did like the hot BBQ sauce..
2	While visiting Arizona I was driving down Baseline Road in Tempe and noticed a place called Tom's BBQ Chicago Style. What caught my eye in particular was the signage stating that they carried Chicago Style Italian Beef. The next time I went down Baseline road I made sure to stop by and give it a try.I walked in to find a small restaurant. After looking over the menu I noticed they did indeed serve Chicago style hot dogs, and being the hot dog critic I obviously had to try one. I also ordered an Italian Beef as they had a big sign in front and I figured it must be a specialty of theirs, after about a 10 minute wait my food was ready. We'll start with the Italian Beef. This Italian beef was bland, they had the soggy part right. The bread was right, it had the right texture and softness. The Italian Beef meat itself did not have the usual Italian Beef seasoning that I find in Chicagoland. I've had worse Italian Beef sandwiches, but for a place putting this at the top of their signage I would expect it to be better.The hot dog was even worse. This was a giant sloppy mess of a hot dog. The poppy seed bun was the right type (not a given in Arizona), but there was about three hot dogs worth of mustard on this thing. There was way too much tomato and too thick, this caused tomato water to soak the bun causing the bun to become soggy. There was a thick and watery pickle slice that caused the bun to be even soggier. The relish was also applied too liberally, while it was the neon green style of relish typically found in Chicago the application was just a mess. There were two sport peppers about the length of the dog between the two of them. Then cucumber slices and practically no onion. The bun fell apart as I attempted to pick it up, this was just a total disaster of a hot dog and puts a bad name on Chicago style dogs.Overall Tom's BBQ was a big disappointment. Despite signs indicating "Chicago Style" all over the outside, the two Chicago style food items I had here were lousy. Perhaps their BBQ is better but if and when I return to Arizona I'll take my chances elsewhere. Two stars for Tom's.
2	I ordered a couple of items from this place and nothing was really that good.  The speed of the order and customer service was excellent, but the food was average at best.
2	First off, if you are anywhere in the east valley go to WALDOS BBQ in MESA. Toms doesn't hold a candle to Waldos. Second time coming here and once again it was decent to sub par. The guy behind the counter was on personal calls the entire time, even making a few customers wait until he was done! Such a tool.. Tried the fish fry this time, not bad for all you can eat but, the hush puppies tasted like they had saw dust for filling. Last time, I had the brisket and it was a bit dry but, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
3	The counter help was charismatic and makes you feel really welcome. Super sweet and genuine or is a darn good act, lol. The place was clean and well decorated but the food was ok but nothing special.
4	I'm originally from Illinois so when I heard about this place, I was super excited. The food was delicious for sure, the catfish was amazing. The hot link dinner was good, wish there was more bread that came with it. The most disappointing part about this experience was the peach cobbler, all it was is a cup of peaches in the juice with cinnamon or between sugar. I wasn't very happy. Overall, good experience. Dessert was disappointing.
1	I refuse to pay the highway robbery prices touristas pay for a half rack of ribs at Lucille's restaurant in the Tempe marketplace, so when I came upon this down-to-earth looking BBQ place I was very hopeful. But as we sometimes say in New York, Fuhgedabout it! I've had BBQ in Chicago and this place doesn't come close. I paid $20 for a 3-meat combo with 2 sides and a fountain drink. The one rib they placed on top was good, although not great. the five underneath it were thin and dry. The chicken and brisket were also dry as DUST! The baked beans were so tiny and drowning in a mug of thick molasses like sauce that I couldn't even taste them. Even my Diet Pepsi tasted over carbonated. The jalapeno mac & cheese was a fire-eating taste treat and that's the only thing I can half recommend about this place, other than the fast and friendly service. VERY poor food, unfortunately.
1	I'm originally from Illinois so of course I decided to try this establishment. The pulled pork was my favorite but I gave up going there because the counter help, Billie, in particular, would make inappropriate comments about my weight within earshot of other customers ("you're too thin!") which was absolutely mortifying (rude! Who does that?!) and last time I decided to give them one more try, I waited at the counter for 5 minutes and no one came up front (too busy taking smoke breaks outside to wait on guests??) I headed out ... Then she finally gets to the counter  & I was already out the door. I had better luck down the street at Subway. Don't waste your time.
2	I love BBQ, Have lived for years in the "BBQ belt" and am open minded to all styles. I don't mind reasonably High prices if the talent and the love/passion are there to support is.Toms was just a let down for me, The prices were high, but for what you gettting, if price is your concern, best go to MCD's for their sandwich.The taste, the vibe, the kindness just wasn't there for us. Heck, the Q was dry! no amount of sauces can cover that up. I had my bride double check me in case I was Having a bad night, but nope, she thought the same.+I like to grill.BBQ myself, but I love to go out, and have fun while I learn abit, I hope others have better experiences that. I doubt I'll be going back.
3	Not too bad...not that good. Ribs still had the membrane on the bottom, pulled pork was somehow moist and dry at the same time. I prefer Georgia Chopped pork style more, so maybe it's me. The brisket saved the day. A+ for the brisket! Cole slaw and beans were just ok. Don't know if this is the best in the area...I will keep looking.
5	The counter lady is awesome..the food is absolutely wonderful and fast.....and affordable.
5	Yum! Another restaurant nearby was packed, so we came to toms. The buns were soft and the BBQ beef was delicious. The sauce was tangy. We also had a Chicago beef wet (that's dipped in as jus). Not bad. Potato salad and cole slaw were good. I can't believe they aren't busier. Maybe a little high priced for lunch. Around $11 each.
2	I grew up with BBQ, my favorite being well made brisket with spicy sauce. So each time I try a new BBQ spot, brisket is my first choice. The brisket here at Tom's was just ok. It came well cooked, but was already drowned in regular sauce that wasn't anything fantastic. They have a decent spicy sauce, but pouring water over rain just makes things more wet. The side of bread comes out of a package and the beans were just too smoked that getting the full flavor out isn't possible. I'll go back to try the Italian sausage, but I'm not expecting a meal to wow me. If you want some quick BBQ, and it was darn quick with friendly service, this place is great. Unfortunately, the main meal I was interested in was abyssal and not worth recommending for $15.
4	Needed a good, quick meal and this place fit the bill perfectly.  I ordered the ribs and fish combo and it was very good!  The person behind the counter was very personable and my meal was ready quickly.  I would definitely recommend,
1	My girlfriend and I got food from here for the first time today. We got ribs, a pulled pork sandwich, a Chicago dog, and the Polish dog.  We also purchased sides of macaroni salad, BBQ beans, corn, and fried zucchini.The ribs:                These were very very dry and rubbery. The BBQ on it tasted like we were eating the ashes of a bonfire pit. There was way too much liquid smoke in the BBQ, unfortunately lingering forever in our mouths....even after a couple of glasses of whiskey.The pulled pork:                  This was no better. The pork was not mixed with the BBQ like pulled pork normally is. The bottom of my bun was so soggy that it basically turned back into dough. The BBQ sauce itself was also not up to par, it didn't taste like a bonfire, but there was definitely not enough on the sandwich and it was really bland to almost the point of no taste.The sides:                 The macaroni salad was dry as hell and the noodles were not cooked all the way. There was hardly any dressing on it and it looked like it had been sitting around for a couple days.                   The fried zucchini looked good from the outside until you bit into it. It was straight mush- like it had been squeezed to a pulp.                  The corn was also disgusting. It was definitely in a steamer (or pot of water) for way too long. Like the zucchini, the corn kernels were mushy.                   The BBQ beans were the only good factor of our meal. The BBQ sauce could have used a little more in spices and herbs- but it was good.The dogs:                   Have not eaten these yet. But how can you mess up a hot dog? But from what we have had so far, who knows?                  Read the reviews prior to visiting the restaurant and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  However, as a cook for 7 years, you can take it from me that this place is not worth the money.
