2	I like INSERT COIN(S), I really do. But any of you who have been there lately knows it's gotten REALLY scene-y. The people there aren't gamers, they're hipsters who just want to party downtown so they can tell everyone loudly and obscenely that they party downtown and would never be caught dead on the strip.Uh, excuse me... you're blocking our game. You forgot this is a barcade, huh?So when I heard about Hi-Scores, I was stoked... another chance to have a true gamer's space! And it's practically right down the street from me. So off I went to check out the new kid in town.In gamer's terms, Hi-Scores is like "Super Ghouls 'n' Ghosts" -- an unnecessary sequel that doesn't make it out of Stage 1 before people give up on it.First, Hi-Scores is actually two "businesses" -- Hi-Scores and The Player's Club. More about that later, but it's pretty much the same place.Secondly, a good barcade should give you the feeling that you're partying in an arcade. I felt like I was in a warehouse a good portion of the time. There was very little theming, and the only reference to games on the menu was the Pac Man's Burger (meh) and a drink called the Centipede. But the specialty drink selection was pretty weak.The bar in general is weak. Maybe I'm spoiled on skilled Vegas bartenders, but I ordered a Long Beach Iced Tea. For those who don't know, it's exactly like a Long Island Iced Tea, except you use cranberry juice instead of Coke. Now, I don't expect everyone to know that, but at a bar, it's pretty common knowledge. Instead, I get this from the server (who for what it's worth was really nice):ME: Can I get a Long Beach Iced Tea?SHE: You mean a Long Island.ME: No, a Long Beach Iced Tea.SHE: ...........ME: A Long Beach?SHE: What's that?ME: It's a Long Island Iced Tea, except it's made with cranberry juice, not Coke.SHE: ............ I'll see what we can do."See what we can do?" It's not that hard. Minus Coke. Plus cranberry juice. Voila!I was excited to find out they had a kitchen, which IC doesn't have. Their kitchen staff, however, is obsessed with food on sticks. Our appetizer was Chinese meatballs (on sticks). For our entree, the Bestie got sliders (with big toothpicks through them) and I got Cajun beef (on skewers). The sliders were okay but super small, even for sliders. My Cajun beef was larger, but not that much better. Here's the thing: most of what they served, I could have done with a Crock-Pot and a trip to Trader Joe's. Yawn.Here's the kicker: their game area is about the size of my living room. Four console stations, not playing anything wildly popular, two Golden Tee machines, a few pinball games and a couple of cabinets. The biggest hit in the room was a 4-player Pac-Man machine, which was busy all night.Now, excuse me one dang minute, but HOW IN THE MAPPYLAND HELL are you going to try to pass yourself off as a bar-arcade and have a sorry-ass game area?Sorry, gamers, but your Princess is in another Barcade.
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!  There's a little something for everyone at Hi-Scores Bar-Arcade and the Player's Club, which is really two bars in one. Hi-Scores is open until 2 am and features every arcade game you can image -- most of them FREE.  Over at the Player's Club, which is open 24 hours, you can play video poker at the bar or arcade games in the lounge.But make no mistake about it -- what makes this place special is that it matches up great games with fab food and drink and good prices.  It is so good to finally have a local hangout with great games, fantastic food and delicious drinks.  Well done, Hi Scores!
1	Had high hopes for this bar. I live real close and it's been under construction for several months now. The prior bar/restaurant  went out-of-business there.Went into the bar/arcade side first and grabbed a table in the bar area- 10 minutes later left because no one waited on us. Went over to the tables outside the bar - strong cigarette odor so we moved again, closer to the door. I'm not a happy camper by this time.They've been advertising "craft beers" so I ask for a list.... they don't have one, WTF!!!!. Waitress recommends one that sucked. 1 appetizer, 1 shitty beer, 1 drink for the wife and we're down $24 bucks. Went to the other side and had slightly better experience - it blows me away that they can't go back to a fucking PC and print out a beer list.Giant fail...Nothing special...Waaay overpriced.
4	Pretty cool place thats easy to get to off the 215. It not the same thing as Insert Coins, which in many ways is a good thing. They have good food, better and cheaper drinks then Coins and its easy to park there. The only thing they don't have is a lot of games. Maybe 10 arcade games total and a few consoles with a good games selection, but there all free. The food is good but they are still working out some service issues. The staff needs to learn things like always remember a lime, straw, sauces for food etc but they are getting there. The drinks are average strengh and price, nothing to write home about. They seem to have a ton of etc staff on hand right now which I don't see lasting long. I really want to see this place make it, if anything it a cool relaxing enviornment that has great food and it has the ease of being in henderson.
5	Last week, we heard through the nerd-network about a new bar/arcade type joint opening in town.  This would be the third place like this that we have checked out.  One was great, another... not so much.  We were hoping for at least a "middle of the road" type of place, and ended up getting more than we were hoping for.  Enter "Hi Scores Bar-Arcade" in South-East Las Vegas/Henderson/however you want to say it (I'm pretty sure the place is actually in Henderson, but whatev...)Joe got the OK ahead of time for us to film a little bit at their soft-open, so we rolled out gear-in-hand.  Thanks to Joe being a tech-nut, we had all we needed, and didn't bother the staff/customers too bad (I hope.)    The place is pretty great, for the local Las Vegan (Las Vegan?  Las Vegasonian?) to go after a shift, relax, play some games, and have a few drinks.  Or, if you feel like it, just go hang out on a weekend night, and have a great time.  NOW... time for some comparisons (you knew it was coming.)So, on one side of the scale, we have Las Vegas' infamous Insert Coins.  Insert Coins is a nightclub-type place to hang out.  The drinks are a little expensive, no food, music can be a little too "techno-y" for my taste, but they have some great games there.  The guy who owns the place is a gamer, and knows what should be in an arcade.  Insert Coins is always a great place to hang out, I just need to save up a little before I make the trip.On the other side of the scale, we have Joystixx.  Joe and I visited Joystixx at their opening, and can't say we were that impressed.  Joystixx has one thing Insert Coins didn't, and that is food.  Joystixx is located in the Hooters Casino, so you can always get some "so-so" chicken wings if you really need to.  Aside from a few PS3s, and a Ms. Pac-Man/Galaga machine, there really weren't any reasons we would ever go back.  Sure it's cheaper than Insert Coins and all, but I'd rather pay more and have some great games to play instead.Now comes Hi Scores to town, and our curiosity is peaking.  Hi Scores is your typical Las Vegas bar (there are TONS like it.)  They have a nice bar, some video poker machines for the "gamers" out there (the gamblers are called "gamers" as well... it drives me nuts... anyway) and there is a fully functional restaurant (as most bars have as well.)  What sets them apart from the others is their arcade room.  This place has a little room set aside with a few arcade cabinets, pinball machines, a beer-pong table, and 4 Xbox 360s hooked up as well.This is the main reason why Joe an I went there.  I'm not sure if this is just because it was the soft opening, but all the games were free to play (yesss... good.)  Just to name a few, they had Asteroids, Street Fighter II CE, Pac-Man VS., some normal bar games (like Golden Tee) and we saw people on MW3, L4D2, and Gears 3 on the Xboxes.  One really cool thing about the room is the 4 Xbox 360s that they have set up are hooked up to projectors.  These display the images on glass screens in front of them, that are double sided.  That way, if you aren't on the side of the room playing, you can still see everything that is going on, on the other side... very cool.These games are just a small selection of what they actually have, and they will be rotating them out regularly.  Along with the game room, there are also games located outside on their patio area, where you can hang out and play if you don't feel like being indoors all the time.Joe and I got to check out the bar and kitchen as well... we had some friends with us, so we got a few beer towers and appetizers.  The food is pretty good.  We only had some Onion Rings and Chicken Wings, but we TORE through them. One of Joe's favorite was the soy sauce glazed chicken wings, Joe's entire life was changed!  They also had their signature drink, inspired by the classic game Centipede.  This was their green-spin on the Bloody Mary, and it was awesome.The video will show you a lot more than I can type out here, so I encourage everyone to check that out.  If you want to know more about Hi Scores, their Facebook seems to be the best way to do that.  They have a Twitter account, and website, but it is pretty clear they spend most of their social media time with Facebook.  I'll link it all below.  Joe and I will be going back again tomorrow for the official grand opening, we can't wait.-As originally reviewed by us (Clay and Joel) on NerdJunkies.com
4	My girlfiend and I ate there last night, and it was a good experience.My girlfriend had  had the sliders and the bbq pork fries.  There were 5 really tiny sliders, although tasty, the pork fries were the real stars, would recommend them! I had the Fig It Out burger which was delicious! The toppings were very well balanced as far as the flavors go. The Bison burger was thick and juicy, the fig jam was very sweet and figgy, the Gorgonzola bits counteracted the sweet of the fig just perfectly, and the pepper bacon was nice and thick, not too limp, but not too crunchy.The arcade wasn't too large, but there was a cocktail waitress there and all the games were free play. There was pinball, some driving games, 5 console systems, and a 4 player pac-man death match type arcade game that i can see you guys playing all night. It also appeared that there were 4 consoles outside on the patio.I don't think we would hesitate to come back with friends in the future.
1	really disappointed in this place saw the commercials / pictures and thought this place would be really neat. nope. the "bar arcade" section was really tiny. Setup really weird. there was a few games to play including a 2 player racing game with one that was out of order. the only thing that stuck out was a 4 player pacman that was entertaining for a few rounds.. For it being a busy night seemed like more staff than patrons. - it being a special event there was supposed to be 15$ beer towers, i tried to order one and the waitress said something about that not being available anymore? after that she walked off and we moved on. the "players club"    section was stuffy and empty. also for them to pride themselves on having a "awesome craft beer selection" the drink menu for you to look at only includes there waaaay over priced mixed drinks. So you kinda just have to guess at the beer choices. n ever tried the food.. so cant really speak on that, all in all had high hopes for this place to be a regular hang out but after this experience not so much
1	I was really excited about this place. Ive been following the production and everything on Facebook for months but man, what a let down. Came here a few nights ago with a girlfriend and expected a upscale insert coins. the decor is ok, the arcade part is pretty tiny and a few of the machines were already out of order. The bartenders were a nightmare. So rude and made us feel as if we were annoying them. Also we asked for a drink/beer list & they claimed they didn't have one and then struggled naming the beers they had. Ill be sticking to Insert Coins. or maybe try back when they have their shit together.
2	This place is a complete and utter disappointment. If you're a Vegas local living in the Green Valley area you're probably excited a place comparable to Insert Coins has opened up on your side of town. This could not be further from the truth. If you're coming here for the arcade games be prepared to be disappointed. This is NOT Insert Coins. Not even close.My experience was also highlighted by a security guard interrupting the conversation I was having to tell me to make sure the sandals I was wearing were all the way on my feet! I was sitting on a stool and one of my sandals (apparently?) was not on my foot all the way. Now, I'm all about hygiene, cleanliness, and for following the rules, but this guy was extremely rude. How about tending to the line out the door, or the drunk guy at the bar, instead of worrying about my sandal. To top it off, the arcade area isn't even 21 and over. There's nothing worse than jockeying for position and trying to enjoy drinks with friends while trying to fend off 18-year old hipsters trying to play Pac-Man and Golden Tee. Yes, there is a 21-over bar area attached, but at this point I might as well head to PT's. I did not taste the food so I can't speak to their menu, but as far as the bar/arcade portion goes...my advice is to stay away. There are far better places in Vegas to check out on a weekend evening.
5	I've been to Hi Scores on numerous occasions and I've honestly never had a bad time. The drinks are creative, and their food is amazing! During their 'Power Hour' and when football is on, it's half off on their Szechuan Chicken Wings and Bacon Wrapped Corndogs (those are effing delicious) which are a pretty good deal, and several of their beers (Werewolf and Dead Guy Ale) are $2.00 each. I've made it a point to try something different off of their menu each time I go, and the quality of food is great. A large plate of Pulled Pork Fries is $3.00 and change, and can easily feed several people, which is something I get when I'm with my friends.  The events are also something to go for, the management team go out of their way to please their guests and it's refreshing to see people that want to make you happy and mingle with the clientele instead of just lurking in the back until something happens.  I've heard a lot of people compare this to Insert Coin(s) but the reality is that there is a clear difference between the establishments, both in pricing and what they're trying to do and who they're trying to cater to.  If I want to have a 'club' atmosphere, I'll go to Insert Coin(s), but for a place that is just fun to hang out at, have some beers, get some food and play some games without being harassed, I'd much rather go to Hi Scores.  You don't have to pay to play, which was a huge thing for me at IC(s). I'm not at a club, I don't want to pay for a booth... but I can sit at Hi Scores and play uMvC3 and Left 4 Dead 2 for free? Absolutely.For the naysayers, I'd also keep in mind that this place literally just opened. With anything just starting up, there's kinks to work out. I would definitely recommend giving it another try, and if you haven' t been there yet, you should check it out!Pros: great food, good beers, friendly staffCons: it's a bit of a drive if you live on the other side of town, luckily I can hop on the 95 to the 215 and be there within 15-20 minutes
5	I have been looking for a bar on my side of town that carries all my favourite craft beers. It's just the right mix of nerdy awesomeness and delicious bar. I always appreciate a bar with a great menu selection. The dead guy steak salad is absolutely fantastic! If you're in the mood for something a bit more guilty try the BBQ pulled pork fries. There really isn't anything on the menu that isn't delicious. Then they have the added bonus of video games and events. Definitely a place to check out.
5	I recently visited this establishment with a number of my co-workers.  We were in town for a trade show on the strip but we couldn't resist the appeal of cool sounding bar.  So we made the trek to Henderson and we were not disappointed in the least.  I work for a gaming company and, as you can imagine, have a discerning taste for video games.  We were floored with how nice the games were and the variety of classics!  The food was amazing didn't disappoint (I had the bacon wrapped corn dogs) and the drinks were top notch.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to relax with their friends, have a few drinks, and play video games.  Can't wait for my next trade show so we can visit again!
5	For Henderson I have to say this is one of the best hang out for a gamer, a foodie, and a drinker to get to.  The service is absolutely awesome.  I went during the happy hour on a football game.  And I ordered the wings, the onion rings, and the binh mi to try.  The wings are really good, the sauce is a bit spicy the chicken have a nice sweet and salty tasty.  The onion rings are huge and crispy.  And the Binh mi, i will have to say is tasty.  It doesnt really taste like a vietnamese binh mi but it is a tasty sandwich none the less.  For happy hour i got everything half off which is soooo worth it, and i got the mermaid ale for 2 bucks.  Aw man it is sweet.  They also have free internet for the guest, as well as multiple tvs to watch the game.  The only thing i may not like here is the game selection.  If they had mortal kombat 3 and killer instinct I would be happy.  I am a little sad on their cabinets.  The first sf2 is slow and boring, i was hoping for hyper or super.  also the cheap mortal kombat knock offs pretty much suck, but hey its different.  I commend them on being different which is pretty cool.  When ever i get free time from work and school this is the place that I go.  I hope they get some cooler games soon, but hey I will be coming back hopefully once a week. haha.
5	High-score/The Player's club is by far one of the best bars in the city!  If you are thinking about going somewhere along the strip just stop right now.  Come to this bar.  The food is amazing (I highly reccommend the BBQ pork fries), Freddie, the owner is personable and awesome, and the bartenders (ask for Mike and Mike) are knowledgable, funny and friendly.  Look no further for the perfect bar.
5	Hi Scores has easily become my favorite bar in town!! They've got amazing food (Pretzel Bytes and Pac Burgers) and a fully stocked bar. For those who are a little more adventurous, they have a pretty extensive beer menu. There's always a great vibe, regardless of if it's packed and busy or slow and mellow. The servers are all kick ass (and look gorgeous doing it). They interact with everyone at the bar instead of just waiting on them and that definitely makes them stand out compared to other establishments. Stephanie and Jennifer both have without fail made every visit amazing. I've been in about a half dozen times in the last 2-3 weeks and not a single bad experience. Beer pong and a free arcade. Drinks are amazingly priced. If you haven't been in yet, go. If you've had a shaky experience, stop being whiny and give them a second shot (they just opened). And it's 18+, so you're not limited to take your younger buddies out for a good time.
1	Been waiting for this place to open for a few months with anticipation & I guess that got the best of me bc it ended up being a big disappointment. We stopped in for lunch on a weekday a couple weeks after they opened. The menu was small & I had a really hard time time deciding on what to order, mainly bc nothing really sounded all that enticing. I was also somewhat surprised that they didn't have any lunch specials to offer. The waitress said that was their regular menu that they have all the time. Really? You don't even get fries with your sandwiches. Yep, a la carte baby! & trust me, these are not a la carte worthy fries. I finally settled on the "Flyin Hawaiian" chicken sandwich. The chicken tasted like it had been cooked that morning & then reheated right before they brought it it to me, not to mention that all the different flavors just really didn't work well together. The fries are not really even worth mentioning. Definitely not fresh & the dipping sauces were bland & didn't even get served until we were almost done eating. My husband got the cajun meat sticks which were overcooked & tough. It was just 3 sticks served on a bed of crispy fried hashbrowns? It was probably one of the most boring dishes I've ever seen or had the displeasure of tasting. Service was painfully slow & there were only about 2 or 3 other tables being waited on. Right before leaving, I made the mistake of asking why the restaurant was only going to be serving to patrons 18 & over. I didn't realize that when we first sat down & noticed a sign as we were getting ready to leave so I was curious. The waitress launched into a nasty anti-kid rant. Chill lady, it was a question. I'm not a psychiatrist that can help you with your feelings about why you don't like kids. I can understand bars that don't allow people under 21 in, but to have a place smack dab in suburban Henderson with a very fun feel to it with classic video games & the ability to separate the bar area, (can we say completely different building?!) I don't understand why you wouldn't want to expand your client base! Our family would probably be eating there (if the food ever got better) min 1-2 times a month with my 3 growing boys.. They love the classic video games. Seems like a missed market to me. I have to say, I left with a pretty bad taste in my mouth & not just from the food :/
5	My wife and I decided to check the place out on a Saturday night. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere awesome. We enjoyed the friendly and attentive service, and would certainly go back again.
3	Maybe I came here on a night where the stars aligned (judging from the other reviewers) but I enjoyed the place.No, this is not Insert Coin(s), and it's not pretending to be either.  You won't find Golden Tee and a beer pong table there, but you will find that here.  It has arcade games, it has games and seating for contemporary consoles, and it has this for FREE.  Yeah, you heard that right, FREE.  How can you hate on that?And for me as a non-smoker, I appreciate that I can breathe easy while I throw down on some fighter games.  And for those of you that do smoke, there's a patio to accommodate you. The drinks were fair, nothing really astounding.  I dug the back-lit drink menu, which was a nice touch.  I can't speak on the food as I came to game and have a few beverages. For me, this places bears further investigation, not a write-off.
3	I'm officially giving this spot 3.5 stars.  Dropped by on an off night as the weather was pretty crappy.. however, I'm glad I kind of did as I got to fully walk around and check it out.  I'll admit that the games available were pretty limited and not as popular as I would have liked.. but they were FREE-99.  The high-top multiplayer pac-man game was probably the most entertaining game as it had the perfect spot to hold my ice cold beverage.  Aside from old school coin-op games, they've got beer pong tables and console games with transparent screens (it was neat to watch what the gamers were playing on the other side).  The outside patio held a handful of "golden tee" type games that would have been more fun if it wasn't cold and rainy.It's definitely not an InsertCoins - but I think thats the charm of it.  Grab a group of friends, a beer tower and enjoy the chill-local vibe.
5	One of the most under-rated places in the Valley!Great food (super cheap during happy hrs and football), great drinks (all fresh made/juiced cocktails and a great beer selection), FREE VIDEO GAMES!I really don't get all the reviews of this place saying how great it is and giving it 3 stars, it is a 4-5 star place for sure IMO.  If you want a club and expect that going in, you will not be satisfied.  If you want a normal sit down restaurant to order food or a normal gaming bar Hi-Scores isn't really either of those - AND THATS WHY IT'S SO GREAT!  Hi-scores/players club is a hybrid bar/lounge/free gaming haven - and it does this well. I've been 3 times now and everytime I've had a lot of fun for different reasons.  I had great cocktails once and just relaxed in the 21+ side of the bar.  Another time I came early in the day and watched the football games and ate some amazing fried corn dogs (not frozen but FRESH).  Last time I went I was just having a few drinks with friends and playing all the FREE games and had a blast.  Every visit was accompanied by great service as well, this place seems to be well managed and staffed.They change out the games periodically as well and last time they had one of my favorite arcade games of all time - '1945'  I felt like a kid in the mall again trying to get the high score!
5	I love this place.
5	Not exactly sure what the bad reviews are from as this is my favorite bar and is only a block away from my home. So lets dive in because I think some of the people that went here have no idea what even goes on here every week.Hi Scores is definitely a place for LOCALS. Insert Coin is a place for tourists downtown. If you noticed a substantial difference that's because of the venue it's meant for. When you go to Insert Coin that place caters to the tourists downtown and provides dancing, music, a lot of square feet for an arcade, and VIP tables. It's a club with video games, period. It's ok if you don't mind going somewhere where nobody knows you, the service is always slow due to how many tourists are in there drinking, and you don't mind listening to dubstep every night. Hi Scores is for us, not them. The menu alone should be reason enough to pop your head in. I've had the pleasure of getting to know the staff here on a personal level just as they've gotten to know me. The ambiance here is more for the techy crowd but also caters to the poker players, beer pong folks (they have huge towers of beer for use at your beer pong table or just to share with friends), and is a great social place. Everyone that comes here is laid back and social. You can sit down at the bar and have a conversation with anyone. The menu is constantly changing and things don't even make it to the menu until they've been taste tested about 10 times by the staff before hand. My favorites are the ahi poke sushi and the dead guy steak salad/sandwich. The Chinese meatballs are also amazing as is the bacon wrapped corndogs that are actually fried up tempura style and the angry birds chicken wings are also great to share with friends.Lets get into the events. I'm a big "Walking Dead" fan and every Sunday while the show isn't on its mid season finale break, you can come here for the 9pm showing. The cast of the Living Dead musical out here in Vegas is there every week and people come dressed as either zombies or zombie hunters for the event as well. There's a nice giveaway of drinks, shirts, tickets to shows and other things that really make the event a fun thing to attend before having to go back to work on Monday. After the show is over they have "Left for Dead 2" tournaments where the winner can take home a copy of Resident Evil 6. Monday is similar where they have Monday night football and then have John Madden tournaments on the Xbox/PS3 and the winner of that contest takes home a copy of Madden '13. This is one of the only places I know that offers locals some nice weekend and week day events where you can actually win things and go home with a smile on your face. I mean, what else do you want in a local bar? This place far exceeds every other place I've been to during my 5 years of living out here. PT's is a joke.And lastly, this is a beer drinkers paradise. The beer menu changes every single week. This is kraft beer utopia for those who want to sample the best of what's out there. I have friends who have the beer apps on their phone who come here to find some of those hard to allocate brews and spend hours just tasting beer in the evening. The owners are passionate about beer, food, and gaming. They're looking to procure some larger properties throughout Vegas in 2013 because of the dynamic success the original location has. If sitting around PT's or some other boring bar that gives you horrible bar food, lackluster service, and pretty much nothing else to do whatsoever then yes, you won't like Hi Scores because its not that kind of place. This is a social gathering with free gaming, great food, great beer, and great signature drinks. I really don't know where some of the rest of you are going but I highly doubt it even scratches the surface of the enjoyment that is to be had at Hi Scores. But hey, if those boring and bland establishments are more your speed than by all means have at it. I'll probably just keep playing golf out on the patio with my jack and cokes never being made aware of your existence.To each their own but I come here every week for a reason, and those reasons are listed above. You can either stay home or come out and enjoy the night. Your choice.
5	Very fun place and great beer selection!  Will definitely be back on our next trip out that way.  Great place to go kick back and relax.  The aps were good too.
4	5 stars for food, 2 stars for game selection. I grew up playing video games with my siblings and am pretty good at em.  So when this whole concept of bar-cades started rolling out, I was super stoked!I checked this place out with my siblings and I definitely feel torn about this. Let me start by saying the food was beyond good!   We went with an order of the Guinness onion rings, pretzel bites with cheese and the pork fries. Everything was amazing!  The standout for me was definitely the onion rings. We also ordered some beer and they offer a decent selection of craft beers I found them to be a bit overpriced but not by much. The games. Not much, people.  The best thing there was the 4 player pac man game and Street Fighter ( I kicked ass with Chun Li!)  They are definitely lacking in the game area and I hope they have plans to bring in a bunch more games. Where's Contra? Simpsons? House of the Dead???
4	Appropriately based on its name, Hi Scores Bar-Arcade is a bar first, arcade second. If you're expecting dozens of classic arcade games, you've come to the wrong place. If you want a great selection of beer with a few video games as an added bonus, then Hi Scores will fit your needs.All the arcade games are free, which is nice. There are also four Xbox 360 systems available that you can reserve as long as your group is running a large enough tab. I'm guessing required tab size depends on how busy the place is. Our beer tab was only running about $50 and that was apparently enough to secure a booth the last time we went.The arcade highlight is definitely the Pac-Man Battle Royale machine. Quite addicting.
5	I love going to this place.  I'm a big video game guy, so I love that all of their games are free to play.  They have a PS3, a Wii, 4 360s, and a bunch of arcade games.  The stars of the game room are a Street Fighter II CE, Pac-Man Battle Royale (awesome,) and a 20 (I think) multi-game cocktail unit up front that has Joust and Robotron on it.The food is CRAZY good as well.  I have brought many people there only for the chicken wings.  They have 2 types, but I'm talking about the Szechuan wings, which I refer to as the best wings on the planet.  I've had other things there as well, but other than the Hangover Fries which are amazing... I usually stick to the wings.Service is always good too.  They have a lot of good looking girls working there, and the prices are great.  $25 for a beer tower, and when a game is on it goes down to $15.Now, if only there was one on the SW side of town... that's my only problem.  It takes me about 25 mins to get there, but that won't stop me...
5	Hit or miss for anybody.Definitely hit for me. Any place that has  STREET FIGHTERS is awesome. I didn't get the chance to try out the food.They have a big draft beer for $27  it is about 8 pints, or you can just get the small draft for $4.00 or the large for $5.50. Careful though because Vodka, grenadine, and red-bull was $8.00 and was only about 1 cup serving wise.The bathrooms are clean the bartenders are nice, overall the it is really a decent bar. (compared to some bars I have seen)Honestly I would recommend this places. I don't go to bar to judge it by the type of people in it but by the service and availibilty of games drinks ect.(I will probably edit this more I am still a little intoxicated)I had a great time. My first UYE thanks to Julie.
5	LOVE this place. In my opinion, WAY better than Insert Coin. Me and a friend stumbled upon this place on a Sunday night during the walking dead party (a show that I love). And was very pleased. As an arcade owner and enthusiast, this place is great. Still has room to grow but has the concept down already. Awesome beer, fun games, and GREAT atmosphere. I'm using to many caps. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
4	Oh my goodness is this place good.  The bar atmosphere (on both sides) is nicer than most. The service was great!  The food was such an interesting, delicious twist on the typical bar menu.  I highly recommend the bison burger and shrimp ceviche!  Headed back there soon!
3	Ok food, good beer but only have a few available,  free games if they work.
3	Well, I just went to Hi-Scores last night and was mildly impressed. The Food & Drink (3 out of 5): I ordered a steak salad and fries along with the Obsidian (sp?) beer. I did enjoy the food although I thought that there should've been a lot more of it. Trust me, I don't need to have claim jumper portions of food to eat, but I was still hungry enough afterwards that I went to one of my favorite ramen shops afterwards to fill up. The Service (4 out of 5): The service was very good from our server. She was friendly, and we didn't have to wait too long to get our food/drink order.The Games (3 out of 5):Okay, so it's great that the games are FREE here, but I just wish that they had a lot more of a selection of games to choose from. There were a lot of people in the main arcade area, so you had to wait a little bit before you got some playtime in.Overall, this is not a bad concept for a bar, and I do think that I'll probably come back again. At least now, I will know what to expect in the future.
4	Not comparable to IC. This joint is classy and friendly. Great drinks, amazing food, super friendly and informative staff, free games, AND free taxi's home if u drink too much.
2	Trying to take care of a few final Henderson restaurant reviews before I moved my office completely away from the area, I recently headed over to the Hi Scores Bar-Arcade to grab a burger and check out the scene. I have a friend that is a regular there, and speaks very highly of the staff, the space and their food so I figured it would be good lunch. Can going to a video game-based bar for lunch be a good idea?Located just off the 215 on Stephanie in a fairly isolated corner spot, the bar shares its building with another restaurant whose name escapes me at the moment. You step through the Hi Scores' side door into a confusing intersection of two spaces; a dark bar and a tight looking seating area with some arcade games. Since it was noon in the middle of the week, the regular dining area was completely empty so I headed into the bar side. The bar has 4 booths, a couple high tops and maybe 20 bar seats around a crazy TV display. The scene for my lunch was complete with bad music videos, plenty of smoking patrons and lasers on the walls. The 'restaurant' side extends behind this bar area and has plenty of booth seats as well as more video games. I've read many people online trying to compare this place to Insert Coins downtown because of the video game aspect; I will not really address this because I hate that place and they're not really the same thing.The menu has all sorts of Hawaiian items, sandwiches and crazy bar food that you'd probably want to eat if you're of the crowd that does plenty of snacking while gaming. Their one burger on the menu, the Pac Burger, is an angus patty topped with swiss and cheddar cheese, red onion, tomato and butter lettuce. The patty had great char flavor, but was still a bit too dry and overcooked considering it dripped and made a bit of a mess at first. The butter lettuce was insane for a second time in recent weeks (Poppy Den), is this a new trend to make something look dramatic? Well it's dumb. The LTO were all good, and the cheese was melted but not too present. The bun was very sweet, very dry and just took over the whole meal. All I could taste was the bun with each bite, more than the patty or anything else, and it ended up really taking away from the burger.The fries were of a slightly thick cut, and could have been decent if they weren't so undercooked and the cooking oil had gotten changed as it was definitely old and a bit foul. Plus they were so undercooked I think I actually tasted raw potato at one point. Based on this meal and some of the others I saw coming out from the kitchen, I think the food looks great but doesn't quite deliver. I'll also note that even though it was noon-ish on a weekday, it was fairly busy in the bar area and the only person serving all of us was the one waitress behind the bar. She did her best for the most part, but when she took my empty plate away at the end of my meal she also took my half empty iced tea. I thought maybe she was going to refill it, but when she returned with just my check I knew my drink was gone for good. I don't think I've ever seen that happen before but whatever, I guess it gives me something else to talk about. $7 for this burger isn't too bad, but when you add another $3.50 for raw potatoes and $3 for an iced tea that I wasn't able to finish, and you suddenly have a $14.59 meal that was way too much. As a whole I'd say if you're into video games and mediocre bar food this is probably a great place, but if you're looking for great food and great atmosphere this is probably not your destination.
3	4 stars for the ambiance, 2 stars for the food. I loved the fact that the games here are free and the place has a cool vibe. I ordered the teriyaki chicken wings.  It didn't seem very fresh even though they used a good quality product. The wings were also caked in a very thick, ultra sweet sauce. The drinks are reasonably priced and served cold. The music here is a little bit weird, kinda like stuff they play at Pure or The Bank. What is really great is that all the games here are free. If I was 10 years old I would probably be peeing in my pants. I mean, I am able to beat the ol school X-men game! If I tried to do that at a regular arcade, it would probably cost me 20 dollars in quarters! I might return here for the games and drinks but wouldn't come back here for the food.
3	They have a brilliant idea.  Capitalizing on the noise made by insert coins downtown, they've combined videogames and socializing in a bar atmosphere.  They also added food to the mix, which gives another possible bonus.However, several elements hold it back.  Expensive drink rates when considering the Henderson location is one big negative.  Another is the odd design, seeming to favor restaurant style booths and seating over videogame space - a thing that the bar claims as figure head.  If it is a video game bar - and it wants to be just that - then make it one.  Don't dance between restaurant/bar/games/etc.  Basically what arises is a case of unknown identity - a bar trying to be something without it knowing just what that is.  Doing one thing well is a sign of success, but trying to do almost everything and doing it poorly just ends up fizzling out.Finally, their choice to allow families is also confusing.  An adult bar with games is cool - but no one wants to hang around families while drinking.  It makes for an awkward mix.All this being said, it gets points for being independent and a creative and much needed option in Henderson.  There aren't many bars outside of PTs, Timbers, etc.  So a local choice that tries to be creative is refreshing and welcome.
3	This is a fun bar with video games and some decent beers on tap. We sat at a 4 person table top Pac-Man game and played and drank, which was super fun and reminded me of being a kid. There are a couple sofas set up to play more serious games (like the first person shooter type games). There's also a separate bar, that seemed to be more adult friendly with video poker and TVs.
4	A diamond in the rough! Attended the Premiere night for WalkingDead and it was a packed house with great service! Bartenders were genuinely nice, servers were attentive and accommodating, and the product was great! Great craft beer list, tasty appetizers (the wings were bomb....) and a very fun atmosphere!Certainly not for everyone... but if you are able to put pretentions aside, you'll have a good time here...
4	Great place to play some games and have a drink or two. It is much better than Insert Coins where you have to pay to play the games and the vibe is very chill. The food I have had is not the best but I am a vegetarian and have not tried many things. The drinks are average priced and they seem to have a variety of options. The staff is friendly and helpful. I love the location and although less ritsy than Insert Coins I feel more comfortable here.
1	Drinks not comp when playing and very hi price. There is a reason it closed before, Food was so so for bar foodHi priced
4	When this new trend of these video game bars started I kinda rolled my eyes and wondered why a grown adult would want to go to a place like this. Ok, so they proved I was being a pretentious butt and I was dead wrong. A few weeks ago a friend and her husband said for  me to meet them here and I'm so glad I did. First off I don't think that smoking is allowed in here or at least the place was so well ventilated that I didn't notice it. That says a lot because I'm VERY sensitive to smoke so it's nice to have a place where I can sit at a bar and not get chocked to death. They have Pendelton's bourbon so they are winning in my book. The bartender was friendly and attentive. Total a+ for me.After enjoying a few beverages at the bar, my friends wanted to place some games. At first I wasn't that excited until I saw all the vintage games. I was VERY excited when I saw that they has asteroids. As a kid I had an actual asteroids video game on my back porch so it was a great blast from the past. I am no where near as good as I use to be but it was fun to try. The best part is that all the games are free!!!I know we ate and remember saying it was good but for the life of me I can't remember what we ate. We had had SEVERAL drinks at that point so pardon my lapse in memory. My end review is that I really liked this place even though I wanted to hate it. I guess there is always a kid in all of us.
3	I've only been here twice but have a feeling they may depart from being a "barcade" and just be a bar.A lot of the games weren't working the last time I was there. It was during the day, so I realized later that maybe they were just off. The few games we did play were mostly OK but the driving game I played wasn't working properly. The beer selection is great, and they had a Stone tap takeover for a weekend, which is cool. The music is awful, it's mostly rap/hip-hop or whatever is similar to that. I can put up with it for free video games for a while.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars, but Yelp won't let me. Sometimes no matter how much you may enjoy the food, the management is sickening. Stay away.
3	Went here with a group for a monthly get together and it really was the perfect outing. We arrived at 6:45p and the place was pretty much empty. We got a table in the gaming area to wait for our friends. The waitress arrived promptly though her knowledge of their extensive beer list was severely lacking (also their beer list was a handwritten copy, on receipt paper). We ordered dinner and it arrived quickly.  Two of our friends arrived shortly after and were also served quickly. I ordered the Fig it Out (bison burger with fig jam, gorgonzola and peppered bacon).  The burger itself was delicious unfortunately it was not peppered bacon that came with my burger but very maple bacon and it was over-powering. The boyfriend ordered steak sticks which were shockingly small but he said they tasted good. We shared the Chorizo/egg french fries which were very good, only wish it came with more.  By the time we were done eating the rest of our group had arrived and the place really started to fill up. We were glad we had arrived early as the game room was packed and we were lucky enough to have secured the pac-man game and the two beer pong tables. The pac-man game was a huge hit with everyone and we loved playing the old school arcade games for free nonetheless. The place was totally packed by 8:30 and service came to a screeching stop, they clearly needed more waitress and even the bar staff was slow and it took some serious flagging down to get a beer. It would've been great if the arcade games had drink holders as more than one beer bottle hit the floor around the room. This place really is fun but the game area is too small for the business they are bringing in and on a Saturday night they need more service people.
5	Its big, its wrapped in bacon, its deep fried and the Old School games are FREE. Beer on Tap
3	I'm split down the middle on this one.  The place has so much more potential than what it is.  The games are free and in good working condition.  The food was good for bar food, but not really anything special either.  The service was ok, although the waitresses we saw were more interested in their phones and each other than the customers.  I would recommend this place for a good guys night out as you can play head to head games for free, the beer is cold and reasonably priced and the atmosphere is easy going with plenty of TVs for sports or videos.
5	Do you love video games? I'm talking about the old coin-op cabinet games from the arcades here, not just consoles.  How would you like to go to a place where they have many, many arcade games (that all work and aren't trashed by the way) that you can play as long as you want ......for free!  They've got many of the all-time favorite classics like Ms. Pacman, Centipede, Asteroids etc. They even have the totally rad (yes I grew up in the 80's so this place is like what my idea of a dream arcade would have been back then) game PacMan VS: which is a game that lets four people sit at a table with the screen in the middle. Each person controls a different Pac Man on the same map at the same time. It's crazy and fun!To top it off, you can choose from a huge menu of beers and other drinks and eat a burger, sandwich, salad or just some appetizers (their onion rings are to die for!) while you are playing.  The place is decorated with diamond tread metal, sleek futuristic touches, air brush painted murals on the walls and has 8-bit and techno music playing loud enough to be heard over the hubub of conversation, but not so loud that you can't hear the sound effects on the video games.  They also have kareoke after 9 pm.My wife and I both had huge sandwiches (she had the Havana: a Cuban style pork sandwich and I had the Fig It Out: the above mentioned bison burger), onion rings with molasses & Guiness sauce, bottomless soft drinks for only $30.  We stayed for a couple of hours and played at least $10 worth of video games had we been required to put in quarters.  I loved it! I may have my next birthday party there.
1	My husband and I just left Hi-Scores about 30 min ago and we both agreed we will not be going back! First, we couldn't find parking and so we had to park in the hotel parking lot next door. (That doesn't really bother us because we like to walk sometimes) Second, we go into the place and after we get our wrist bands (for being over 21) we just walked around aimlessly becuase no one had said where to go or anything about the place. We were so lost! So we end up by the games and luckily there was a guy sitting there and he asked if we have ever been there and then told us a little about the games. That helped for a few minutes but we had originally come to watch the walking dead. So after playing a game of pinball we start to walk and came across the 21 and over bar. We found a seat and had ordered our drinks. I had ordered coke and a water and my husband ordered a beer. It took 10 minutes to get just the coke and water. Then another 10 just for his beer! Sad thing is we were sitting right across from the bar and probably could have walked up and gotten it faster. The other thing that we couldn't stand was how noisy it was considering lots of people were there to watch the show. I understand it is a bar but when you have something like that going on they could have at least closed the doors to the gaming room or the front door! My husband and I will have to watch it again tomorrow to actually hear what they were saying. We felt so weird being there because it seemed like it was just someone's house party and we were the outsiders. Everyone stared at us because we hadn't been there before. But what confuses me is why no one showed us or told us about the other side of the building to the "players club"!?!?! And besides the pretzel bytes I didn't see anything else I liked on the menu. We won't be going here again!! Don't go unless you are best friends with the owner! Otherwise you will be lost and left out of everything and have poor service!
3	I wil start out by saying I love the idea of this place and will definitely go back.  I just think it could be a little bit better.  I've really been wanting to go here for some time but haven't made it the half mile from my house.  Well, my buddy text me and said he was there with some friends but they were all leaving.  Never to leave a man behind I headed on over.  He had been sitting in the dining area and I suggested we moved into the bar to get faster service.  And then we sat there for 10 minutes.  Then we ordered some beers from the completely outdated, confusing beer menu and waited for another 10 minutes to get our drinks.That's pretty much where my complaining ends but it's just enough to not be a four or five star joint for me.  As the night went on we found out from our pretty amazing server that she was one of two people with all the keys to the place so everyone needed her at many different times.  I was in a good mood so once I knew that, it didn't really bother me.  She was extremely knowledgable about beers and when she saw that we were as well she took plenty of time to tell us what was coming up and other places for their rotation.  Since this is a place that is or wants to be known for Craft Beer they should have an up-to-date menu.  They do have a TV screen that lists the Craft Beer on tap but it's on two pages that change every 2 to 3 minutes.  Those pages should alternate every 20-30 seconds so people don't have to wait so long.  I think this place is great with all the tap rotation they do so maybe they should get iPads or something to make it easier for the ever-changing menu.  As I said, I will be back and really hope to update my review!
4	This place is somewhat of a drive for me based off where I live in Vegas but the nights that I have gone- all visits taking place on Sundays during their Walking Dead Viewing Parties- I've had a great time. The staff is very friendly, fun, and helpful. Good food, free games, karaoke on certain nights, and they offer a drink special from time to time. Vendors usually show up (on Walking Dead nights) too with cool Zombie gear to purchase. I did have one bad drink- a margarita that was literally all salt... ALL SALT. But the staff quickly offered a new drink and did not charge me for the original salty margarita so they clearly take care of their visitors There are also a lot of regulars which makes it a comfortable place to re-visit; even if you don't personally know each person.
3	The place is super cool. The server we had was the most incredibly rude, pained person I have ever encountered. It was embarrassing. The place was dead, (two other patrons), and bringing our order was like asking her to fly to the moon for us. (P.S. I loved the games, bathroom, atmosphere). But with service like that there's a reason why there were only 2 other people there.
2	Horrible! I was so excited to come here because my friends and family talk about it all the time. We got into Vegas, met my brother for some drinks and couldn't wait to get out of there. The place is nice, but the service is horrible. There was literally 3 people sitting at the bar, our group of 5 sitting outside and 3 other people playing on one of the games on the patio. The 3 in our group already had drinks so my husband went to the bar to get us a drink. 15 minutes later, he finally gets helped. The bartender didn't pick her head up at all to help him, apparently she's not a great multi-tasker. He also said that she gave a guy about $40 extra in change, but lucky for her he told her she gave him too much. My sister in law said they didn't have the drink she wanted even though it said in big bold letters on their tv menu that they had it. Apparently they didn't have ANY of the beers listed on their TV menu. How hard is it to change that? My brother went up later to get a new beer, he asked her what kind of IPA's they had. She named one, but sounded like there was more so they just looked at eachother until my brother asked if that was it. She said yes. Then he said "What else do you have?" She said "As far as what?" he said,....anything? She grabbed the drink menu and threw it at him. Seriously???We then wanted to order some food and she got upset about that so my husband just ordered from another guy that was running around like crazy because apparently he was the only one that wanted to work. (it is around midnight at this time, which is not late in Vegas standards). The food was interesting which is why they are getting 2 stars instead of 1. My husband got the hangover burger, and I just got pretzel bites. But the menu was really neat, too bad I won't go back to try any of it.My brother wanted to play beer pong.....$36. No thank you. For being a local bar/restaurant, they really screw over the locals, and make you have a horrible time while you're there. So upset that this place sucked as bad as it did.
1	None of the games work properly. Good beer specials, but so does PT's. Very small and the service was horrible. Ill pass on this place.
1	So I don't know if I was just tired, but I did not enjoy coming here. I'm usually the type of girl that's down for a night cap at the local bar down the street. So when this place was brought up instead of our usual PTs down the street, I was down to try a new place.Like I said, I only got a few hours of sleep the night before and I knew I had work early the next morning, but I tried to keep an open mind. Plus who doesnt like alcohol. When we got there, music was waay too loud. Only played rock music the entire time we were there so that was one star taken off. Second, there was nothing that held my attention. At least at PTs, there are multiple televisions that have different channels so there's at least one thing I can focus on. Nope, not here. Only thing that kept my attention was the local news. Who plays the news at a bar?? Anyways, we ordered the Chinese meatballs, which sounded amazing on the menu. They were totally undercooked. You could still taste the raw meat-ness of it. I don't know if that's a word, but yeah. And it was covered in this soy sauce/diabetes marinade that was overpowering. I could hardly finish one. Only saving grace was that my drink was delish.Lastly, I don't play video games, nor do I have any interest in them. So coming here wasn't going to be a 5 star rating anyway. I felt uncomfortable the entire time because despite the female bartender, I was the only other female in the place, except for a group of girls that walked in when we were almost finished. I don't think I'll be back here. Especially since I was bored out of my mind.
1	This was my second time back. My first time here was cool but not really review worthy. I mean the food was good but nothing to rave about. However my second time here is review worthy. The experience was horrible. My party of 4 sits down and we are greeted by our waiter 20 minutes later. The waiter explains he is the only waiter working this night and the only waiter for the 2 group parties that night as well. So he take our drink orders and or food orders. we get our drinks {which by the way was water} 15 minutes later. My party and I are already annoyed at this point, the waiter tells us that the couple we are with that their orders can not be done because they have ran out of chicken and beef, so our friends decide to cancel their order and leave. My husband and I stayed because they were able to finish our orders. So our food gets to us 45 minutes after the food is okay a total of  2 hours of horrible service and a very unenjoyable time. Oh and we never got refills on water!. The waiter has the nerve to give us the bill and charge us full price, no courtesy discount for the obvious horrible service given to us. We speak with the manager who could be less caring and less apologetic about the service provided. This guy takes no pride in being a service manager for this facility. So bottom line great place to come to for the games and the bar. But stay clear of the food/restaurant portion of this place. Never again will we come back here and the horrible service scared our friends away it was trheir first time here.
4	I was SUPER excited to check this place out when I heard they had $12 unlimited craft beer nights on Tuesdays, but it turns out they only had one keg/night... bummer. Regardless, my group still had a great time! Food: I ordered a chicken sandwich that was decent. The chicken was tender but the bread was too dry. Fries were sub par. Service: The waitresses are super friendly and really nice! They gave good recommendations and were great about checking back in with us. Environment: You get a whole range of people here which makes the place cool and unique. Definitely an interesting sort!Games & Entertainment: AWESOME. SO. FUN. Seriously. Get yo drank on and then play a bunch of classic arcade games! But the best part is, they're ALL FREE. Yeah. Free.99. They have this classic Simpson game that I played when in the late 90s, driving games, Galaga, and some shooting games. The best game was this cannibalistic Pacman game that my group got lightweight addicted to. They also have karaoke which is a blast after those craft beers and BEER PONG! All for free. I'll skip on the food, but I'll forsure be back to get down with the karaoke,  classic arcade games and beer pong again!
3	I'm always a fan of drinking while gaming so I decided to check the place out.Atmosphere was OK but could use a little more decor. The food was actually good for bar food. I had some chicken strips with jalapeno sauce. Nice light breading, very spicy and good.  Husband had a Bison burger. It was a little over done but not bad, fresh ingredients, good fries. There's also a decent beer selection with happy hour specials until 7pm.The game options were a little disappointing. I enjoyed Centipede and the car race game but the Simpsons pinball was broken. Also a fun multiplayer Pacman. Just could have used a few more options. There were some other games like virtual golf and darts but they were on the patio and it's just too hot for that right now. Maybe I'll go back when it cools down some.
4	Craft beer. Free video games. I'll say it again: FREE video games. This technicolour bar in Henderson (just outside of Vegas), allows its patrons to get their drink and nerd on simultaneously, which pleases my inner geek. Even if you're usually not a gamer, HI-Scores  selection is sure to change your mind as they have an amazing collection of vintage ones (I'm talking games you haven't seen since you were a kid. Tell me that isn't tempting?). Witty decor, killer bar food and a great selection of drinks if only one reason this place  is amazing. It's a bit of a trek from the Strip, but worth it.Things of note: Walking Dead viewing parties with the cast of "Evil Dead: The Musical". $12 unlimited craft beer night on Tuesdays.Make sure to try: The Bison Burger.
4	Great food, good drinks, karaoke on Tuesdays! What more can you ask for. I always try to get Matt the bartender. Very sweet good working guy. Love the games, always come back on Tuesdays. Overall great staff and good people!
3	This place wasn't bad.  I love a good beer, and this place has a few options, but their website listed one in particular that I chose, and the bartender said it was an "old one" that they hadn't had for a while. The other options were decent - some run-of-the-mill  beers, some really tasty and less common.  I didn't try the food that others seemed to enjoy.The problem was, the pint I ordered (Rogue Hazel Brown) was $9 and those outrageous prices aren't listed. The highlight was the free games, but I really did expect a larger selection/variety. The main one that drew our attention was the South Park pinball game, but it wasn't working or was missing balls or something. All-in-all, I enjoyed myself, spent about $55 for 2.5 hours of entertainment (between the tight video poker and the expensive beers), and I probably won't go back.
3	I am a fan!!! I normally hate drinking just because of the taste of alcohol but I really enjoyed the apple cider ale while playing video games. I gave them three stars because they need to put in cup holders with their arcade games. The games are a bit out of date but there are some fun ones. Plus, nothing beats FREE games.
3	Don't get a salad here. Can't speak on the other food, but got a chicken Caesar and it tasted strange. Smelled and tasted strange. The croutons were stale and the dressing was way too vinegary. Just tasted off, so I called and went back to get another salad, which they kindly replaced... Just got the iceberg salad with bacon, tomatoes, and grilled chicken with ranch thinking it's simple and would be hard to mess up but it STILL tasted weird! There's just this unsettling smokey taste, the chicken was undercooked this time, and the bacon was questionable. I know people don't just hit up bars for salads haha but I was a bit disappointed :/ I read the reviews and it seems like bad service was the issue and their food was spot on but my first experience here wasn't all that great. $11 for a salad I didn't enjoy or finish :( sad face.
3	I don't know if I should be reviewing the place. But the meer size of the place (small). Drove me out the door when I walked in. There were maybe 20 people there and it was packed. Sometimes that can leave a weird feeling. I didn't know that the games were free and I just popped in to see how many beers they had on tap. Looked like 5-8??  Not enough for me. Ill have to stop in again. Slam down some brews and have some bacon wrapped corn dawgs like a bawssss.  And it might change my mind.
3	We came on a Monday evening and ordered 1. Pulled BBQ pork fries, $72. House wings, Buffalo, $10 3. Fish and chips, $12for $5 (Used $15 Groupon valued at $30) - Came during Monday night football. Watch the Broncos slaughter Raiders. Ouch. Lots of TV, easy to see. Niners welcome here for sure. - The highlight of our meal was unfortunately the appetizer, which was the pulled bbq pork fries. Great BBQ taste. - 10 house wings with carrots and celery. Worse than wing stop. Almost like frozen Tyson. $1 a wing fail. - 3 battered fish with fries and colesaw were slightly filling. I enjoyed how the tartar sauce tasted sweet. Fish was unimpressive. A bit better than Long John's but not something you would come here to get.- Best reason to come here is to play the arcades! Free group games. We played virtual bowling, golf and darts. Games and entertainment definitely compensate for the higher-priced food. Put your rolling skills to the test! Make sure you bring gloves or wash hands thoroughly afterwards! HAHA. Dont leave drinks in front of roller...fail.
5	Fun. Love the game atmosphere. Good was good. Bartender was really nice. Would  definitely come back.
1	The bartender, a tall bald headed guy, he sucks.  We wanted to order food and the people sitting next to us could not believe he was ignoring the entire side of the bar we were on.  He was focused on 4 guys sitting on the other side of the bar.  Worst server EVER.  Last time we were here the bartender was awesome, this guy, I will turn around and walk out next time he is here.
4	I went here on a tuesday night and they were doing Karaoke. The crowd was great, they offered a $12 all you could drink beer, and free video games! How awesome is that! The Karaoke people were funny and polite. I had a great time and will be going back for sure.
4	This is a nice place on my side of town that has free games and a good atmosphere.  Drinks and food are a little pricey, but they do offer some tasty eats.  Don't be scared to try something new - you'll probably like it!But if you want to stay normal, try the sliders.  They're great too.Service can be a little slow, but at least there's tons of free games to play while you wait!  This makes it WAY better.  =)It also seems like there is always something going on every night, which is really awesome when you're looking for something to do.  Try out the karaoke nights or The Walking Dead view parties (Sundays) - always a good time!
5	Free arcade games. Yes please! Games are older but those are the best ones I think . I really liked the pinball machine and wish they had another one. They have a pretty good selection of draft beer and $2 fireball shots on happy hour. Our server was friendly and enjoyable. The food was nothing to write home about but not bad. I like the small patio outside. Perfect for nice weather
3	I was really excited to see this place pop-up and have been meaning to stop in for awhile now. Well, I finally did stop in and I was slightly disappointed.  It's not nearly as big inside as it looks. The bar takes up most of the space and there are some high tables and a handful of booths. There is another room with games and some screens. Just really a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be. First, ALL games are free to play. The food was pretty dang good, the sliders were spot on and the pretzel bites tasted great. The beer was spot on! They have quite a few great beers on TAP. We'll be back again but I just wish they had more space. I wouldn't bring a party bigger than 6.
3	OK, though I swear I was never coming back here again, upon recommendation on one of my friends I had some birthday drinks there.The place still isn't a wowzers-you-must-go, but it has gotten significantly better.The drinks are poured heavy, which is always a good start. Their cocktail menu has gotten larger, but the size of them have not. I ordered a Princess Peach (which was a peach schnapps drink) that was really good but in a glass the size of a lowball. For $8 a pop or so I would have expected more. The server still didn't know what a Long Beach Iced Tea was, but at least they didn't try to fight back when I ordered it. I just got a "Well, the bartender will probably know!" and Abby was off with a smile.On that note, our server Abby was very pleasant and took really great care of us. The servers were nice before but nice and knowledgeable is the way to go.Last time I said their menu featured things on sticks and things I could make in my home crock-pot. While they still really favor sticks, the food is MUCH better quality. The Hangover Fries (pulled pork, fried egg, atop fries) was pretty damn good, and the Bacon-Wrapped Corn Dogs are kinda amazeballs. I tried some of my friend's Angry Birds chicken wings, and they were spicy but not TOO spicy, which is just how I like it.The games area was still on the small side, but their selection of games is a little better too. I served pain (and had it served back) on some Injustice and saved Springfield on the classic "Simpsons" beat-em-up. You know what I mean... the one where they all looked like they were fresh off of "The Tracy Ullman Show." One thing we did notice is due to the small space, we were challenged by a bunch of people we didn't know to beer pong, which was kind of fun (Team Gay lost to Team Straight). Something like that probably wouldn't happen in INSERT COIN(S).All in all, I don't hate the place anymore. I didn't press my luck with The Player's Club next door, as that experience was too miserable to redeem. But now if someone recommends Hi-Scores, I won't throw up in my mouth a little.
2	Came here for a night out with friends and was excited about the idea of free games. After my entire evening the biggest draw remains the free games. There area for actual games is very small as is the bar. There was a group of 5 of us so we decided to grab a table and order some drinks. Our waitress was horrible. I don't know if they were short staffed or what but after being seated and taking our drink orders we waited at least 20 minutes for cocktails. I hadnt ordered with the group bc i was late but I went to the bar came back finished my drink before she came back to take our food orders. We literally saw her twice in an hour and a half worth of eating and drinking. It was faster getting my cocktail directly from the bar. The food is ok I had the breakfast sliders which alone are decent they come with a  side of gravy which is flavorless. As a whole I wasn't impressed with Hi-Scores and wouldn't make the trip across town to come back.
3	I think I like this place. Lots of classic video games! And they're free. However some real classics are missing: no Mortal Kombat Machines, No NBA Jam, No Street Fighter 2, etc... If you're going to do this you should make sure you have the essentials. Food was standard bar food. The pork seems to be the standout (on whatever it's on.) I was stunned to find out that despite serving street tacos they don't have salsa. They don't even have Mexican Hot Sauce. What? The beer list is pretty amazing. However the draft list is nowhere to be found except the waitress's brain (and large portions of the establishment can't see the bar proper.) and the bottle list doesn't include prices, which is pretty terrifying when you realize some bottles are exorbitantly priced. You can't randomly charge 25 bucks for a beer that's six bucks at the liquor store and not warn us in advance. That's not fair.The themed mix drinks are quality. Happy hour goes till 7 every day and is fairly reasonable. This place has potential.
1	Went there on Saturday afternoon and completely disappointed. Music was so loud and distaste. Video games not on, beer pong tables sticky and nasty. I was there when first open and a lot of fun. Now just dirty and  uninviting. I wish i could give no stars...don't waste your time here.
4	Great place to watch the game! It's a 49ers bar, so beware if you are not and expect to watch your team play. However I came in to watch the Saints game, which happened to be on the same time as the Niners. They accommodated us by turning the tvs in the back dining room to my game. The food here is not what you expect by the outdoor and indoor decor. It's actually VERY tasty and they have a wide variety. The Pulled Pork Fries are to die for! We also got a 100 oz beer tower for only $15. Can't beat that!
4	After more frequent visits and finally having their food, I'm more comfortable with the idea that this place will be sticking around. The Thursday $10 Burger & Beer is very good. Bartenders are friendly and helpful, & the beer selection is excellent. I haven't checked the state of the arcade games in a while but love the outdoor bowling game!
4	I've been here a few times with work friends. I'll start by saying that I'm not sports fan, so I don't come here to watch any games; however, they did have plenty of TV's playing football. I enjoy this place because I like beer and whiskey...they have a good beer selection (lots of interesting stuff on tap), but could have a better whiskey selection. Some more top shelf stuff would be nice. Food is actually really good. Last time I got their house salad with chicken, which was really fresh and delicious. Sadly, they were out of the ahi poke even though it was only 7 pm when we got there. And damn, I wish this place were bigger. Once you get 10+ people playing the games in the arcade room, it does start to get packed. However, there is plenty of seating and we always get there early, so it's not much of an issue.
5	Really interesting place! Honestly, I went here for the karaoke, but I had a great time. The games are free, they have a ton of craft beers, which is totally my thing. Also, this is a two sided place, so the other side stays open 24 hours, which is much more laid back and much more like a regular, non descript Vegas bar. Food is 24 hours. I think I tried some one time, but I don't remember it because I had partaken in those delicious craft beers. They also (on tuesdays?) do a $20 all you can drink from a particular keg (or particular brand of keg).. I really enjoyed it.
5	Great place to hangout off the strip. Food is pretty good, and the staff is very helpful and friendly. The games are great for a bit of friendly competition, and are free. I believe you only have to pay for the beer for beer pong. I have not yet visited the place next door, but it looks a little bit more upscale and laid back. I will be back!
2	Slow slow slow bartenders..I thought id give it a 2nd chance. Still deadly bad, and I was in a hurry too, but still not good
5	Writing a review for a bar always feels weird to me.  Everyone has their own tastes about what they like and our looking for.   Hi-Scores to me is just a great place to come hang out and relax.  Beers are cold and decently priced.  Food has always been good.  The one thing that separates Hi-Scores is the free games though.  You really can't beat playing a random game of bowling/mini-golf/golden tee against your friends for free.  TV's are setup all around the place, so if you want to watch the game, there isn't a bad set in the house.
3	3.5 starsI live right down the road from here so I finally tried it with a groupon. Sat at a booth on the side of the bar and was served quickly by a friendly server. I hated that, every time the door opened, there was a serious draft, but apparently there are some games on their outdoor patio that people go in and out for. I'll check those out when it gets warmer. Food was typical for a bar but very good. Hubby had pulled pork sliders and thought they were great but would have added cheese. I had burger sliders and upgraded to garlic/parmesan fries for a buck. Yum! Huge beer selection.  There really aren't as many arcade games as I thought there'd be but I had a ton of fun playing the ones they had (and they're all FREE. Free's my favorite!). I haven't had that much fun playing pac-man in years and they have a few cool pinball games. The arcade area itself is pretty small so it can get crowded (and smokey, ugh).  I'd go back for drinks and gaming since it's close. Probably wouldn't travel out of my way if I had to, though.
4	Can't deny I had a great time! This Barcade is for adults like chuck e cheeses is for kids! However they could invest a little money and get some big title multi games as well as make some repairs to the games they have! They have an enjoyable selection of spirits and beers. The food was delicious and a better menu than some other local bars! The only reason it's not a 5 star was the lack of Big Title Games ie Donkey Kong, Street fighter,Tron etc....But Still GREAT Times!!! .......oh and the Staff was very friendly and helpful!!!
4	This place has easily won me over. Combining a bar that serves appropriately priced drinks with a room filled with FREE TO PLAY arcade games is a glimpse of what my own personal Valhalla looks like. Childhood arcade favorites such as Ms. Pac Man, X-Men, Asteroids, Centipede, and The Simpsons along with 5 different pinball machines, a 4 player competitive twist on the original Pac Man, game consoles with projection screens, and a beer pong table complete with LED lights can all be found within this mecca of entertainment. If this isn't enough for you, feel free to head to the bar to gamble on the standard casino games such as blackjack, video poker, and keno.I was so close to giving Hi-Scores five stars but I had to take one away because on each occasion I have had food here, it has been nothing better than standard bar faire. However, an update could be forthcoming as I will undoubtedly return to delve deeper into the menu.
4	Typical bar food. Not bad not good just typical it is a bar after all. With that said it has a nice local watering hole feel.  I hate that all the bars in Vegas have video gambling on the bar top. No points off for that. If you get lucky you can grab the corner stools with no machines. Crowd was young I would say early 20's to early 30s.  Arcades are free which is a nice distraction. This is also a 49ers bar for you football lovers
4	This place is pretty awesome  it's Like a step up from insert coins! !! Same concept alcohol music arcade games.   The drinks are strong but 10$ for an AMF  they have machines at the bar to. Smoking section out side. All the arcade games are free.With purchase of big bear tap they provide beer pong. Crazy but amazing food !!
3	Well, here's the thing.   I love the concept of this place... BUT even though the games were on free play, they needed some work.  We were there on a weeknight and arrived late... not sure how late, maybe midnight?  We had a group of people who could have fixed all their games if they'd just had a key, darn it, but a lot of the games are old, ratty, and/or not working properly.  Still fun to play for free and for people who don't already live with all these games in your garage, I bet it would be pretty fun.Our server was super sweet and she was friendly and stayed on top of checking on us.  Because it was late and I was driving, I stuck to Diet Coke, but they seemed to have a good beer selection and the prices seemed reasonable.  We didn't have any food on this occasion, but when we're back in town one day, I think we'll swing by and give them another try.it was A-OK and definitely worth a return visit.
5	Awesome place! Great drinks and bar food. The bartender made an excellent margarita that wasn't too sweet or too sour. Good gaming and fun arcade games. Will definitely be back! This place is better than Timbers down the street.
5	This place is awesome. The staff is super cool and the menu is awesome too. The neighborhood needed a place like this. Why would anybody go to Timbers or even PT's when there is HiScores! Keep up the great work ;-)
4	Tuesday night karaoke! That's where it's at. Still trying to find the best karaoke spots in town. HI-Scores interested me because they have free karaoke on Tues AND all-you-can-drink tap for $12. It's a new mystery keg each week. I don't know what to think of this place. There were aspects of high-win, then aspects of low-fail. There was not much middle ground. So, I guess I'll pair a high-win with an low-fail and see how it goes. High-win: The place is nice, typical Nevada style pub, lot of leg room to move around. Low-fail: It's a fairly sized place. They had three people working there when I went. It wasn't crowded and the waitress was really nice, but I had to go looking for her several times to get what I wanted. There's no hostess and the bartenders were a joke. It kinda reminded me of a BYOB party.... kinda like, c'mon in, and do whatever you want. "It's our house, we can do what we want to...."High-win: FREE PLAY! Nothing like spending twenty minutes playing pinball for NOTHING! Low-fail: Ok, the clientele, I'm going to be brutally honest, well... let's just say, if you're going to look at eye-candy, this is not the place. Oh... and the place is full of bad tippers, which might explain the bartenders' atrocious behavior. High-win: All-you-can-drink for $12! (at least on Tues). Food was surprisingly good. I ordered the bacon wrapped corndogs, which were just ok but they were some of the best fries I've had in awhile. Ok, I was starving and drunk. Damn, those fries tasted good. Low-fail: The place is confusing. It's hard to get service. The menu is limited. And did I mention the bartenders are twats? Ok, good. **So if you're a nerd, a geek, a gamer... bring your meetup here! You'll fit right in. But you'll have to forgive the non-existent service and limited food menu.**
4	I am a beer fanatic and they have a great selection here for a small bar. The staff let me try many different kinds and are happy to help. Good local place for great beers.
2	Concept great. Be advised: the menu is changing, so there were NOT nearly the selection as listed on the menu online. Not sure if this means ownership change or what. After the food came, hope they change the menu quickly!Food wise, the battered bacon corn dogs were a fail, bacon unraveled and was not cooked, and all the batter fell off at first bite. Hubs got the nachos, have had better at a baseball  game. Fake cheese, poor quality tortilla chips...I tried it and it *was* truly aweful. We ended up sending it back. The fries that came with my plain hot dog (after the batter and bacon fell off) weren't too bad. Service wise, they seemed adequately staffed for a Saturday night. Nice waitstaff, if a little busy. Bar area quite noisy, of course.Settings weren't bad, the restaurant is set up with different areas. There is a nice outside area where someone was celebrating a 21st birthday; they looked like they were having a great time. Lots of booths, which I like.Video games: I didn't see Galaga, my favorite. As another Yelper posted, it seems that a lot of the games aren't working correctly. I looked up my controls on Joust (another favorite) and the flap button was definitely not working...so that was frustrating. Hubs was irritated at his lousy beer and nachos and wanted to get out of there before I got to try the pinball machines; it looked like some of those were working. 2 stars because the food & beer was so bad. It could have been 3 or 4 because it really is a cool concept. I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I'll go back and order a soda and check out all the games I didn't get to try. :)
4	I've come here a few times before.  Each time i come by I get reminded that this place is pretty great.  Everyones first reaction is to compare it to the fabled Insert coins of downtown.  But with how much that place has degenerated from niche bar to overhyped dance joint. I feel as though they're different categories.  What i expect to get from Hi-scores is Craft beer at a decent price.  A calm but still visually appealing vibe to the place.  It's enough to spark conversation about the things around the bar (pressure goo table things, free arcades) but it's still quiet and calm enough to feel comfortable to just stop by for a few of their craft beers on tap and enjoy after work.Speaking of which they have a great selection of craft beers.  If you're looking to sip on something different, my bet is they'll have a good enough selection to wet your whistle.  Food here is solid for bar food.  They got things like bison burgers, bacon wrapped corn dogs, and other tasty stuff.  And all the games were free to play.  I say worth the go
5	You gotta check this place out!  The food is always great - a gormet twist on bar-food.  I pretty much stay on the "Player's Club" (21 & over) side.  Mike the bartender is truly a Mixologist - Top Notch all the way, and one of my favorite bartenders in a city filled with bars.       Last night they had a new performer - Hal Savar - he was GREAT! I was amazed at his range of genres. Very entertaining.  Love this place!!!
4	Talk about taking ride in time machine back too the 1980-90s. Not speaking of the decor or the food or anything about the place but the ARCADE games. OMG. Awesome. Not only because that my generation one that never knew first person games, online games, or hell X-box or PS1-4. Plus hearing about it from my roommate Roy that all the games were FREE play and the diversity of throwback games, I was psyched that just so happen too be close by and hanging out drinking with Roy suggested Hi-Scores Bar-Arcade. Outside the Arcade games (for me that made up for the rest) not very well maintain establishment. The set up is rather odd. In the same building you have two separate bars and bring in two different crowds. I think might have been set up specifically one side have your gamers (could call different crowd all by itself) with free games, and the other bar upscale looking still have games but none of them are free. One side older crowd versus the younger crowd. Either way found it different for better or worst?? One big plus for the non free games they have BUBBLE hockey! Hockey fan worth star by itself!!! Back too the side  that was getting my arcade fix in.  I felt like any kid from HI would know Fun Factory days flashback just better cause can drink too. It broken down too three different section of games. First one went have some pinball machines, street fighter type of games, others the best part of this section is the multi player PAC-MAN game up too four players, or beer pong set up. Another section along the side that my favorite cause they had MS PAC-MAN and couple multi games or greatest hits from Donkey Kong, Dig Dug, could go on and on. Each game never been more excited too play arcade game in bar. It lot more fun playing arcade games then losing money in poker machine or thinking just one card away or hand making all life worries go away. Just me. The outside section little patio area has four games that are more current games. Golden Tee. Also television throughout the bar so playing favorite game watching sports same time. Only downfall with most of the games being older is some the controls not work or something off about it. Still more then enough games find something too play plus lets be real for free. Got nothing too complain about. The bar interesting is separate by itself with the three arcade sections around it. Bar nothing special about it. Normal bar with televisions around, games at the bar all around square shape, and booth and tables around the outside. Not sure if have waitress that walks around the arcade sections. We just wound up going too the bar each time. They do have decent selection of craft beers on tap. The food have no idea. We just went for arcade fix in and drinking on. If your gamer definitely going too enjoy Hi-Scores. If not then nothing really much would excite person too stop by. I enjoy the free arcade games. If lived nearby by looking for cheap entertainment free games, couple drinks with friends, and hang out.  I would stop by more often.
4	Ok, I absolutely LOVE this retro arcade bar. Great selection of beers. Great food. Free arcade games. Great place to come w/friends. Friendly servers. Price is average, I wanna say 5,14-16oz, beers cost around $30- forgot exactly cuz when you have 5 beers in one setting, things get a little fuzzy. I want to specifically mention the HANGOVER FRIES. I was a little skeptical at first, because of the chorizo, but one bite and you'll wet your pants. I tried the Jalepeno sticks- uum- DE-LISH. A must try bar :)
5	Long overdue review. I've been coming here frequently over the past year and am a big fan. Reasonably priced food, drinks, and free games. There's nothing else in the valley that fits that criteria, yet a few of y'all still find stuff to nitpick on.  I'm quite frankly shocked this isn't 5 stars across the board on yelp. I bring newbies with me frequently and they are always blown away. I just held a private party at Hi-Scores and it was a huge success. The manager, Leif, and Ashley, our server, were tremendously attentive. I have gotten nothing but great feedback from people at the party. Leif tells me that they are about to spruce up the menu shortly and they've added a brick oven for pizza's so head back and give it another shot if you haven't been here recently.
2	I haven't been out here in a few months, due mostly to the service, or lack thereof.  Lets start with the good:FREE GAMES!  Yes, I said it.  All the games here are free.  The Pac-man battle royale game is a 4 person game, and you WILL start sounding like you have tourette's when you play it.  So fun.  Food:Everything I've tried here was good.  The pretzel bites are my absolute favourite.  I'd get them EVERY time, without fail. The hangover fries are a revelation, and are absolutely delicious.Fish and chips, chicken fingers, all yummy. Beer:  On Tuesday nights, they used to (I think they still do) have a $12 all you can drink craft beer on tap...the selection was always good, and depending on how busy they were...all you can drink sometimes meant a REALLY long time!Now the bad:The service here sucks.  I was out with a group of friends for the $12 all you can drink, and one of my friends arrived late, and ended up only getting 1 beer before the keg ran out.  He knew it was his fault, so he asked the bartender if they had PBR, to which he received a disgusted look, and a "No."   He asked if they had anything comparable, and the bartender looked at us and said "What, like piss?"  I'm sorry, but you don't say things like that to patrons, especially when its their first time out.there was one time, I let the bartender know that there was broken glass in their game room, and they actually had the nerve to HAND ME the broom and dust pan.  I can't make this stuff up, folks.  Finding a waitress to place an order was always almost impossible.  All in all...its a great concept:  Free games, good food, good beer selection.Hopefully, they've cleaned up and hired some GOOD bartenders and staff.  I'd like to go back again, but I find it hard to pick this place over others with better service.
3	Lots of potential but ultimately does not live up to what it could have been. Simpson, X-Men, 4 player PACMAN and mediocre beer on draft. Food is absolutely atrocious though. All the games are free though
1	Food is absolutely over priced. This is Henderson not the strip. If your going to charge this much, make sure its worth it.
3	So we lived right down the street for a year now so I thought we would give High Scores a try. I'm a craft beer geek and wanted to see what beers they had to offer.  We went in around 5pm so we ordered food and beers. Bartender ask what kind of beers I like and I told her IPAs. She recommended Hopsickle and gave me a taster of it. She said it was sorta hoppy but very piney. I asked her who made the beer and she wasn't sure...  She went to check to see what brewer made it as I tasted it. Tasted quite hoppy and sweet at the same time. Not really piney at all. I ordered (the Hopsickle) and she brought out a pint. I told my wife this taste and smells a lot like a double IPA. The beer seems to taste familiar. The bartender told me that the beer was made by Left Coast. I thought this isn't Hopsickle. I asked the bartender for a beer menu. I found out I was drinking Hop Juice not Hopsickle. Don't get me wrong, Hop Juice is a great beer. She had no idea what she was serving though. Bartenders at a bar that advertises that they have craft beer should know their beer. Now the food..We both ordered the Roasted Turkey Sandwhich.   We both got Turkey burgers... I asked my wife should I say something or should we just go ahead and stick with what we got. We stuck with what she brought out. The turkey burgers were good but I thought man these people don't have a clue. She doesn't know about the beer they offer and can't even take a food order right. They had a great beer selection so I might try again. I just hope they get some people that know the beer and serve the right good.
5	Definitely a fun place.  All videos were on free play so that was fun.  A decent variety of classic games to choose from.  The 4Player Vs. Pacman game is always a fun time!  bar had a great selection and look to it with slot gaming.  Happy Hour selections were great.  The cheese pizza, parmesan garlic fries, and chicken satay were good...though I think the fried flour tortilla chips in the nachos was the biggest hit for our little group.  Definitely would come back here again!
5	This place was great! We went there on date night and loved that they had all the old school video arcade games you can play for free. We had a couple of cocktails that were well priced and good tasting with cute arcade names. We also tried the sliders and the chicken kabobs and both were delicious. They were running a little slow and gave us a free dessert to make up for it. Highly recommend!
4	Really good selection of beers, really good burger, and free games. Golden tee and lawn darts outside are a good way to avoid the bar if it's too smokey. Tap the keg Tuesday can be fun and a cheap way to drink a good beer. Sometimes.
4	First off, I didn't believe a friend of mine when she told me that all the games were free.  That sounded way too good to be true.  However, upon arrival I was pleasantly proven wrong!  They have a bunch of classic games like Mortal Kombat and a 4 person pacman game as well as X Men, Simpsons, truck racing, Golden Tee, Putt Putt, Darts and bowling.The prices for food and drinks are a little high, but seeing as we bought two appetizers and two beers each and we stayed there for a little over 3 hours for under $50, its worth it.  Gotta charge a little more for the free games.  That's the only reason I gave it 4 stars.  So if you are expecting a super cheap happy hour along with the free arcades, it will be a sudden wake up call.  But if you are up for hanging around awhile while taking a stroll down memory lane with the classic games, you'll love this place.  Plus the staff is super friendly and will follow you around the place as you migrate to try different games.I'll definitely be going back here again soon!
5	Celebrated my husband's birthday party here and the manager and staff were very helpful and accommodating. From putting a special movie on the television to putting his picture up on the marquee all of the little touches helped make his day even more memorable. Food was good and wait staff was very attentive. The free games were a hit with all the gamers in our crowd.
5	Let me die here. The bartenders here are amazing. Matt, Eddie, Teresa, Wendy they all are fabulous and attend a human like a human should. Although sometimes it can be very crowded (weekends, duh) but for the most part, the people here make my night. I'm not much here for the games but just for the conversations and alone time. The food is to die for too, those Jack loaded tenders are OMG. Nom.
5	Petty good place to hang our , free play on all arcade games it's what makes this place
4	How can I not be a fan of a place that lets you play arcade games for free!?  It's like I'm finally getting my tax refund check for all those years I've paid to playing arcade games.They have lots of old school arcade games like the Simpsons and X-Men games, Pac-Man, Galaga, those video games you'll find at some bars like golfing and bowling, pinball games, racing games, console games, etc. The other week I noticed that they had the Mortal Kombat game I was hooked on that for a while. Can't wait for them to get Street Fighter 2. I'm down for a battle. Can we get some DDR and Time Crisis too?Besides the free games I like their alcohol. They have a good selection of craft beers and cocktails, all at reasonably priced. They often have drink special, one recent weekend they had $1 for selected shots and wines. There's even a huge beer tower which I wouldn't mind doing all by myself one of these days.I like their food menu. It's not your typical bar food like just a burger, nachos, or pizza. It's that and more. They have the BBQ Pork Fries which are fries topped with pulled pork, a bourbon BBQ sauce, cheese, bacon, and herbs it was a tasty small meal or snack between meals or between video game playing. They have Hangover Fries, Bacon Wrapped Corndogs, Bison Burger, braised short rib, mud pies, etc.This place is awesome just think of it as Insert Coin but free, in a neighborhood, and more chill atmosphere.  The bartenders, owner, and other staff are always friendly. It's a Niner's bar. Oh yeah they have a nice Happy Hour. Everyday 10AM-7PM it's $5 food specials, $4 Jim Bean and Jack, $4 select craft beers, and $3 well cocktails. Wait for football season I heard somewhere that they have $15 100-ounce Bud Light beer towers haha you know I want that.It's also still a bar so kids sorry you're not allowed.
2	The chick bartender tonight is horrible. Doesn't pay attention to customers and seems to be in her own world. Also found some pills on the bathroom counter. Eh.
4	Great addition to a location that was vacant far too long. All Free games ,tons of beer & good food.
4	I am typically not much of a bar person (read: homebody), but this  place is in my neighborhood and I was experiencing a rare feeling of extroversion, so I went to check it out. I had never gone to a bar alone before, so I sat in my truck out front texting my friend about how awkward I felt, until I garnered the courage to go inside. It was a weeknight, so it wasn't too busy. I found a place at the bar and was immediately greeted by the friendly bartender (who happened to be hot, which helped put me at ease). I'm not a beer drinker but I occasionally drink hard ciders (except for Redds, which they had on tap). Not sure what to order, he not only gave me suggestions but also brought me little samples of each. I chose a different hard cider and ordered tempura veggies. The food came out quickly and was delicious!! I didn't play any of the games that visit, but since then I've been back numerous times. It's my go-to place for first dates now (thanks, Tinder)! Everything I've eaten there has been great, and try the cocktails! One has a pop rocks rimmed glass and the sweet tea vodka drink is sooo good. Service is usually good, but that's why it didn't get five stars for me. Sometimes iffy. Oh yeah, did I mention free games??
4	Great selection of beer. The bartenders are always nice and helpful. I had an egg white omelette, nothing special, but how could it be. I'm not much for video games, but it's definitely a cool bar to hang out at and enjoy some drinks.
5	AWESOME PLACE! I can not brag enough about this place. The customer service was great the food phenomenal and and that tremendous selection of select brews to choose from. The icing on the cake is that the video games are free :)) This is a great place to bring your friends and come party.
3	I've been here about five times since I live around the corner. The food isn't amazing, basic bar food, but it has been improving I would say. I heard they got a new chef a few months back. The beer seems like it should be colder to me. I think they're working out their kinks and I give them props for that. Give it a try. I have high hopes for this place :)Free play arcade games=huge plus
4	UP, UP, DOWN, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHT, CIRCLE, X. This is the pass code for The Simpsons arcade game that will unlock all the levels and get you some sweet extras. You're welcome! I like this bar. Let's go with the obvious here; they have multiple arcade and pinball games, the food here is well above par, and there's a always rotating craft beer selection. The arcade games here vary from classics like; PacMan, Golden Tee, (for all the bar lovin' digital golfers) and even an area for console gamers offering up PS3, XBOX 360, and Wii. Here's the best part, most of these games are free all day, everyday! The food, like I said, is really quite tasty. The last time I was here I tried the Chicken Satay, Chinese Meatballs, and I snacked on Bacon Wrapped Corn Dogs. Lets begin with the starters: The Chicken Satay was cooked perfect, very juicy, a little spice added with just a little crunch. The Chinese Meatballs caught me off guard, but in a good way. Who would of thought that a video game themed, craft beer bar would have a tasty meatball recipe. These were delicious meaty orbs of sweet & savory delight. Honesty, I couldn't stop putting these balls in my mouth. After all that you'd think I be full, but the life of a glutton is a constant one. Like the waves crashing on a ocean...sometimes small, sometimes big, but always there. The meal finale was the Bacon Wrapped Corn Dog. They basically take an all beef tubular piece of meat, wrap it in bacon, coat it in batter, and fry it up! This was very good, but I mean after reading that description how can it be bad? This place has way too many beers to list in this review, but here's a cool tip. On their menu along with the food description they also offer up a beer pairing with each item. Very cool idea! If you like getting your game on and a good beer to pair it with, this could be the place for you!
1	So after further investigation via several visits over many months from my initial visit, I cannot pretend to like this place any more.The concept is cool but it's woefully undersold. Where are the video game tournaments? It's really just a sports bar that has an arcade in it. And the arcade has gone to crap. Console games are no longer being played because there aren't controllers for patrons, so the screens are just TVs. The arcade is very often empty. There is no gamer demographic coming to this place any more. The bar has become very smokey and it seems that the ventilation system is failing because it seeps into the dining room. And good luck finding a server in the dining room. It is damn near impossible. When you do find a server, well, the service is shit. You are not advised of the drink specials, they are off socializing with one another instead of paying attention to their customers, and they look at you like you're bothering them. To top it off, they fail to tell you that their football specials cancel out their happy hour specials, so if you happen to go there during a football game, be warned. This normally wouldn't be a big deal, but the lackadaisical approach to the information is really annoying. "Oh, yeah, they should really write that on there, huh?" - server. Part of your job as a server is to make the customer feel welcome.The food is mediocre at best, the drinks are expensive and you can find a better selection at Yardhouse, the place is smokey, and the service is shit. Yeah, it's true, the games are free, but that's not a selling point when you're no longer a video game bar. You're just a shitty sports bar that happens to have an arcade available.
5	Love the food!   love the atmosphere!  Lucia is my favorite bartender in all of Vegas hands down the smile the welcomed feeling the excellent professional service!!  Perfect.
5	Kool spot. Custom brews and awesome snacks. Not sure if they have a happy hour though or if so when...
2	Don't order the sourdough cheeseburger special. It is all bread and will have you screaming "where's the beef".  Their beer is pretty expensive and the service was slow. I wish I had something better to say, but it is what it is. My friends ordered sliders and they looked really good. Maybe I made bad choices...
1	Terrible bar. The service sucks. Workers are rude. Over priced drinks/food. Dirty facility. Uncomfortable layout of place. I'll never go back. Waist of money. Waist of time. Waist of a fun Saturday night. You've been warned.
3	The games are lame. Chuke Chesses has better games..... Beer and atmosphere is good plus its a 49er bar so 3 stars is fair until my next experience.
4	3 Stars for the food4 Stars for their apps3 Stars for the service4 Stars for free old school video games5 Stars for being a Niner's BarSorry, can't rate the drinks because I haven't had one to drink. Let's get the two most important things out of the way first.  Number 1, HI-Scores has free Ms Pacman, pinball, and my favorite, Centipede.  You don't have to be an eighties kid to love these classics. Number 2:  Who's got it better than us?  NOBODY!!  Yes, this is a Niner's bar.  Quest for 6, Baby!!!  You down with SF, then you're down with HI-Scores.  Shehawks, Go Home!  Lambs, Go Home!  Cardinals, well you're good this year. I will give you that.  Besides being a Niner's bar, Hi-Scores is spacious, the apps are pretty good, and the food is below average.  Yeah, it's a bar. So don't expect the best meal in your life here.  My suggestion, stay away from the bison burger and eat something before heading out here.  As for service, it's mixed for me.  On one visit, service really sucked and my meal was comped.  On another visit, it was great.  Overall, I can't bag on HI-Scores too much, especially since they know what's up when it comes to football.  Go Niners!!!
4	Once I found out that HI-Scores has Ms. PacMan and other video games that you can play for free AND it's a 49er bar, we've been here twice now to watch games.  Somehow, both games we've watched have been the 49ers vs. the St. Louis Rams.  The first game was better because it was the one where Yelper and violinist extraordinaire Bobby Y. performed the National Anthem and then we beat the Rams at their home.  I also got to play about 6 games of Ms PacMan in between the hefeweizen, pretzel bites, and socializing with our friends.  The second game we watched there is when we lost to the Rams, but I still managed to play Ms. PacMan, (Mr.) PacMan, Donkey Kong, Frogger, and pinball, as well as drink hard cider, eat pretzel bites, and socialize with our friends.  You get the idea.  We'll be back for more football, good drinks, mediocre bar food, and nostalgic video game fun soon.PRO TIPs:-the parking lot can fill up quickly, so it spills over onto the dirt lot next to the bar.-check out the $7 game day specials menu.  If you don't get one when you arrive, ask your waiter/waitress for it before you order so you can check it out.-there are raffles during the 49er games for 49er stuff.  You get free tickets with your orders and there are drawings after each quarter, half-time, and at the end of the game.
3	My husband and I recently moved to the Henderson area, and decided to try something "near and new" to our place of residence. My husband was craving a cheeseburger, and I a wrap, so I called in about 10 minutes before my arrival to place a to-go order. The bartender who took my order warned me that the kitchen was a little backed-up because they do some sort of football night on Thursdays so the place was packed. I figured it would be about a 20 minute wait, which I was okay with. The bartender offered me a water or something while I waited, which I declined but knowing know how long I was going to wait, I should have taken him up on it. .  I placed my order over the phone at 6:57pm and didn't walk out until 7:39... if I had a big order, I'd understand. But it was a burger and a wrap. I ordered a Buffalo Chicken Wrap and my husband got a PAC Cheeseburger cooked to medium well, both served with seasoned fries.The radio promotions guy that was there handing out beer-swag had more personality than the waitresses there. He made small-talk with me while I waited and gave me a free shirt. My Buffalo Chicken Wrap was small in comparison to most places that serve something similar, but tasty. It was generic. It was basic grilled chicken.... and the sauce tasted like ranch mixed with Frank's Hot Sauce. Definitely something I can make at home. The PAC Cheeseburger was tasty to my husband, and he said he'd definitely have it again. Our fries, on the other hand, were extremely overcooked.. nearly burnt. Almost like veggie fry chips consistency. Not sure if that's intentional on their part, but they left much to be desired. Wasn't able to check out their selective beer menu. Though our first experience wasn't the greatest, we'll atleast go back another time to try their cool beer selection and free arcade games... on a not-so-packed night.
4	On game day during football season this place is packed in with red & gold jerseys because this is a designated 49er football game zone! I only drop by during game day to watch the 49er games. So I don't have much input on the arcade games because I'm busy watching the game people!What I do know is that there are plenty enough tv screens in the arcade area where you can view the game at any angle from where you are sitting. The tv screen sizes seemed to be on the smaller side though. The sound for all the tvs are piped in through one speaker in the arcade area...sometimes it isnot in sync with what's going on in the bar or main area. Just by a few seconds though so when we cheer or groan, it sounds like a delayed reaction...lolFood...not too bad, not the greatest, but a few cool SF Bay Area favorites to choose from ..ie clam chowder in sourdough bread bowl! These special appetizers called "Kaepersnacks" are set aside during the game only priced at $7 ..after #7 QB Kaepernick.Drinks..cant say much on that either since I don't like or drink beer so ..pass.Service....Take into consideration that it's busy and they're dealing crazy fans ..with that said I have no complaints. The times I've been there, my order is taken and served  promptly and then there are times when I just get my drink..eventually. Parking...PITA...It's so busy that there's no parking in their private parking lot.  So get here early otherwise you'll have to resort to parking in the dirt lot adjacent to the building. 4.90 stars...for repping the Niners with that lighted up marquee sign in the parking lot.It's the place to gather for the Forty Niner Faithful to celebrate or commiserate. Go Niners!
