2	New South Kitchen is the former Dakota's, located in the Arboretum Shopping Center.Four of us went for lunch yesterday - and I won't go back again.Pretty limited lunch menu plus a buffet option (spaghetti and meat balls).  Menu was "small plates", "salad plates" and "sandwiches".  Didn't try any of the "small plates" but the fried okra salad was a pretty small plate too!  Two of us ordered the burger which was small and came with a choice of one side dish - fruit or potato salad.  This looked like the best choice at the table.  Fourth person ordered the grilled club - ham, turkey, cheese on a flatbread - with the same choice of sides.  No discernable trace of the turkey on the club sandwich and it was very spicy, much more like a quesadilla than a club sandwich!  And the potato salad was bland.  All menu items were priced in the $8 - $10 range.Desserts were more creative than I've seen on the menu elsewhere - cheese plate, beignets, roasted bananas.But for the price (comparable to Harper's, a little less expensive than Maggiano's), I was very disappointed.  In my humble opinion, smaller plates (which I really think are a great idea - most places give you way too much food) should also carry smaller price tags.  Am I being unreasonable here?Lunch crowd was VERY sparse.  If this is indicative of their overall business, better try this place - if you dare - while you can!To the table of three ladies seated in the booth beside us - if you're going to discuss the virtues of latex vs. lambskin for disease prevention at the lunch table, you might be better served having lunch at home rather than out in public!  Service was nice (not great), food was barely ok, prices way too high for what you got - plus you have to battle the Arboretum parking lot!  Only two stars.
2	The food is not bad. Lunch menu is limited. A few things on the menu plus the buffet option with 8 different things to try. Buffet was smaller than I expected. Service was ordinary. I think I was one of the few people eating in the restaurant. Never had a desire to make a second visit after I had already given the lunch buffet a try before. There are numerous places to go for a better lunch experience.
5	We went here because they have a prix fixe for $25.  It includes an entree, an appetizer, a glass of house wine, and dessert.  Not bad.The menu itself was pretty awesome.  Went with a total of 5 people, two of the guys didn't even go prix fixe.  And the bill was still respectable.  We went on a Tuesday I think, and it was 1/2 price wine bottles as well.We decided to go family style on the apps.  Fried green tomatoes, a meatball flatbread, a tuna spread, "redneck" cheese board (pimento haha), and mussels.  They were all delicious.  If I had to rank them, hmm I'd have to say flatbread, tuna, tomatoes, mussels, cheese.For entrees, one guy got the pork tenderloin.  2 of us got the baked chicken off the prix fixe, and the other 2 got the roast chicken from the regular menu.  The house wine was not bad, a bit sweet for cabernet, and the shiraz we got was peppery.  Then we got dessert, we also kinda split up between bananas/rumcake, butterscotch bread pudding, chocolate mousse, and a lemon tart. Damn, it was a nice surprise and pretty good.  We'll definitely be back.Oh yeah, the decor is kinda cool, like almost homey, but still modern enough to have a few flat screens at the bar.  I would describe this place as kind of a classy southern place, but not over the top.
4	I want to start off saying I referred a few friends to New South all have thoroughly enjoyed apart from one neutral comment from one. Which the couple that had went there for lunch, said the buffet was limited and that it was not over the top like she had anticipated. Maybe sounds like they need to change out menus for lunch and brunch.  I have only ever went there for dinner. It has always been awesome. We have tried most of the items on the menu. Starting on the kid's menu, the mac & cheese is awesome. It is completely homemade and delicious. The appetizers from Fried Green Tomatoes, Cheese plate and Redneck Cheese board our all wonderful. The grilled romaine salad is another favorite. We have the rotisserie chicken, the pork, and typically get the veggie plate that is served with only what' s best in season and the freshest. There desserts are tasty too and they have half priced wine tues for an extra bonus. Check this place out as I can only promise you that your dinner will be a delight, cute little classy southern joint. Enjoy!
4	Serendipity blessed us with finding this gem in a strip mall.  We actually tried to visit another place across the parking lot and they couldn't seat us. Thank goodness for that.As a Manhattanite visiting Charlotte I felt right at home with the decor, the food, the presentation, the menu and the bar.  You could literally plop this place down in mid-town Manhattan, and aside from having to double the prices, you'd be good to go.The restaurant's name, "New South," describes the concept with the food.  They offer southern favorites that have had the benefit of the diligent application of the collective knowledge and skill of modern restaurant artistry.  Favorites like Mac and Cheese, Deviled Eggs, Pimento Cheese, Meatloaf, Shrimp with Grits, and Fried Okra shimmy into a little black dress and get ready for a chic-chic little West Village party in your mouth. The deviled eggs were served with pork confit, the mac and cheese had a nice toasty top, the roasted fingerlings were savory and creamy.  They have daily specials and a surprisingly complete prix fixe for $25.  I recommend New South as a place to take your friends who usually turn up their noses at restaurants in suburban strip malls.
5	My favorite place in Charlotte for a good dinner.  Not only is the food amazing, but their prixe fixe menu (called their "RSVP" menu)  is just $25, and includes an appetizer, entree, dessert, and a glass of wine.Their pork confit w/ pasta appetizer is amazing, and I think it should be an entree option.  New South's shrimp and grits  comes with plenty of shrimp and sausage in it, and isn't too heavy, as sometimes happens with shrimp and grits.  The 1/2 chicken entree was perfectly moist and flavorful, and the mushroom risotto was a perfect complement.For dessert, the butterscotch bread pudding and lemon tart are both great choices, and are available on the rsvp menu.If you go on a night where they have live music, you might want to see if you can sit on the left side of the restaurant for a quieter meal, though the performers who I've heard there are very good.
4	My wife and I met a dear friend here for dinner. We were ultimately delayed by 45 mins. thanks to Charlotte traffic and the location isn't the easiest to find in the Arboretum shopping center (Charlotte, NC). The ambiance was quiet and a bit dim. The noise level was respectfully at a murmur, although I can't say if it's because of the interior spaciousness or the lack of full tables. Either way, we definitely enjoyed the serene atmosphere.Our menu selections were beef tenderloin salad for myself; the NC mountain trout for my wife and the bistro chicken (Tues. night special) for our friend. Overall, the food was delicious and well-prepared. The prices were in-line with the quality and depth of food flavors.As this is a bit more 'fancy' than my wife and I enjoy, it was nice to experience it.
4	New South is my go-to choice when I want to be taken care of. Sure it's in a strip mall (the Arboretum) and therefore faces the parking lot, but if you don't like the view, just face the other way!  New South features upscale southern food. Pricing is good and I'm really digging their draft beer selections and drink specials. I went there Saturday night and had some really delicious locally-brewed beer for $3 a pint!  I also had one of the entree specials: The "local" flounder (local? how local? whatever!) on top of herbed spaetzle mixed with delicious little pieces of sweet potato and spinach. I got my beta carotene and I didn't even feel like I was eating vegetables! My husband had the American Kobe beef, (they said it was Kobe-style but raised here) which was also yummy.  Cooked just right.  The service is always friendly and I love the fact that I can get a nice cozy table without a reservation (usually). We really love to go there in the winter, because it's kind of dark in there (more difficult to see the parking lot) and a good glass of cabernet and a warm meal just feels comforting.
4	Located in the Arboretum shopping center New South offers contemporary Southern cuisine.   Their breads and desserts are made in house daily.  Some of the customer favorites:  Fried Green Tomatoes, Shrimp & Grits and Crab Cakes.  We ordered the Crab Cakes and the Fried Okra Salad.  Both were excellent!  The Fried Okra Salad sounds strange, but it was cravable good!!!  Like, I'm wanting it right now!  :)There is also live entertainment on certain nights and outside seating.P.S.  If you have a Citipass book, they have a coupon in it so definitely go check them out!!
3	I want to give them that fourth star but we've had just enough mediocre experiences to make that not possible for now. Still, you could havea great time on any given night.We find the nightly specials to be very worthwhile: Fried chicken on Mondays, St Louis ribs on Wednesdays, and deep fried turkey on Sundays have all been good. The wine list is good as well, and they have beer and wine specials at various times of the week (see their website for details).We have had one or two nights where the service wasn't the best and one night when the food really wasn't done as requested, or even well. The nights with poor service, I have no idea if this was the fault of the server or the kitchen, but they aren't charging Denny's prices and I do expect better follow-through than we had those nights. For that reason, the fourth star remains to be awarded.But we'll go back, hoping to have a night that gives us reason to award it.
2	Six of us had dinner here the other night. Very extensive food and wine menu with an additional specials menu.Most of us got the fried chicken which was overcooked and just ok. You get three big pieces, more than you can eat at one sitting, but since it was overdone you didn't want to bring leftovers home.Along with the chicken was mashed potatoes and gravy and some really nice green beans -- the beans were the best part of the plate. Salads were pretty standard fare. For a place that emphasizes organic ingredients something didn't quite come together. It's a tad pricey and the dishes sound better on the menu than they taste in actuality. Nothing wrong, but nothing to get sparked about.Ended the meal with beignets and a dipping sauce. Should have been a happy indulgent end to the meal, but like all the other dishes, will be damned with faint praise.
3	This place has one of my very favorite salads in Charlotte (FRIED OKRA SALAD) but New South only gets 3 stars for my most recent visit solely due to the service.  Our server was as nice as he could be when he was around but it was a challenge getting him there.  An empty wine glass while dining is a pretty big pet peeve of mine.  He did get some brownie points when he offered to make a fresh pot of decaf to go with our very delicious dessert (beignets...OMG!).  SIDENOTE:  Look for coupons.  New South is good about getting in the local Citipass books and other forms of promotional mailers.
4	Came in here a few weeks ago for a late lunch and really enjoyed it!There isn't all that many options in this area and we decided on here my sister had been in the past and suggested it for a quick bite. The decor is southwestern and a pretty nice size dining area.We started off with Pork Spring Rolls which were great and an afterthought so we were happy we added them!! We both had the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with your choice of a side I had the Brussel Sprouts and she had the mushroom Risotto and they were great!! If your in the area I would defiantly recommend checking it out for lunch or dinner!
5	Traditional southern "meat-and-three" meets everything fine dining has to offer at the corner of Pineville Matthews and Providence Road. I would be reaching to find one thing wrong with the overall experience my wife and I had last night at New South Kitchen. Prompt service in a casual atmosphere set the tone for the night. Our server was on point the whole time, from the time she took drink orders to the bill presentation. When she came to take our dinner order, I had 3 menu items picked, and they all sounded so good I was prepared to order all three. However, our server was able to present and sell the chef's special (soft shell crab) so effectively I went with one of those instead. I love a server who can knowledgeably sell her chef's inspirations. And I was rewarded for my choice with two soft shell crabs that were fried to perfection and so big the legs were hanging off the plate! Fantastic. I recommend the grilled romaine salad as a starter. Their flank steak was amazing as well...it's very easy to turn flank steak into a piece of rubber...but this flank steak was tender and juicy. Substitute the roasted sweet potatoes for the grits...alot of places frown on substitutions, but this place is more than happy to accommodate. Also, they have daily rotating specials...sort of an homage to the southern country kitchens of old. Wait...I remember now...there was one thing wrong with the overall experience. There was a hole in the booth's seat. Do I care about the hole? No.  Go to New South and have a great, Southern-fried experience.
4	David and I have eaten here many times and  overall, we like the place.However, I would probably give it only 3.5 stars because on several visits, the service has really been been hit or miss.  (This visit was so-so, but last time, we had great service).  Overall, the food is good, but the major limiting factor for me is that they put bacon in almost everything here, which really limits my choices. (Ok folks, we get that this is "Southern cuisine" but really, give us a break with the pork already!)    But, on the upside, they have a nice wine list. Tonight we had the B.R. Cohn Cabernet Sauvignon which was a beautifully balanced wine. David decided to have a burger and the creamed corn.  I tasted his corn and it was flavorful but not at all creamy.  I would have been disappointed if I had chosen this side dish.Usually I order the trout or whatever fish is on the menu at the time. However, on this visit,  I went for the daily special which was deep fried turkey  breast served with dressing (studded with cranberries) and fresh green beans on the side. (This dish normally comes with "Southern beans" which is cooked with bacon but they substituted the fresh green beans since they are not cooked with bacon.)  They are also now serving brunch on Sat & Sun - since brunch is one of our favorite meals on the weekend,  we'll definitely be back to check that out!
5	Updated 3/2012.  Charlotte now has many good restaurants but I find that after a few years I tire of my current favorite place and move on; this has not happened at New South. Their food at dinner is always good and nobody in Charlotte makes better vegetables; they have a dinner special for $25 or $30 that includes a glass of wine and dessert you can't beat that price for the quality of food that they deliver. That is one kitchen that delivers above their price level.Best breakfast in Charlotte! I have always liked this restaurant for dinner as their kitchen delivers at a much higher level then their prices but this morning I tried their breakfast   for the first time and it is outstanding, plus reasonable.I had my standard American breakfast of eggs, meat, potatoes (as good as they get), biscuit. Even the small fruit salad on the side, which normally I push to the edge of my plate, was five stars and I could have eaten a bowl full. The menu also covered your standard brunch fare but I will let someone else review that as I will stick to my American blue collar breakfast. You will find my American pickup truck parked in front on any given Saturday morning while I enjoy the best breakfast in town. On Sunday their wines by the glass are half price, so that is where I have my dinner on every Sunday.They are open daily but only on Saturday and Sunday for breakfast/brunch.Enjoy.
2	We ordered the cranberry pecan chicken salad sandwich.  It was lacking in flavor, very bland. We also ordered the pulled pork spring rolls, which were not pleasing to the palette -- southern BBQ does not mix well with Asian cuisine!  Two small spring rolls for $7.50 was definitely not worth it.
4	I went during Queen's Feast which is like a Restaurant Week.  The menu consists of a wine, 2 apps, entree, and dessert - all for $30.  I thought the deal was too good to pass up, since ordering just an entree + salad would've came to about the same price.The entree choices didn't have what I came for (flank steak), so I picked the meatloaf.  The dish came with potatoes, which is the most tasty I've had.  Instead of mashing everything, the cubes still kept a bit of their shape and had lots of flavor (probably thanks to bacon fat).    As for the meatloaf, I was not a fan.  The consistency was like over-processed mystery meat.  As for the 2 apps, the fried green tomatoes (my first time eating this) sounded better than it really is.... it's like eating a fried cornmeal crust with bland tomatoes inside.  The grilled salad was very good though.... the lettuce leaves have a nice charred / smoke flavor. My dessert which is the bread pudding with ice cream was a bit too sweat.  The ice cream was tasty but too sweet and I felt ice crystals in it (maybe that's natural for homemade ice cream?).  It would've helped to get a spoon with it which wasn't provided.  The portion size was pretty small.  Not that I could've eaten more after the other courses, but if this is the same size as a normal order, then I'd probably be disappointed.Overall the price was reasonable, and the waitress was very friendly.
5	This place was so good! I had the fried chicken Lunch. With beignet. It was amazing! I really recommend at least trying it, bur be careful, you might be addicted!
5	ORIGINAL POST (ALSO SEE UPDATE BELOW) New South is a go-to dinner place for us, for a reasonably priced, solid meal.  However, tonight was disappointing on a number of points:  We were seated at a booth that had a large patch of red duct tape over a hole in the seat (I hope this is very recent and temporary??).  We then sat about 5 minutes before anyone noticed us at a table, and then it was someone other than our eventual waitress.  The waiter who did greet us took our drink orders and promptly served us, followed soon by our waitress, who from then on did fine attending our table.  I ordered the mixed greens salad and forgot to ask for dressing on the side (my fault), and yes, it had too much dressing on it, but also just a disappointing salad for $6 -- greens and not much else, and the greens not all that fresh.  I ordered the flank steak, which I've had before and loved, but tonight I could only eat about 1/2 of it because of how chewy most of the meat was (some I just had to stop chewing and spit out; other parts I could get through by cutting really small bites and chewing a lot).  The dish was also overly sauced with a very salty brine that seemed to be mostly just W sauce.  The potatoes were pretty tasteless and watery (with some soft chunks in there too).  Green beans were crisp-cooked and good.On the plus side, my husband ordered the pork, which he said was tasty and tender.  Also, you can't beat $4 for a generous pour of a very decent house cabernet.  Add to that their participation in Citipass and other discounts, and I am willing to overlook an occasional disappointing meal since the price is right, but tonight, yes, I was very disappointed in one of my favorite non-fancy restaurants.UPDATE:  After posting this review above, the owner contacted me and offered to comp my meal.  I suggested I just visit again and give them another try, which we did tonight (11/11/11).  Everything was superb!  Got seated quickly, table visited & serviced promptly.  I had the red fish entree, and my husband had the pork shoulder.  Both were perfect, and the sides were great.  Loved the fresh greens "slaw" on the fish, and the braised squash.  Cooking time was still just a tad longer than some places, but the dining room and bar were both packed (Carrier Classic on the big screens), so I imagine there was just a temporary backlog as we were there at peak time.I appreciate that New South offers deals in Citipass, etc.  Their menu is already affordable, so that makes it an even better deal.I spoke to the chef/owner and his wife; both were gracious and interested in our impressions, and they comped our meal tonight.  It doesn't get much classier than that.  Thanks, New South.  We will be back!
3	I've tried to think of a better way to put it, but in short New South.. confused me. Looking at the menu online prepped me for one type of restaurant (maybe something along the lines of Bask), upon entering to the bar area and the array of printed booth cushions and four tops I immediately got a more family feel... not a bad thing, the casual setting was comfortable and welcoming. Then, our server arrived wearing jeans and a tshirt with chuck taylors (okay this is a little more casual than I expected) and then we received our water in beer-labeled pint glasses. I understand the concept of bringing an upscale and contemporary cuisine to the masses, I just think there is a way to do it without making me feel like I'm in three restaurants at once. But, onto the food. Our server was pretty quick to let us know the pulled pork spring rolls were about to be 86'd, so if we wanted them we should jump on that. They had sounded good, so we grabbed an order. We then ordered the swordfish and the shrimp and grits. The rolls arrived, and I couldn't accept the contrast in consistencies. It was a perfect fried shell, but the inside was such a mushy pulled pork filling it was an odd mouth feel. The sauce was nice, kind of a thinned out and spiced up sweet thai chili sauce. The swordfish was extremely pungent. I hadn't ordered swordfish in a while but I felt like the pieces could have coated the corner of the room in fishiness. Smell aside, it tasted great, and the ham vinaigrette was a nice touch. Really the whole dish was great as long as you avoided the cucumber slaw. The shrimp and grits had great components, but together didn't hold much in the flavor department.Overall attentive service, water glasses always filled, and the food had some good flavors. Also, really nice portion size on the big plates. I think when they release a new menu I'll try them again, but they aren't currently on my charlotte top restaurants list. And they are located along the curve of the strip with Le Peep, not towards the Taco Bell/Walmart area.
4	This is a neat little restaurant in the Arboretum Shopping Center. There aren't many of this type of upscale southern cooking in Charlotte. At least, I haven't seen any around. The atmosphere is great. They've got live bands playing occasionally. The food is actually quite good. One thing is that the portions aren't great and the price is a bit on the high side. The dishes are well plated, and you can tell they put time into the preparation of not only for taste, but also aesthetics. The few times I've gone I ordered the fried chicken appetizer. That is very good. The chicken is tender and well marinated, and the breading is near perfect. For the main course I've ordered a fish dish. It was pretty good. I've also ordered the shrimp and grits. I believe that may be the signature southern dish. It was delicious. They lose a star due to portion size, but otherwise this restaurant is superb.
2	Overall view of this place: "It was just meh! ... you could do better" -- Read more to know why:I've been to this place three times now. I know ... what is wrong with me? I've given this place "two stars" and have been there three times. You'd think I would have learned my lesson the first two times.Each time I go there, I find myself saying in my head, "Well maybe if I got this, my meal would be better ... or maybe my pallet is off today." The thing is ... it's not my taste buds or the dish I got, it's the chef. The food is just ok. Sorry but it's true.On the bright side the decor is really cute. It's well lit and very "shabby chic" with cast iron skillets hanging inside rustic wood picture frames. You really want to like the place. I bought one of those "entertainment books" ... you know, the books that the neighborhood kid sells for their church or band club at school. The book had a coupon for this place so we were like, "what the heck ... let's try New South out."The first time I went for lunch, well more like brunch, since it's was around 11:45ish and it was the weekend. I got the "florentine omelet". It consists of: 3 egg omelet with spinach, mushrooms, onions & goat cheese topped with creole sauce -- served with pan fried potatoes or grits (I got the potatoes)The thing with this dish was, the goat cheese over powered the entire meal. It was like I was eating a plate of goat cheese with a side of everything else. Not good ... not good at all.The next time I went with my gal pal who had "yet another coupon" from the entertainment book. This time I decided to order a fail safe plan ... the "New South Burger". This consisted of: a beef burger topped with house made pimento & cheese, smoked bacon, lettuce & tomato. Again with the heavy hand on cheese. Yuck ... and I LOVE cheese.  Also, the burger was a bit dry and I didn't ask for it overly well done on anything. So that really should have not happened. It's like the cook squeezed out all the juices. It was "just ok" again.AND then the last and final time I went there, it was for dinner with my dad and husband. We were super starving and figured the Arboretum shopping center is close so why not give this place another try. "You know cause third times a charm and all that jazz." Well don't believe that saying for a minute because it a down right lie.  I mean the menu seems so creative. It should work, right? Wrong. The execution is just NOT done correctly. My dad got the Monday special of the night "fried chicken with buttermilk biscuits and gravy". His review of the meal was that, "it was alright" ... with a shake of the hand. Both my husband and I got the "cornmeal dusted flounder" served with caramelized autumn veggies, local greens and lemon butter. It was "bleck" Spell that word out and you'll understand what it means. B-L-E-C-K ... Yuck. The server suggested it. I was torn between the 1/2 roasted chicken and that. The waiter said go with the flounder so I did. Boy was he wrong. The fish was mushy and the veggies were vinegary to the point of no return. It was not good at all. Also, geeze louise. We had the hands down "worst service" that night. It was like our server quit or something. BUT HE DIDN'T ... he was just MIA and the manager or owner or whomever he was ended up waiting on the majority of the time. It's was a big confusing mess. I'd really like to rave about this place. I LOVE FOOD and really enjoy giving good reviews ... but if it's not good I'm not going to pretend it was. I eat for pleasure ... my mom's a chef and I know food. This place is just not up to snuff. Womp, womp!
4	Very good meal - lots of locally grown ingredients on the menu, very good service - great all around.  I had the pork shoulder with some vegetables and it was out-freaking-standing.  I was going to order the chicken, but because it is fresh (not frozen - locally grown), it takes 25 minutes or so. and we had to get crackin' so couldn't wait.  The server got everything right out and everything was perfect.  I love that so much of the food is local - we need to support that.
5	My husband and I dined at the place on a whim last year during restaurant week. Boy were we pleasantly surprised. Despite it being a busy Saturday evening, we were seated pretty quickly in the bar area without reservations. The restaurant week deal was great, I believe we got something like 4 courses and a free glass of wine for around $30. Everything we ordered was delicious. The manager made a point to come by our table and chat. I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place. Great food and good service. We'll definitely be back when visiting the Queen City.
4	This place is a little gem! I am so glad that there are good places to eat in the Arboretum. I went here recently with a group and everything was delicious! I had the N.C. Shrimp and grits. It was very filling and delicious, although it still can't compete with Charleston's. Very good food and excellent service!
3	We went here a few weeks ago. All I really remember is that the night was unmemorable. I had high expectations and left a little disappointed. Not that I won't ever go back, but it's not my first choice.
1	Screaming children ruined otherwise good dining experience. When owner was asked to deal with situation, she refused, saying it was "awkward" for her. A skilled manager/owner would know how to handle this situation. Our table of six will not be back.
5	New South unfortunately no longer offers the RSVP menu I wrote about in 2010, but their food is still delicious.  Their old deal comes back for restaurant week, though, for $30.  Went for brunch a few weeks ago, and was impressed.  The brioche french toast was flavorful, light, and fluffy.  The mini muffins I ordered on the side came out warm, and were a great serving of totally unnecessary additional carbs.  As was the biscuit that I ordered.  For $0.50 for a muffin or biscuit, why not?  My girlfriend got the eggs benedict - definitely not traditional, as it was served with pulled pork instead of ham, and on top of grit cakes, instead of English muffins.  The red potatoes side was perfectly cooked, as well.  Girlfriend couldn't finish all of the potatoes, so what the hell, more carbs for brunch!They still have a great beer selection - all but one draft was from a Charlotte brewery, and the final draft was from another NC brewery.  In fact, each Charlotte distributing-brewery (Four Friends, NoDa, OMB, Birdsong) was represented.
3	As soon as I read the words Fried Okra Salad I was like "Ok, I'm in".  The interior isn't anything to write home about as far as I could tell.  I ate here at lunch time and the place wasn't that busy but it's not really situated in a location that I would think would have a large lunch crowd.  More of a dinner kind of place to stop.The beer taps and bottles were solid as they offered some craft beers along with your typical domestic staples.Back to the salad.  This is where I was a bit let down.  I mean I loved the Okra but the food just didn't have any personality.  I know I sound like a brat saying that but with a dish that unique I kind of expected it to be, well, unique.  It was basically a cobb salad - sans egg - with fried okra on top.  Meh.
5	Have been to this restaurant quite a few times, most recently this past weekend. Food is always delicious and service great. We will be back!
4	Ahh... the South.  As a girl from the Appalachian Mountain culture, southern food is in my blood.  When a restaurant claims they're putting a new spin on what I often consider perfection, I'm often skeptical.  New South, however, knows what they're doing.I had lunch here with three other friends a few days before Christmas.  The menu isn't huge, but it had a nice variety.  I saw several things I would like to go back to try.  This day, somehow the fried chicken dish was calling our names.  All four of us ordered it!  To start we had the fried green tomatoes.  I've lived my entire life in the south and can say with total confidence, these were THE BEST fried green tomatoes I've ever had!  They were simply perfect!Our chicken entree was equally good.  The breading was a little crunchy, the gravy was amazing, and the mashed potatoes were silky and creamy.  I tried the brussel sprouts with mine and loved them.  We enjoyed good service, yummy bread and we all felt the prices were good, too.  Check out this great little gem at the Arboretum.  For me, New South is a new favorite.
5	So I'm hanging out with my good friend, and he says to me 'Last night me and Suzanne went up to New South and had a half off bottle of wine and fried blueberry pie." "Excuse me, what's that now? You had what now? You said fried something...""Blueberry pie..."And so began my desire to dine at New South. Now I know what you're thinking: "Oh I can't wait to hear what he says about the blueberry pie!". Well stranger, I disappoint, because when I got there, the dessert offering had items on it even BETTER than aforementioned fried blueberry pie. I should have written down what they were called. I can only describe what I had as "Banana wizardry". It was a decadent, light, fluffy, syrupy banana (and rum?) cake with ice cream, reminiscent of bananas foster. Divine without being overly sweet. We also had a full meal before that, of which I requested a surprise vegetarian meal since they weren't heavy on the vegetarian selections. Now, my theory on asking for a surprise is that it should instill in the chef a sense of adventure and a break in their routine. This was the result here. I received a wonderful mixture of items that were sides on the menu along with new creations. Each were distinct in their flavors and pleasing to the palette. Everyone's meal was great, including a big juicy burger and a salmon dish with big fluffy corn cakes.Our waitress was extremely friendly, funny, and helpful. I'm the type to harass waitresses playfully, and she handled my idiocracy with grace and humor. The manager also made appearances at our and other tables to check on things, which I appreciate.Bravo to this fine place.
5	Best meatloaf I have ever had hands down!  I went with about 8 family members and everyone enjoyed the food.  Definitely a new go to for me!
4	I absolutely loved this place!! The service was good, although the manager who was walking around seemed like he'd rather be at home then there lol.Food wise I cannot wait to go back!! I had the  meatloaf which I know a lot of people raved about and honestly it was fantastic. Loved it :-)  My friends had the pan fried chicken and the pork chop item currently on the menu. The pork chop was phenomenal, it's a feature menu item right now so I'll be back to have it before it goes away!! Pan fried chicken was also delicious.  As far as small plates go we got the pork mustard bbq sliders and the chicken wontons. The chicken wontons were on the bottom of the totum pole for me as far as everything we got but the sliders were delicious!! I can't wait to go back and try some of there other tasty tasty food and I"m so glad I finally got over there to try it!!
4	First time eating there last week.  Don't let the outside fool you. Great open space decor. Amazing and diverse menu using local meats and fish. Cheeses and unique tapas change weekly.  I'm embarrassed to say I am a local neighbor for 6 years and never gave tis place a try. I will be a regular.
4	For brunch get the potatoes and grits for sure. I got the BLT eggs and it wasn't very good, no seasoning and not enough B, L and T. I could've made them better. And for a $9 plate I'm kinda leaving hungry. My fam liked the poached eggs with pork. But a nicely decorated atmosphere and friendly staff. Would come back for sure, just wouldn't get this plate again.
5	FANTASTIC! The New South Burger was perfect! Everything was good! We all sampled the grits, greens, chicken sandwich, mac n cheese, crab cakes, and chicken fingers... Everyone was more than happy with their meals. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The wine list was very good too. We'll be back soon!
3	I wanted to love New South.  I *still* want to love New South.  Alas... meh.Located in the back section of the Arboretum with most of the restaurants (right next to Le Peep, and if you hit the car place, you've gone too far), the parking lot appears to have been designed by Helen Keller - but the Arbo parking has been a wreck for 20+ years.I was greeted immediately by the friendly hostess and quickly seated.  The chair did not find my fat ass to be a fun way to spend the evening and creaked every time I moved.   It's embarrassing to be sitting by yourself in the middle of a restaurant talking to a wooden chair, pleading with it not to splinter.  Nice, simple interior, I liked the framed pictures on the wall.  There was a wall-length cabinet full of wine.  The table closest to me seemed to have regulars at it, which is typically a good sign, though with my early arrival time of 5:45, there were only a couple of other tables seated.  The menu was a simple 1 legal sized sheet of paper with a handful of choices for cheeses/charcuterie, small plates, salads, sandwiches and entrees.  I had checked out the menu online, so I was pretty sure I knew what I was getting already.  The food:A basket containing two thick slices of warm bread with soft butter was brought to the table.  The bread was good, nothing special or unusual, but warm and tasty.  I am not sure if the butter was a flavored butter, but I didn't like the taste.  I ate the bread plain.Pork belly sliders:  I have never had pork belly sliders, though they are on every non-chain menu in Charlotte.  I was told by a friend that it is sort of like BBQ.  It is most assuredly *nothing* like BBQ.  It seems that I like every part of the pig except for the belly (how can something so close to the bacon be so NOT bacon?!).  It was unpleasant for me, but that is a matter of my taste and not the execution of the dish - they very well could be delicious for what they are, but I have nothing to judge them by and I plan on never intentionally eating pork belly ever again.  Not ever.  Pan fried chicken:  Pan fried chicken is usually a little darker than deep fried, so I was expecting it to be a little more done than something the Colonel dishes up. Two small breasts, pan fried, served on a bed of mashed potatoes and a smidge of gravy with a layer of collard greens.  Chicken was tasty, crust stayed on the chicken for the most part, mashed potatoes were creamy, but nothing magical, gravy was sparse, collard greens were well flavored with only the slightest vinegary hint.  Plated well, but zzzzzzzzzMy server rattled off some desserts for me that all sounded wonderful, included a fried blueberry pie (hello!), but I was ready to call it a night.My waitress was friendly and efficient and when I made a face at the almost full plate of sliders when she picked it up, I admitted to her that pork belly was not what I thought it was.  When I was through with my meal and she brought the check, without me asking she had taken the sliders off.  I asked that she please not do that, as it was my fault for not knowing what it was, but she said it was taken care of.  Excellent customer service - so I feel even worse about not being wowed.  I am guessing the gentleman circulating checking on everyone was the owner, he was very pleasant and was making sure everyone was happy.   All of the staff was wonderful.  I want to go back and maybe try another dish, I really did enjoy the restaurant itself and the employees were a delight.  I might need to return just to try the fried blueberry pie and then update my review.
2	I was excited to finally try this place since it's so close to my house in the Arboretum in South Charlotte. My husband & I are ready to check out some new places & are using Restaurant Week as the perfect excuse to experiment.We don't dine out all that often, so when we do & when we plan to drop more than $10 on a meal, I want to be impressed. I want to really enjoy my time & my food. Alas, that was not the case at New South Kitchen.First of all, we were completely overdressed. I had scolded my husband for wanting to wear shorts to dinner, but now realize his preferred attire would have been much more appropriate for this surprisingly casual place. Most of the workers were wearing jeans & tshirts. And the other guests were equally casual.Bread - It's not often I turn down carbs. But this bread had no flavor. A flavored butter might have helped, but there was nothing to save this pre-dinner snack.Fried green tomatoes & salad - both were decent. Generous portion of tomatoes with a sauce that had some zip.Deviled eggs - would not order these again. The ones with pickles were the best since it added flavor to an otherwise bland appetizer. I also prefer my deviled egg mixture to be smooth. They use ground mustard in theirs, which I didn't care for.Meatloaf - the hi-lite of the meal! I'd go back for this. Very moist. Very flavorful.Pork - this was my husband's entree. Tasted good but had more fat than he wants in lean protein.Grilled pound cake & chocolate mousse - both were ok but not worth the extra calories in my opinion. We preferred the chocolate option over the pound cake, which the server recommended & raved about. Speaking of our server... ugh! Very loud. Too over-the-top. Used the same ridiculous lines with every table while taking orders, bringing the food, and collecting the check. Instead of trying to be Mister Funny, he should have been paying attention to our water glasses that were empty and we had to ask for refills twice. The manager doing the "table visits" barely approached our table, as he breezed by several tables at once asking us all if everything was ok. I didn't get the sense he was actually interested in a response, but rather just checking our table off his list for the hour.Lastly, the thing that really was a bummer about our evening was the flies. Yes, flies! I expect that when I dine on a patio, but when I'm inside eating in a nicer restaurant, I don't want to have to keep shoo-ing bugs away from my food. If this is what we were experiencing in the dining room, it makes you wonder what the kitchen is like. Not good. Not good at all.
5	Four stars for lunch, five stars for brunch. Ive enjoyed every dish Ive had here but the reason that I rate New South slighty lower for lunch is that the small plates are a bit overpriced which is unfortunate since the small plates are actually better than the big entrees. I love making a meal of a few small plates for he variety-I sometimes get taste fatigue-but at New South, the prices make that hard to do. Now that Ive gotten the negative out of the way, Ill go to the positive and talk about my favorite dishes. The pulled pork spring rolls are excellent. Sometimes pork is dry and tasteless but the pork here is tender and bursting with flavor and that already excellent flavor is enhanced by the sweet chili sauce that it's served with. When I go for small plates, I usually get the spring rolls and the fried green tomatoes. My favorite entree is the pecan crusted trout. I adore nut encrusted fish since the nuts give it texture and crunch without having to deep fry. This dish seems to be prepared slightly differently everytime I go but its always awesome. Ive had it topped with lemon butter sauce and Ive also had it topped with tabasco aoili. The veggies that are offered as side dishes are always super fresh since they come from local farms but since side dishes are five dollars a piece (!!!), i only eat them when they come with my entreeBrunch is more affordable than lunch and the dishes remain great. I like to start my brunch by ordering a basket of muffins (you can also buy an individual muffin for 50 cents if you dont have a big group though they dont advertise this on the menu). They rotate the muffin flavors and the coffee cake ones are devine. The stand out brunch dish is the Southern eggs benedict. This dish consists of grit cakes topped with pulled pork, eggs, and Hollandaise sauce. The combination of flavors is amazing-I dont usually go for egg dishes because eggs are so plain tasting but the combination of the eggs, the juicy pork, and the lemony Hollandaise is supremely enjoyable. This dish also allows me to enjoy the same delicious pork that is in the aforementioned spring rolls in a dish thats much more filling and substantial. Charlotte has a lot of great brunch places but I think New South has the best.
4	I expected to dislike New South. I've been living in the South for thirteen years now, and as a Northern transplant, I've come to appreciate that not all Southern cooking means meatloaf and mac n' cheese. I had my suspicions that New South would be the kind of place that would try an upscale approach to Southern comfort food, which often times takes the "comfort" out of the dish.New South does exactly that, blend an upscale approach with a respect for traditional Southern cooking. And it left me pleasantly surprised. Take their fried green tomatoes, for example. A fairly standard dish, yet in their capable hands, a delectible, savory starter that had me sopping up the crumbs with their homemade bread. I say this with no reservation: Best Fried Green Tomatoes Ever!The shrimp and grits also left me pleasantly surprised. Instead of what we've come to expect, a dish that's often left floating in a mass of gooey cream sauce, the chef tempers the dish in a delicious light mushroom sauce, thich enough to give the grits that consistency the dish needs. I thoroughly enjoyed this new approach to a classic dish.  The dessert, a dish of fried blueberry pie coupled with a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream, was to die for. The perfect ending to a surprising dinner.I'm looking forward to dining at New South again.
5	This place is smart, tasteful and makes me excited about food again. We just returned from Las Vegas, land of over priced restaurants and uninspired buffets. Our last meal was at Gordon Ramsay's steak. The food was small lacking flavor and three times the price I would have paid for the meal. New south Kitchen is everything food should be. Brave and bold and organic and fresh. My pork chop was cooked perfect and perfectly paired with its sides of cream corn and kale and pink lady field peas. This is a perfect date place  craft beers bustling bar and a nice moody atmosphere. Leave the kids at home for this one although they have a kid menu that is nicely priced it is not where their strength lies. Look at my reviews, I rarely give 5 stars but the New South Kitchen deserves 6!Hurry and get here you are missing out!
5	A wonderful restaurant. They change up the menu to use fresh items and have a wonderful viewpoint in the preparation. Sue is the best - friendly and fun-- and her Hubby is executive cook extraordnaire.Great wine specials!
1	We set out to go to brunch this morning only to find that they are closed. Very disappointed that yelp says that they open at 9am. They need to update to their actual hours whatever they are because I have no idea.
4	The fried chicken is perfectly seasoned, tender, juicy & possibly the best I have had!  Will definitely be back to try one of the daily chefs specials.
4	This is a really nice little sort of Nuevo Southern place but unlike most Nuevo - whatever places it doesn't try too hard it's reasonably priced and pretty much seems to get it right. Our lunch started with some yummy biscuits with apple butter and a three berry (I think three) jelly. I couldn't decide which I liked more. I went with the Lemon Pepper chicken sandwich with fries both were delicious. Mom had the  chicken salad also delicious. The service was fast and friendly. So give them a try next time you think you want Le Peep they're right next door.
3	We went there for lunch right after it opened. Considering the reviews and the price, I was expecting more than a booth with a paper menu. Anyways, the waitress had an opinion (always weird to hear them say they don't like something!) and we ordered the chicken plate and the deep friend turkey plate. They brought out a cinnamon and sugar muffin and a biscuit. If these things were warmed I would've cancelled the order and just eaten these. That biscuit with a little butter and the blackberry jam they provides? Best thing there. Nice to see a local business provided the jams, too.So the turkey was....ok. Deep frying didn't do anything for it, I think. Two of the pieces were so dried out that I couldn't cut them. The cornbread stuffing was not to my liking but that's probably because cornbread stuffing isn't the way I prefer my stuffing so don't judge it by that if you like it. There was no cranberry sauce (really? With a turkey plate?) or mashed potatoes - which turned out to be a good thing. My partner's chicken was pretty basic. Smallish chicken cutlets, fried, over mashed potatoes and services with haricot verts. They called them thin green beans for the people who don't know French food terms. It was all....ok. Except when I tried the mashed potatoes and realized they were INSTANT. We all know what instant potatoes taste a like. A $13 lunch plate with 2 small cutlets, some, ahem, thin green beans and a scoop of mashed and you couldn't give REAL potatoes? That's unforgivable. I should've gotten some with my turkey but I'm glad I didn't. All in all, with 2 sodas, it was $31. I can think of about 20 places to spend that kind of money on lunch and get something tastier - starting with my favorite pizza place. Ice hears they do a great dinner and I see them on the a Restaurant Week list. It seems like a fool of the dice for me. I might skip further visits. All because of those mashed potatoes.
4	Wow. Great service and knew the menu really well. Dinner of pork chops with sweet potatoes and cabbage were off the hook.
3	I have eaten here many times. I like that they  patronize local farms, vendors and breweries. The crab cakes,Shrimp &Grits , Fried Turkey and Dressing are good. Fried Green Tomatoes for an appetizer are really good, as is the pimento cheese. My only complaint would be that service is inconsistent. On a few occasions, we have  had servers who were not very attentive, even when the restaurant was not crowded.  You should not have to flag down servers and repeatedly ask for items. And a server should greet you and take drink orders within 5 minutes of being seated, IMHO.
5	I swear this is the BEST food in Charlotte.  Their servers could use a little pizazz but honestly...the food makes you forget about them.  This is farm to table, and tastes like something you wished your mother knew how to make.  Everything is good for the soul and you leave craving it so much...you go back the next day.  Awesome job...wish it were in a better spot to give some of the Ballantyne/Blakeney 'typicals' a run for their money.
4	The food at this restaurant is amazing!  Everything my husband and I had exceeded our expectations.  It was very fresh and I love how they use locally sourced ingredients and grass fed beef.  Their sustainable fish from NC comes in fresh daily.  It is too bad that this restaurant is not somewhere like Ballantyne with more space.  The food is so good but the restaurant is so small and kind of hidden at the Arboretum.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the lack of friendliness of the staff.  The nicest person we had contact with was Lauren but we were disappointed by the rest of the staff.  They seem to all be rather curt, not at all personable and just lack customer service.  For the caliber of food they should have service more like the server we had at Vivace.  That server took the time to welcome us, go over the menu and specials, make recommendations and was extremely courteous.  The food as I said was some of the best I've had in Charlotte.  Probably the only place comparable is Customshop.  The service is just not inviting and didn't wow us.  If they could get some more space and train their staff on customer service or hire new people they would do really well.  Give it a try.  The food is worth it!  I want to go back for breakfast and lunch.  i just wish I could help them in the areas where they are weak.  I would love to see a restaurant like this have multiple locations.  It is so hard to find fresh food, made from scratch, without all kinds of junk, processed ingredients.
5	Huge fan of New South! I stumbled across this by accident for lunch and it was so great we've been back every weekend since. Not only is the food delicious it is also all local which is very important to me. Of course this means it's a little pricier but trust me, it's well worth it. The wait staff has always been pleasant! The bartenders are super knowledgeable about the menu and make a delicious cucumber cooler. Try out New South - you won't be disappointed.
4	We decided to come here for Easter Sunday, basically it was one of the only places I could reserve. I was dining with my mother and grandmother and we were immediately seated. The place has a nice decor, colored chalk boards list the local farmers they use and also the local brews they offer. We came at 11:15 so this was brunch. We started with the fried green tomatoes, not my number one favorite but a top contender. My mother got the penne pasta with chicken, grandmother got the salmon with grit cakes and I got the lemon chicken sandwich and got the braised greens in the side.  Since we were served brunch we were also offered a biscuit or a sugar muffin- sugar muffin please!!! All 3 of us were happy with what we choose. Moms pastas had some good flavors but to me you can order that anywhere, nanas salmon had all kinda stuff going on, the grit cakes, Brussels sprouts, and the salmon on top, all were cooked GREAT! She also got a side of Mac n cheese which was totally not worth the extra $5 they charged her. My lemon chicken sandwich had goat cheese and a tomato compote with a nice herbal mayonnaise, I took the bread off for carb purposes and was happy with the way it tasted! The sugar muffin ended up being a happy surprise and dessert!
3	We stumbled across this place when we were down far south on Providence Road.  The look and feel of this place felt like something I would see on Restaurant Impossible after the makeover....not sure why...For an appetizer, we ordered the Pecan Crusted Goat cheese...wow...this restaurant is not f'n around when they call these items 'Small Plates'.  The goat cheese was good, but about the size of a super ball you get in a vending machine....Next...the bread and butter came out...I love bread and butter...this I did not love.  It wasn't 'just ok', or a non-factor....it was horrible..if that is even possible for bread.  Usually you can just salvage the crust, or just drench it with butter, but not this time.  It was kind of like eating compressed dust...For dinner, we got the KT's Penne, which was very delicious.  The sauce was unique and fresh tasting with some good bacon mixed throughout.  They should bottle it up....why not?Overall, the service was great and the food (except the bread...wow) was good.
2	We were excited to try this restaurant for brunch as a friend recommended it, although she hadn't been there in a while, which might explain things, I'm not certain if something changed in between when she went and when we went, but, we didn't have a very pleasant experience. We went here on Easter Sunday after church and walked to the hostess stand to inquire of a table. There was one family of 4 waiting in that area, no one else. We were asked if we had a reservation and we said no, we did not. We were then informed, quite rudely, that the only place they could seat us was outside on the front patio facing the parking lot. I turned around and looked again at the family of 4 and thought to myself, that's interesting, it isn't like you have a long wait or anything, and if THEY were sitting there waiting for an interior table then THEY must have had a reservation from what the hostess just told us. Okay, we said, seat us outside, A bit chilly that day, but not really an issue for our party of 3. Service by our waiter was EXCELLENT, for having to go in and out so many times through the front doors and his friendliness and professionalism. He gets 5 stars. The food and the hostesses, not so much. I ordered a huevos rancheros and first off, the portion was that of less than a child's plate. Oh well, I though, keeps my caloric intake in check I guess. The eggs were completely overcooked, the salsa nearly non-existent, a few teensy pieces of cilantro tossed on and the "tortilla strips" were tossed on as an afterthought. The plate was served messy, zero appeal whatsoever. The potatoes underneath were totally overcooked and burnt. My daughter had a pasta dish that was oversauced and the chicken overcooked in it. My better half had hash and eggs, with his eggs also overcooked and the hash was really only cubed potatoes like mine were, and overdone. A final note on the "reservations" needed, we noted that maybe, just maybe, a total of 5-6 families go inside when we were there, 2 of those families seated outside in the same patio area as we were. Going inside to use the restroom and taking a quick peek at the dining room, it was only 3/4 full, plenty of space to have put us at a table. Now that's frustrating. We won't be back.
4	We have been to new south several times over the past several months. The food has always been great. We have had a myriad of menu options and each dish has never disappointed. The service has always been friendly. The only complaint is the ambiance. I really wish they would update their tables, chairs, floors, bathrooms etc...
3	I went here a couple of months after it opened and had mixed experiences.  So we did not visit for 4ish years.But now we enjoy going and enjoy the creative menu. We usually sit in the bar area. We have had great to inattentive service. The food is creative but lacks execution to the the description. Boiled peanut hummus was great.  A waiter taking care of their co-worker over us was not.I hope the owners can get the staff to be better professionals when they are not there.  The blonde bar tender is so aloof and inattentive, but it seems she is in charge.  Why can't Charlotte have Charleston standards of restaurants even when we have four culinary schools?
5	Best food in South Charlotte. Truly!  Local farm-to-table, local brew...amazing food EVERY SINGLE TIME.
4	Went with 3 friends, happily surprised with half price bottles of wine on Tuesday! Waiter was friendly. They were out of shrimp, and I was really wanting the shrimp and grits but got the Carolina burger instead. It was yummy and thick! Our table split the fries green tomatoes, they were delicious!!!
5	Great meals, great service, not the usual menu, and quite unassuming. Fantastic place for something nice and reasonably priced.
5	Excellent meal - fresh and homemade. Planning to come back for chicken and waffles. Love that many ingredients are from local farms.
4	This is a very nice restaurant. Nice and big and not too crowded seating.The Queens Feast was an excellent deal. We got some delicious food for only $30.it didn't start out great.. our waitress came over with water and happened to have a glass of wine on her tray and spilled that on us right away... my only complaint is she should have comped us something for that aggravation.
4	My first time coming here was for restaurant week.   And I'm so glad that we came.  My husband and I ordered the pull pork rolls and the fried green tomatoes.   The fried green tomatoes was just ok. But I loved the pull pork rolls.  Very good.  My husband ordered the pork chop medallions and I ordered the pan fried chicken.  Both dishes was delicious.   For dessert, my husband got the pecan pie bread budding and I got the shortcake.   I was very pleased with this place.  This restaurant is now on my favorite list.   Good job New South.  :)
5	The staff are great! They're very friendly and accommodating. The food is absolutely amazing. I went for restaurant week and enjoyed everything. The redneck cheeseboard and shrimp & grits with actual stoneground grits were fantastic. The chocolate mousse and wine were absolutely fantastic as well. They did a really good job timing all of the food which can be a problem during restaurant week for some of the restaurants. I can't recommend this place enough.
4	My first visit was for restaurant week. If they can treat people this well during a $30 meal week then they have to be amazing all other times of the year as well.  We loved the atmosphere as well. Our server was so sweet and attentive.  The food was absolutely delicious and so great. My suggestion is the Pork Tenderloin dish! My goodness. I will be going back.....often!
5	We have eaten at New South twice now.  Once for dinner and today for brunch.  Everything is fresh and well prepared.  Pulled pork springrolls, deviled eggs and pimento cheese were tasty small plates.  The chicken and waffles are amazing; pork tenderloin, creamy corn and mac n cheese delicious.  Brunch was just as good, with bacon that definitely had the farm to table freshness and flavor difference. We will be regulars. Don't miss this gem in the Arboretum.
3	The big and small plates were great.... BBQ shrimp and the cheese plate with only the cheddar. I had the veggie plate with squash (zucchini and yellow a little chunky but good), mac n cheese (penne and velveta-esq) and collard greens ( they were great. not too bitter I like the vinegar approach)  my dining buddy had the fried chicken. It was flavorful and tender. The mashed potatoes were homemade and the green beans were not cooked to death.... The bread was bland and not warm as others have stated. Both big and small plates were Delish... The service sucked. When we first entered we were told that a table needed to be prepared. The hostess walks away and comes back. We were seated next to a fly inhabited window. Which was more so annoying than disgusting.... Ok it was actually both. We weren't up sold on wine or cocktails even tea. We were given the pitcher of water and that was it.  We ordered our small plates and then we were asked if he wanted to take our menus. Do ppl only order small plates here? We want to eat its 7:00 in the evening... After a bit of observing I realized that the tables are already preset and there were only about 5 other taken tables. Why we had to wait for a table to be put together? I'm not sure. We heard about the snapper special and soup of the day from the same server seating the table behind us.  Boooooooo Scott... I'll try again with a different dining buddy on a busier day and see if anything changes. For now you get 3 stars and that is because the food was delicious.  #MaybeNextTime
2	Not very interesting execution of their lunch items.Smoked trout spread was heavy on the mayo.But, very nice staff!
5	This was one of the best dinners I've had out in a long time.  We had the zucchini fries and pimento cheese small plates to start.  Both were wonderful!! I got a mushroom burger which was awesome and he had the trout which was delicious.  And for dessert we ate the chocolate mouse which again was perfect.  We are definitely coming back again.  The staff was pleasant and I couldn't be happier with our experience.
4	Great Food & Service!
4	This is a very good restaurant. It's close to my home so I eat here a lot. I wasn't sure whether to give it three or four stars so I settled on four.  Good burgers and good eggs. I'm not wild about this place but it's good food.
1	Visited this restaurant for the first time with my boyfriend and it was awful. The service was very unattentive and slow. We ordered an omelet and egg rolls and it took thirty minutes for our food and we were the only two in the restaurant. And let's not talk about the mixed drinks. Will never go back.
5	This place was great! My boyfriend and I were in town from California and happened into here. My chicken was the best I have ever had and my boyfriend who is from North Carolina said the fried green tomatoes and  sour cream apple pie were the best he has had. I would recommend this to anyone who loves good food.
5	Two friends and I found this gem after getting our nails done in the arboretum, and we are so happy we did! We started with the pork belly (delicious!) and a 1/2 priced bottle of wine. We tried the shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, and the deep fried turkey; all of which were phenomenal!!! I tend to be picky and I almost licked my plate clean it was so delicious! We got the bangeits (spelling, sorry!) for dessert which came with some type of sauce to dip them in which was really really good. The service was pretty average; quiet but friendly and efficient server. I am so happy this place is so close by and I definitely will be back!
4	Most everything there is done very well.  Desserts not so much. But then don't order dessert and you and your waistline will be very happy. :)
2	We went here for an early dinner. The place was confusing as far as decor goes. The bar area had one vibe and then the dining area had old looking booths that were a bit dated. We got small plates for our meal and shared between the two of us. We left feeling hungry and like we wasted our money. Deviled eggs-Too mustardy for my likingPulled pork egg rolls- The favorite at the table. Not bad but not worth the priceGrilled romaine- bad version of a caesar salad. It didn't have a good taste.BBQ Shrimp- my favorite they were pretty good, but barely luke warmFried green tomatoes- bland breading, disappointing sauceIt was a complete miss for me and my boyfriend. I do not think we will make it back.
5	New South is awesome!! Just go and enjoy one Charlotte's very best restaurants. Great bar, great service and the food is always delicious.
