3	This restaurant is by the same people that did China Grill but it lacks the same flair. I like the sandwiches at the cafe section.. I have to admit... but everything else seems a little weird..
5	So I went to Vegas with a very unadventuresome coworker....I can't count the number of times that she had a burger with cheese and lettuce...that's it.So all the gastronomical experiences that were possible in vegas were wasted on her and I didn't get the chance to really flex my expense account muscles....except here.  We ate here twice (yeah, she liked it that much)...and it was great both times.  In the Red and Blue sections you can order off either menu.  The first time I got the Red White and Blue Cobb Salad - with lobster.  It was delish - and they had a great pinot grigio that went well with it.  The second time I got a taco salad.  Also great.  The desserts - well in my case, the cakes....were A-MAZ-ING.  All for a very reasonable price.  The stacked sandwiches were huge and looked really good.Of all the places I was dragged to (umm, margaritaville) this one has no complaints from me.
1	Disgusting...blah.  I am not real picky when it comes to casual restaurants.  But I have to admit, some of this food was barely edible.  The calamari was so chewy, it tasted like rubber.  The turkey burger ordered by one comrade came out pink.  That is a little scary since turkey really should be thoroughly cooked.  My eggplant ravioli was tolerable but made my husband gag.  One person ordered the pastrami sandwich and picked at it...and I have to say, we are not the kind to snub our noses at good sandwiches.  The only thing that was pretty good was the chicken pot pie.  On top of the nasty food, our waitress seemed completely stoned.  It took her 10 minutes to get us our drinks and she would disappear for several minutes at a time.  When we asked her questions, she had not clue what the answer was and had to go ask someone else.  Seriously incompetent.  So, my suggestion is to steer clear of this place.
5	This place is pretty yums and the prices are great! I got a sirloin cheesburger with fries for $11.. In Vegas, in the Mandelay Bay? That's great, don't-cha think? It was really good too. The service wasn't phenomenal, but it was good. I got a refill without asking for it and he was nice.It was open pretty late too.. I think we got there around 11-ish? I was happy..:)
2	Denny's quality food with Las Vegas quantity prices.  Pass.
2	WhatEVER.
3	I'm struggling with this review.  I didn't enjoy our meal there (crumbs on the seat, slow service) but my husband thought it was great. (of course he didn't have crumbs stuck to the back of his legs...)  I'll split the difference and give it a 3.The service was very slow and lackluster.  We had to almost stalk our waiter to get him to refill our drinks.  (I hate it when your server doesn't even look over at you to see how you are doing.)   I ordered a Reuben which was substandard, it was very light on the kraut and the dressings wasn't well distributed which caused some of the bread to become so soggy it broke apart.  My husband did enjoy his sandwich of pastrami and corned beef and the onion rings were quite good.  My best friend and husband asked for about 5 million different dipping sauces which they did gladly bring out to us.
1	If I could give no stars I would. The food wasn't really good, the waiter was super mean and ignored us though it was slow, they had no music on so all you heard was the clanking on plates and forks and waiters yelling stuff...but at least it was expensive! I hate giving bad reviews and I am really sad about this but I need to spread the word and save others from this terrible place. I usually have a great time in LV but this place made me run screaming!Eat someplace else. Red, White and Blue was terrible. You can get better food and service someplace else in the same hotel. Trust me-we stayed at the hotel R,W & B was located and there are other places to eat-not to mention all the great places on the strip. Save yourself and your wallet the pain and go someplace else. :-)
4	This place has THE BEST onion soup I've ever had.  The cheese was VERY thick, and there was so much onions packed into the soup!  It was like a volcano over-flowing with lava.  The buffalo chicken wings and shrimp scampi were pretty good, but the rib eye steak with bone in it was disappointing.  It was a bit over-cooked and thin.  The service was quite attentive and friendly.  Also, the bar across from this restaurant was blasting their music beginning from 9:30pm so it was very noisy sitting outside.  I would definitely eat here again (earlier though) when I come back to Vegas.
1	Was so hungry for breakfast but everything was so pricey, ended up getting an apple danish which costs $4 and it wasn't even good! Too much flour and was chewy. A colleague mentioned that he had a burger which costs $20 of which he took a bite and left everything behind coz it was overly dry. Another colleague had a $25 salad which was similarly disappointing as well. I'm sorry, my apple danish was enough to leave me with little or no desire to return to try anything else and since many others described their disappointment of lunch and dinner items!
2	$25 for a burger and a coke.  Why no, not a Kobe burger.  A turkey burger.We sat on the "outside" patio so we could watch the crowd go by.  Oh, and to also horribly inconvenience our waiter by being in his section.  That's a bit harsh, but a serious pet peeve of mine is when you sit down at a restaurant, and your server basically tells you in advance that your service will most likely suck but it's not his fault because a) it's finals week; b) he had a rough night; c) his mother didn't breast feed him; d) whatever other stupid reason he feels is relevant for giving you crap service and knowing that he'll give you crap service before it even happens; but rather than try to give you good service, would rather make an excuse as to why he's so crappy a server.  I sense a HOOGE tip in your future sweetie.IF you screw up and we seem angry, then apologize and offer the reason why you may be a little off, if you must.  But to start things off with that?  Instant failure.  Then when we ask for separate checks to say you're not sure and you have to check with a manager?  Sweetie, how long have you worked here?  I'll come over to your computer screen and show you how to split a check.  How's college going for you anyway?He totally rubbed me the wrong way and for mediocre food served in a mediocre location with mediocre service at exorbitant prices, I'm just not in all that forgiving of a mood.If I'm going to get reamed for my meal, I may as well eat somewhere nice.
2	Not impressed with service and food was decent.  it's a good place for sharing during lunch, though.  don't order a dish for yourself!!  i hate places where you have to ask for refills even on WATER!  we were a party of 2 and a party of 4 sat down 10 min after us, they got their lunch b4 us.  WTF!the smoked salmon with capers and cream cheese with toast is YUMMY great for breakfast or a light lunch.
4	Must get: the American breakfast with ham.  The ham was awesome.
2	I would definitely avoid this place.  The potato skins and wings were awesome, but who can't make those?The double burger was $17 and the worst burger I've ever had.  Seriously, McD's is preferable.The service was pretty bad too.  There was a 15 minute wait at 4pm, which was totally not worth it and the hostess was remarkably rude in this service oriented town.With all the options in Vegas, I'm sad I came here.
1	Waiter: "Good morning, can I get you something to drink?"Me: "Do you have hot tea? Green tea?"Waiter: "Sorry, we do not."Me: "Ok, well, do you have fresh squeezed orange juice?"Waiter: "We have orange juice."Me: "Is it fresh squeezed?"Waiter: "At on point it was. Sorry!"Me: "Umm, can we just get water?"*Waiter walks away to get water.**We take a look at the menu, get up, return the menus to the hostess, and leave*
3	eh, it serves beer and has good service! That is where the 3 stars came from. Otherwise, the food is best served to the starving who have to get back to their conference.
3	Wonderful service, nice decor, safe menu.  turkey sandwich standard fare, good pastrami sandwich.
1	Ever finish a meal and feel full but very unsatisfied?  That's how we felt after our lunch at Red, White and Blue.  After deciding not to wait an hour at the Burger Bar, we reluctantly settled for Red, White and Blue as hunger pangs began to wear us down.  I ordered the lobster cobb salad and my BF had the mushroom and cheese burger.  When our plates arrived, I immediately grabbed an onion ring off my BF's plate.  It was lukewarm.  WTF?  I'm sorry, but I'm paying $17 for a burger and onion rings, the onion rings better be burn-my-finger-off hot out of the fryer.  The onion ring tasted like it was straight out of a commercial-sized bag of frozen rings.  The burger was no better.  I don't know what it was but my salad was just incredibly bland.  It wasn't just me.  My BF took a bite and had the same impression.  At $22 a salad, it was sorely lacking.Our server seemed like he'd rather be any place else than serving at the restaurant.  What a pisser.  Crappy-pricey food and indifferent service.  The only thing good about the experience was that we didn't have to wait to get seated.  Spend your money elsewhere.
1	Bland overpriced random American type food...  really not very memorable.  I just got a salad, the Chinese type one.  Dressing was very overpowering.  N/A Watermelon Lemonade drink was an odd blend of water, separated watermelon juice and serra mist?...  uck!The only thing exciting here was Hulk Hogan and his young girlfriend eating lunch inside.  Maybe for convience like we did, I hope.  He was working near our group at a Gold's Gym Convention.
3	Just another OK restaurant at Mandalay Bay. Before going out, we didn't want to spend too much time or go anywhere far to eat since we were planning to go out that night. We walked around the hotel, and decided to eat at Red, White and Blue. When we sat down, we thought the restaurant was pretty nice. Service at the restaurant was attentive and our waiter was nice. The only problem I had was the same opinion as Angel L. I ordered the Eggplant Ravioli which sounded absolutely delicious. However when the food came, the portion was so small. I don't mind food portions being small, but the rest of the group had also ordered pastas and their portions were about two times the size at the same price. So that left me and the other girl who ordered the same dish as me baffled. We both finished off our Eggplant Ravioli dishes and were still hungry. That's how small it was. So we were both disatisfied.On top of that, the food wasn't all that great. The Eggplant Ravioli sounded great on the menu, but it didn't taste that great. I swear there was barely any Eggplant in it. I was expecting whole pieces, but it was maybe a tiny piece per Ravioli. Just another mediocre restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.
3	an american restaurant located in mandalay bay. somewhat high prices. if you are a vegetarian, NOT WORTH IT. if you are a meat-eater, you might just like this place.i got the eggplant ravioli for 18 bucks. it was very boring and not memorable. i finished it and felt a little lonely, as my family gobbled down their meaty meals. thank goodness i had some potato skins (no bacon) for an appetizer, which was actually good and cheesy.not entirely full, i picked at my sister's shrimp scampi linguine (which definitely tasted a LOT better than my ravioli) and shoinked my little sister's corn-on-the-cob. her dish was pretty worth it. i forgot the price, but you get two slabs of bbq ribs, side of potato salad, cole slaw and corn-on-the cob. like i said, if you are a meat-eater, you might enjoy the place. skip it if you're a veg head. you can get better pasta elsewhere.
2	Strolling by this restaurant, we were drawn to it due to its appealing menu and the large crowd at the restaurant.  However, after dining here, I am convinced that everyone else stumbled upon this restaurant the same way we did and they are fortunate to have a location convenient to those looking for food, and plenty of outdoor seating that creates an illusion of popularity.Okay, maybe I'm slightly harsh but this is the first place I've ever ordered a corn beef hash and had to actually add salt to it.. normally I tend to think it could use less salt.  I also like my food a little on the plain side so I never add salt to my food in general, but it was just too plain this time.  I'll give them credit for using actual corned beef brisket pieces, though I think I actually prefer the fake/processed corned beef that comes out of a can in my corned beef and hash.  I agree with the "bland and overpriced" reviews.
2	If you want to be safe, go with any of the grilled sandwiches. They're frickin' delicious.So, yeah...I think you'd have to want what they offer on the menu to enjoy an experience here. If you're looking for OK American (and I mean american, not american fusion or any of the other subcategories) the this is....OK.The service is hit and miss, although it's been alright most of the time that I've been there. Larger groups won't benefit here and I've never gotten an entire meal served correctly (I'm talking 6+ people).
2	Been here some 3 times and its always hit or miss...mostly miss.  First time, had the spaghetti and meatballs - the pasta was watery.  2nd time, had the BLT - there's nothing better than a mile high BLT stacked with bacon. Very good.  3rd time, Chicken noodle soup.  Never again.  How do you screw up Chicken noodle soup!  It wasn't flavorful at all.  In fact, it tasted like they threw in all the ingredients with a watered down can of chicken broth.
2	We ate here right before the New Kids on the Block concert. The waitress was very nice, but the food was just mediocre...I ordered their Tuna Melt, and was happy that the taste wasn't as strong (so I wouldn't have onion breath at the concert). However, there was a lack of flavor. I enjoyed the dill pickle more than the sandwich. My side was a macaroni salad, and it was just ok as well...Probably wouldn't come back to eat here again if I had to. The dessert display in the front looked good though!
1	ONE WORD: TERRIBLE.Aside from the hostess being very pleasant, I can't say a positive thing about this place.  The server was determined to act as disinterested as possible and the food was equally unimpressive.  My wife ordered matzoh ball soup which was basically Campbell's basic chicken noodle with a dough ball plopped in the middle.  Okay, so maybe it's best to stick to the traditional American fare at a place called "Red, White, and Blue".  Unfortunately that didn't work either as the burger and onion rings I had tasted just as plain as what you'd get from the frozen food aisle of your local grocery store.  Pretty disappointing considering the soup cost $10 and the burger was $16.  Aside from bringing the food, the server refilled drinks once and then brought us the check.  Didn't ask if we wanted additional drinks, to order dessert, or anything else.  He seemed fairly annoyed at the presence of anyone in his section.  Perhaps it distracted his football-watching on a Sunday afternoon.  The mumbling and avoidance of all eye contact and acknowledgment was a pretty nice bonus too.  I guess there's a first time for everything and this was my first time eating at a full-service restaurant without leaving a tip. Overall, by far the worst place I've eaten in Vegas both food and service-wise.
2	Typical American eatery at a casino. Nothing fancy, everything catering to big gamblers (and no, I'm not referring to "whales") in need of refueling.Popped in here before driving back to San Diego and we consumed enough calories to make the drive, including a round of rush hour.In desperate need of comfort food, I supplemented my mimosa (9$ for what looked like a shooter - ouch) with a big hot mess of open faced turkey sandwich, chunky mashed potatoes and succotash smothered in gravy. Heart attack on a plate. And it did the trick. Surprisingly enough, the mashed potatoes were actually good.Unfortunately our waiter forgot to put in our wing order, so they came out as a dessert. Fortunately they also came off the bill. (Can you tell this was a post-drinking extravaganza meal?)I didn't order one, but the sandwiches I saw throughout the restaurant were as big as my head. Literally. You'd be well served to share...or not.Nice waiter. Cutesy ambiance. Not bad for a quick bite.
2	The best thing this restaurant has going for it is its location. It's pretty convenient to Mandalay Bay guests and one of the more affordable places to eat in the general area. We ate at Red, White and Blue twice and each time was okay - nothing to write home about. I wouldn't seek it out again - but do give it a few points for convenience. The wait staff wasn't stellar. In fact, each time I ate there the wait staff didn't hardly visit our table, but the bussers and other staff were helpful.
1	This is a "save yourself now if you are looking at this on mobile" review:Stale fault ridden creepy dried out yogurt.Stale pastries and bread meant for prisons.Rancid bowls of hairy fruit.Bananas that look like they were sat on by King Kong 3 weeks ago.All this is yours, and illness... for far, far too much.Seriously.... you could get a banana, coffee, and some pastry for *MORE* money than you could for the $15.99 ULTIMATE treat that is the bayside buffet.  Oh please don't make me walk past that joint again.Ugh.
5	*Review for restaurant, NOT "On-the-Go" bakery/deli.Why all the negative reviews??!  How anyone cannot love this place, I am truly flabbergasted.  This is hands down now my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  My family had a choice of eating at any Mandalay Bay restaurant complimentary of the casino and since we didn't want to go back to Raffles (read review), we chose Red, White and Blue Restaurant.  The "On-the-Go" is right next to it, and even though it was awhile ago, I remember the sandwiches from that part of the restaurant weren't that great.  We were seated immediately and our server was really friendly and accommodating.Everything on the menu looked very enticing, so we just ordered whatever the hell we wanted since it was free.  We ordered and shared: a large Caesar salad, Fried Calamari, the Main Lobster, BBQ Baby Back Ribs, a Turkey sandwich, and the Mushroom/Chicken Penne, with a side order of Garlic Toast; then a Banana Split for dessert (check out the photos I submitted).CAESAR SALAD:  You can't really mess up so we weren't expecting much, since we were starving.  We were pleasantly surprised when it was absolutely delicious, since they had their own type of Caesar dressing.  I can't explain it, but it was so good!FRIED CALAMARI:  I don't like squid, but this was simply amazing!  It was very crunchy (on the outside) and chewy, with lots of flavor.**MAIN LOBSTER**:  This was seriously THE BEST DISH in the house.  My mother was skeptical on ordering this since she was afraid their seafood might not be fresh, but she saw someone order it, so she did as well.  I'm not a very big seafood person and normally don't eat lobster, but I absolutely loved it.  The lobster was so fresh, tasty, with the right amount of chewiness.  The Baked Potato that came along with it was also huge!BBQ BABY BACK RIBS:  These were good, but the lobster was better :)TURKEY SANDWICH:  My sister ordered this and I only had one bite.  It's a cold sandwich, which I wasn't really feeling - but it was average tasting.MUSHROOM/CHICKEN PENNE:  Tasty and flavorful pasta with big chunks of chicken, but again, the lobster was better!GARLIC TOAST:  The first batch of Garlic Toast we received was actually burnt really badly.  We told our server and he immediately took it back in and gave us a new batch which was baked beautifully golden, and really tasty.BANANA SPLIT:  By this time, our server is like "Whaaaaat?  This family can eat!"  The banana split is served with soft-serve ice cream and you seriously cannot fail.  The banana was fresh, so it was pretty good.  The only thing that was sort of iffy was the strawberry syrup - it tasted sort of bitter to me.After all this, we noticed that some tables had a basket of bread.  We weren't served bread, so I asked my waiter if there was complimentary bread.  I'm assuming he's a very quick thinker on his feet 'cause he quickly responded with, "Yes, it's requested bread".  For first-timers, how do would they know you have to "request" complimentary bread?  We knew he was lying, but liked the fact that he thought of an answer so quickly and smoothly.  But yes, we requested we have bread!  I swear we're not a scarily obese family :)  Another waitress also slightly bumped into my father as she was walking by, apologized, served her table, and then actually came back to my father and apologized again.  This is what I call great and friendly customer service.  We left our server with an enormous tip and even asked him to thank the chef for us, 'cause in all honestly, the meal was one of the best we ever had in a long time.  It's even better than the Wynn buffet!  You might be thinking, "Maybe this girl doesn't know what good food is", but trust.  I know what good food is, with all my mountain-high standards.  THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE :)
4	Looking at the reviews it must really depend on what day you dine at the Red White and Blue.I was looking for a moderately priced place for dinner and found it in the Mandalay Bay. Red white and Blue is in a great location within the hotel and casino and the sidewalk seating provided an excellent opportunity for people watching.The service was very good, often bordering on being to attentive at times.An excellent version of a Long Island ice tea was an supurb start for dinner.I ordered the mixed BBQ grill, with chicken breast, small fillet, a few ribs and a Chorizo sausage. The grill came with some excellent seasoned vegetables - very enjoyable. I thought the preparation of the food to be very good and all the portions of the dinner had an excelloent and unique flavor.  The only negative to the whole experience was the hostess, who wanted to know if I wanted to sit at the bar and then looked offended when I said  Iwould like to dine at one of the oustide tables. The sandwiches looked very good and I am sure I'll return to sample the lunch fare.
3	Remember when this place used to be called Bleu Blanc Rouge?  Minus one star already for changing the name during the whole anti-French "freedom fries" era of ignorance.  Well, dummies, your bistrot is still showing!My hangover had me in "whatever" mode so I just ordered the first thing at the top of the menu that sounded good, the American breakfast of 2 eggs sunny side up, applewood smoked bacon, potatoes, and a giant butter croissant.  To drink, I had coffee and my breakfast came with oj.My croissant was really awesome, flaky fresh, and super buttery.  Except for the my eggs, the rest of my meal was eh.  Maybe my tastebuds and vision were impaired by alcohol consumption and psychotropic experience  from the night before but I could not taste any of the applewood flavoring in my bacon and my coffee, served in a paper cup because all the coffee cups were dirty, was absolutely ineffective.  We waited probably 15 minutes before anyone had acknowledged us and taken our order, but our food came out rather fast.  I wasn't feeling my American breakfast today, but in the past I've found the eggs benedict quite the bomb and lunches here satisfactory.  It's been a while on the lunches so I can't name specific entrees.  Service time is usually a miss, but the servers have always been pleasant, especially today's.  But being at the Mandalay, the prices are very violating.  Come here when you're ahead.
3	Came here for lunch with my old buddy Adrienne.  We were at a physical therapy convention in Mandalay Bay and only had an hour before our next talk so this was the most reasonably priced place we could find in the vicinity without resorting to the Pizza Hut at Excalibur.  Still, a turkey sandwich here was 14 bucks.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  What happened to the Vegas of yore, where prime rib dinners were 5 dollars and shrimp cocktail was 99 cents??  14 bucks is OUTRAGEOUS!  I like to think of myself as a man of relatively high morals.  I try to help out those in need, and believe in the virtues of honesty and self control.  Thus it goes without saying that paying 14 dollars for a turkey sandwich goes against every moral fiber in my body.  Thus I opted for the shrimp gumbo.  It turned out to be a good choice.  At 9 dollars, this was a good portion for lunch (although it was actually an appetizer) and it was hot and tasty.  It was served with a scoop of rice pilaf in the middle and surprisingly that meal held me over for the rest of the day.  It had a nice kick to it too.  They didn't hold back on the cayenne I believe.  So the food here is not bad.  In fact I'd say based on the soup and from looking around at other meals, the food is pretty good.  But it's still immoral, and morality trumps taste any day.  Plus they have no beers on tap.  SERIOUSLY??
1	I received horrible service and not great food. We returned utensils cause they we not clean and our food came before the replacements.  Now our food is sitting getting cold cause we are waiting for someone, anyone to come by.  We constantly had to ask the other tables waiter for things [BBQ sauce, ketchup, more water, the bill, etc] because our waiter would pass us by. I guess he could not see the disgruntled look on our faces or didn't care. Needless to say, we gave the other waiter the TIP in cash and gave our waiter NOTHING.
2	Pretty average, overpriced chophouse/grill. the bone in ribeye was kind of weak but the cream spinich was awesome.  really expensive for a poor grade of ribeye though.
2	We ate lunch here on the first day of a weekend Vegas trip.  After a four hour road trip we were looking forward to a nice lunch and cocktails.   I must say I wasn't very impressed.  We asked to have a table outside (which wasn't really outside, just made to look like it was outside) as it allows a great view for people watching.  They told us that there were no tables available, even though there clearly was about six empty outdoor tables. The food was mediocre and the price was double what it should have been.  I know it's vegas, but that doesn't mean bad food should cost so much.  My crab cakes were very small and burnt from the deep-fryer ( I don't think crab cakes should every be deep fried ).  My freinds had burgers which they though were ok and one had a Caeser salad, which he did like.  If they are trying to be patriotic when they named the restaurant I think they missed the idea.  Maybe they should rename it the Red, white & broke restaurant to describe your wallet after your lousy meal here.BOTTOM LINE:  Skip it! There are much better restaurants in Vegas if you're going to spend the money.
4	I admit that this was a lazy choice for a lunch spot, and we chose it mostly because we were really hungry and didn't feel like searching out anything more exciting.   We split some buffalo wings and a lobster cobb salad.   Despite being made with Iceburg lettuce (bleh) the salad was really good.  I didn't really taste much lobster, but I didn't miss it.  There was plenty of bleu cheese, bacon, chicken etc. and a nice simple balsamic.  The buffalo wings were really good.  I love buffalo wings... it's probably my favorite food.  The wings here are legit.  Good food, and the cheapest we ate all weekend.
2	The only complimentary thing I can recall about Red, White and Blue is that our waitress was nice. Other than that I don't see how this restaurant stays afloat other than the fact that it is located in Mandalay in a heavily trafficked area. The food was less than mediocre. My chicken pot pie was watery and tasteless. For $20 I expected quite a bit more. Their menu is lacking and unless you want to fork over nearly $20 for a burger you're out of luck for choices. You would be saving yourself money and hunger to just grab Jack in the Box down the street (yes, we thought it was that bad).
1	This is some expensive food for what you're ordering. I got the lance burton and the roast beef was so cold, it felt like it just came out of the freezer. The sandwich wasn't lacking on the meat portion though. I'd definitely go somewhere else.
1	Stopped by to pick up a quick sweet treat and got the rice crispy treat.  It was STALE!  The cereal was stale when they made it.  this place is gross.
3	As soon as our plane landed, my buddies and I were starving, so after we checked in at THEhotel, we decided to come here. The line was pretty long but it moved pretty quick. There was 10 of us (since it was my bachelor party), and one of the chicks working the front podium couldn't take a joke and was pretty bitchy to us. The other girl working/standing right next to her was super friendly, carried a conversation, asked what the occasion was, etc. Eventually, our table was ready... a little cramped, but they did their best to accommodate all of us. Our waitress was friendly (slightly manly voice) but she did her job good. I had the burger which was pretty good but the bread was too thick...you could barely taste the meat once you got through all the bread. Everyone else ordered the spaghetti, tuna sandwich, turkey club, bacon/cheddar/potato skins.... everything was pretty good. Nothing special, and the majito my buddy ordered was pretty good. In the end, we were pleased with the service, and the food was average.
3	great brunch...not too pricey
1	Terrible, and not cheap. The roast beef was bloody. The chicken salad was bland. The soda was watery. The only ray of light to our meal was the onion rings are super yummy. Would not suggest this place to anyone. With a million restaurants in Vegas you can find better anywhere else.
2	So this place is hosted in one of my favorite casinos in Las Vegas, but I didnt have the best meal here. I hate to say that. I came here many years ago and had the endive pecan salad and lamb. It was great and I loved it! I kept thinking for years that I needed to go back and get the same thing. Well I was in Las vegas visiting some friends and surprized my GF.. And we all decided to eat at the Red White and Blue. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with Mash Potatoes. I was HUGELY disappointed! It was cold and felt like it was under a heat lamp for hours! Plus the mash potatoes were hard and tasted like a mix and water mixed together. It pretty much looked like mass production being served. The staff was really friendly so I dont fault them there, but i was really disappointed with the food. I am sorry to say, but Ill give them 2 stars to just say it was edible but not the best and if you are going to vegas for a good time. I would skip this place. Next door is a china place and another great cafe.. Go to those instead! ok i hope im not banned from the THE HOTEL :)
1	After arriving in Vegas we only had a couple of hours to get ready and head to a show. We figured this would be a good spot to grab a sandwhich and salad since we figured it would be quick and painless.. Boy were we wrong!The service was good awful. We were in the middle of ordering our food. After getting halfway through our order the young lady told us that she could only take orders for certain sandwhices and that the other sandwhiches had to be ordered through some other employee. Huh?!  I am sure that is pretty confusing to read so you can only imagine the looks on our faces when she told us this... We ran to the other young lady who was rude and obnoxious. Then came the price. Three sandwhiches and a soup  and two waters for a grand total of 67 dollars!After getting robbed of my 67 bucks for some simple sanwhiches we were asked to sit at these designated tables for people who were ordering on the go. The tables were dirty. After about 15 minutes we walked up to the counter to inquire about our food. Well the food was simply sitting there as the young rude girl didnt seem to care about telling us that our food was ready.Skip this dump.
2	Just returned from another great trip to Vegas and stay at the Mandalay Bay.  Everything was top notch with the exception for our one visit to Red, White and Blue for breakfast one morning.   This is in contrast to breakfast we had the day before at the House of Blues (reviewed separately).We were seated right away (@9am weekday) but it took well over 15 minutes before we ordered.  The breakfast menu is very limited and very boring.  Nothing special except for the prices, which weren't special in a good way.   The room service breakfast menu had more choices (I checked when I got back to our room).I ordered the pancakes with apple cinnamon compote, my son's ordered the breakfast sampler (eggs, meat, potato's, toast) and blueberry crepes because they ran out of Belgian waffles.  How does one run out of waffles, unless they're are pre-made and probably frozen?!  Most Residence Inn's I stay at have waffle makers that turn out great Belgian waffles, so I couldn't understand this, and it was only 9:30am (by the time we ordered).  My wife just ordered a bagel since nothing really interested her.The apple cinnamon compote with  my pancakes turned out to be basic applesauce from a jar (judging by the look, texture and taste).   One of the pancakes (out of three) was a bit burnt on one side (the bottom one of course facing down).  I didn't feel like returning it risking anything "special" let alone waiting who knows how long.  Other than that, the pancakes were fine as pancakes go.The crepe's were okay, again, nothing special.  We had much better crepes at the Paris Le Buffet.  The breakfast sampler was the best of the bunch, but that's not saying much.  The scrambled eggs were done well, however. The service for the most part was slow.  Slow to get our orders, slow to arrive and slow for the check.  However our server did refill my coffee almost as soon as I finished my cup which for me, deserves a star by itself , hence two instead of one.  Needless to say, Red, White and Blue is not recommended for breakfast.  I can't speak to the other menus, but there are far better choices within the Mandalay Bay.
2	This is for the to-go deli. The line moved slowly here. I ordered the pre-made refrigerated penne salad. The salad consisted of penne, asparagus tips, cubed mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, basil, green beans and balsamic vinaigrette. For a pre-made salad it was satisfying but overpriced. The seating was limited to 8 bar stools. The tables were reserved for the patrons ordering from the regular menu, not the to-go counter. Seeing as there were few casual fast food options near the Mandalay events center, this was the only choice. It was fine but not great and we were still late for the concert.
3	Let's just say that the Red, White and Blue Restaurant is more like a bar or a pub, because the drink menu outweighs the food. The choices are very limited, the prices are pretty steep as well. $13 for a chicken salad sandwich w/fries... $16 for 2 eggs, 2 sausages, potatoes, toast & juice. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but I don't think it was worth the price I paid for it. The service was OK. Oh, and the view was less than stellar, we just happened to be there on the day of the tattoo convention at Mandalay Bay lol I've never seen so many tatted people in my life. It was an interesting lunch.
2	As a dedicated Yelper, I usually check places out before I visit them. This time I didn't. I blame vacation brain. It was the first day of our honeymoon and we were hungry and didn't want to spend much, so we ventured into Red, White and Blue. We were seated and the service was...okay. For as busy as the place was (it wasn't) I expected more than the slow service we got. Also, servers were huddled behind our table chatting with the bartenders which was pretty annoying. We both had burgers which were good, but anywhere else would have cost us a third less than what we were charged. We ended up spending over $50 with tip for me and my husband, which was waaaaay more than we should have paid. We left there saying that we should have checked the Yelp reviews and sure enough, when we returned to our room, we saw that we should have avoided the place!If you're starving and staying at Mandalay and don't want to pay an arm and a leg, walk over to Luxor's buffet. It's still not going to be the best meal of your life, but it's cheaper and has more to offer than Mandalay's.
2	service wasnt too good and the food was pretty bad too. Open faced turkey sandwich looked just like a turkey dinner with a slice of bread under it, the mojo potato things were like a bake potato cut into big pieces. I would definitely not waste my money here ever again. The only good thing about this place was probably the broccoli cheese thing..
2	This is your basic run-of-the-mill American food joint. Don't expect anything special and you won't be disappointed. We came here for breakfast the morning after Halloween and it was just fine. The waitress was a sweet and energetic old lady who really likes everything on the menu. If you do come for breakfast get a croissant. They're homemade and so buttery and delicious. I had the eggs Benedict. The sauce came on the side without my asking, which I appreciated. But one of the eggs was overdone and the ham was way too thick for my liking. True to its American theme, everything here is oversize and average.
2	Service was perky, friendly, chatty. Food was mediocre and overpriced and served so quickly it was unsettling.  I got a tuna melt. It was just fine.  My companion got spaghetti and meatballs.  It was just fine.  We each had a beer.  Our total was $61.When judging on value for your dollar, Red, White, & Blue just doesn't measure up. But it was convenient and filled us up.  If that's all you need, and you don't mind spending extra for it, this place will do.  I prefer a bit more when dining out.
5	I was a lot more impressed than I expected to be, given the previous reviews.Nice, clean place.  We were seated quickly by a very friendly hostess.  Our server was helpful, quick and accurate.  One thing I really loved was the butcher-paper type tablecloth that was replaced between diners.  I'm a little freaky about germs, so this helped me relax.  There was a lot of variety on the menu and prices were quite reasonable.  I had a lovely croissant breakfast sandwich which was delicious and presented beautifully with fresh berries.  Big Jeff, in his endless quest for every city's perfect Reuben, of course went with that.  To my surprise, he claimed this was the best LV has to offer in the Reuben department.    This after YEARS of eating Reubens from one end of Las Vegas to the other.  Weird.  But you other Reuben-o-philes can do with that information whatever you like!At any rate, this nice little place is one we will visit again.  For what it is, it deserves all 5 stars I gave it.
2	Dear Owners,What the hell kind of place is this? Have you lost your damn minds? You guys supposedly own China Grill and a bunch of other prestigious restaurants.  Can you please explain what you are trying to accomplish by serving me crap and charging an arm and a leg for it? The American breakfast here is $16. Between the serving size and the food tasting like it came out of a microwave, I felt like the chef went out to a grocery store and served me a Lean Cuisine.  Service is horrible.  For food that's comes out cold, it sure takes a while to arrive.  I guess it's time for them to upgrade their microwaves and hot lights.
2	I was in a hurry and running way behind schedule. I just wanted to grab a quick bite. I assumed that stopping off at Red White & Blue (in Mandalay Bay) and grabbing a sandwich and a salad from the deli case would be a quick solution to my schedule conflicts. I mean, the sandwiches and the salad was pre-made...right?? How long could that take? It takes about 35 minutes. I waited about 5 minutes in line to give my order to a girl behind the counter....she then scribbles my order down and hands me a receipt and hands another girl a carbon copy of my order. I go to the register to pay about $27 for my turkey sandwich, small Caesar salad and a bottle water. WHOA!!! I stand off to the side and watch a girl take my salad from the deli case, put it in a bag then push it to the side. I waited and waited....after about 20 minutes I asked the girl at the register what the hold up was....she turned around and said that the girls had not started making my sandwich yet. WHAT!?? Another girl comes over and asks me what I ordered...I simply said "Don't you have a carbon copy of my order?" and she had the nerve to look at me with one eyebrow raised and say "Obviously I don't...thats why Im asking you". So I told her my order...again and asked another girl to get a manager. I had to wait for that too! Are you serious? I finally get my order handed to me and Im standing around when some guy comes up to me and pokes me on my shoulder from behind and just says "Hi". Hello....who are you? Oh...the manager...well why didnt you say so?! I tell him the issue that I had to wait a little over 35 minutes for a pre-made salad and a turkey sandwich when there are 6 girls behind the counter. Not to mention I had to watch people who ordered about 15 minutes after me get their food before me b/c the girls lost my order ticket somewhere between the register and the sandwich prep table....all of 6 feet. Then I get attitude handed to me by some girl behind the counter who thought she was just about the cutest and funniest thing to walk the Earth. Yeah...this $27 sandwich better be gold plated! To say the least...service sucked...wait time was outrageous and the food was comparable to Subway. Here is my theory on customer service so you can better understand why I get so frustrated: #1 Your customer should not have to ask for anything. Meaning...always be one step ahead of them. Have some flippin common sense. If you see their drink is empty or on its way...refill it. If you serve them a burger....bring ketchup even if they didnt ask for it. Duh. #2 Never act like your customer is an inconvenience. Dude...they are paying for a service!!! They don't have to spend their money in your establishment...they can go somewhere else! Make them happy they chose to come to you. #3 Best advertising is word of mouth. You treat your customers well...they will be back and so will their friends. You screw it up...and everyone will know.
1	The only thing that we ordered from here was the chocolate shake and it was crap - all they did was take some soft serve ice cream added some milk and mixed - that will be $5.50 please.  I don't think so. After reading the other reviews, I would hate to try anything else there and definately will not. If they cant get chocolate shake right, how do I expect them to be able to cook anything. Save yourself some money and go across the street to McDonald's and get one there. Its cheaper and a hell of a lot better
3	We stayed at theHotel this time around in Vegas.  Even though we had ordered room service for a late-night dinner using our $100 room credit, we still found ourselves hungry when it was time to check out.  Most of the eateries in Mandalay Bay were still closed, so we weren't very picky.  Seeing that Red, White, and Blue was open - it was our final destination for food before heading out.  There was four of us, and they seated us at a very comfortable spacious booth that I dare say was probably the best seat in the place.  Thumbs up! Our party of four soon became a party of six and then a party of nine!  Our server was super patient, nice, and accommodating!  The food here was decent.  The BF had the Ultimate Breakfast which included NY steak, 3 eggs, bacon, toast, hash browns, and fruit.  I had the French Toast with their vanilla creamy yumminess.  Their vanilla cream was so sweet and delicious that I would substitute it for maple syrup anyday!  It suited my French Toast perfectly!  I added their berries (extra $4), but was disappointed to see that the berries were not fresh.  My friends had their clam chowder in a bread bowl, fried chicken, buffalo wings, Denver omelet, and a couple also had the Ultimate Breakfast.  Overall, I think that my French Toast was the best thing on our table, and I would recommend it over everything else that I've listed!  Shhhh! =D  The food was definitely better than what I had anticipated. My biggest boos about this place are the price and the wait.  It was quite pricey for decent typical "American" food.  The wait between the time that we ordered and when the food came out was unacceptable when some of my friends wanted to put their heads down from the hunger of the wait.  Good thing we weren't in a hurry.  But what can I say?  We paid for the convenience.
1	A review for the takeaway counter:Sub-par Subway quality at Morton's prices.
4	Great place to eat for kids, pre or post Shark Reef.  Stoller parking,  high chairs, and kids portions are the mommy trifecta.  Bring your own crayons, they can write all over the white paper on the table.4 words u need to know why this is a 4 star place: SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM , choice of vanilla, chocolate, or swirl. Wait..there's more...Gummy Bears, Sprinkles, and Mini M n M's, oh my !  My kids dusted off  the kiddie size penne pasta in marinara sauce.   I asked for a meatball on top & received it no problema.  It came with 2 huge slices of bread.  My son was not a fan of the bread, only because it had "green stuff" on top.  Next time, I'll ask for it with just butter.  However, when the ice cream arrived, whoooo hooo, I think it just blew away the afternoon from the Shark Reef.I usually get the Roast Beef sandwich, because I like the rareness of how they do it here.  Service is prompt and good, and my diet coke was refilled via mental telepathy each time.  I usually take the other half of the sandwich home, head over to the parking structure a few steps away, and we are done.   If you are in a mad rush, go to the take out window.  This is a true deli style place !
2	Ok here's the deal....so were staying in Vegas for a few nights and the restaurant we chose for our first nights dinner was Red, White and Blue at Mandalay Bay which is where we are staying.  We wanted to just stay on the resort our first night and wanted a low key and less expensive casual dinner.  Dining at this restaurant was fairly low key, not loud and crazy and if you like people watiching you can sit in their terrace seating which is out on the Mandalay Bay thoroughfare.  Here are my thoughts:Atmosphere - BNot swank but better than most chain restaurants.  Fairly intimate seating allowed us to focus on ourselves and not all of the patrons.Service - CThe server was attentive enough but honestly was acting in his attitude and demeanor that being there was the last place on earth he wanted to be.  No smile, no personality, but he was on top of things however he probably could have chilled out on the upselling a bit.Food - CWe each had burgers, I had the swiss & onion (swiss cheese/grilled onions) and wifey had the shrooms & blue (mushrooms/bleu cheese)...I will say this the burgers were better than most burgers you would get at a chain restaurant, they claim that they use grain fed, no hormone, angus beef and I believe them.  The meat was tasty.  Burger came with fries that were very ordinary and probably a little stale, that was dissapointing. Overall slightly less than what I would expect for a $17 burger even if in Vegas.For desert we got the krispy kreme doughnut sundae and it was the low light of the meal, I do not recommend it.  A super stale krispy kreme doughnut smothered in cheap soft serve with gobs of whip cream and some tasteless sprinkes.  Cheap at $6 but not worth it.Drinks were $3.50 for soda which is still a tad pricey flat soda.I would only eat here again if it were comped or if I was in a hurry because they did get us in and out of there in less than an hour.
5	I see some not-so-happy reviews for this restaurant but I give it high ratings.  The price is very good for Vegas and the food is not bad.  This is more like a deli with hot food, so do not expect a Ribeye $50 steak - but thats the point, you can eat good food at a great price and get super good cheerful service.  After getting screwed at the Red Square, spending $200 on a steak dinner for two, the next morning we went to the Red White blue and had a great breakfast for $18 each.  Left full, happy, and not problems settling the food.  Coffee was better then scam Starbucks and less money.I liked the place, it was an honest, reasonably priced place.  I will go back.
2	The prices here are stupid.   Yeah, I'm in Vegas - I get that, but $23 for a cobb salad?  I mean, really?!  That said, their french onion soup was pretty tasty and my son gave a thumbs up to his ($20) bacon burger (although he was once again disappointed when he was told he couldn't get a virgin daiquiri because their blender was broken).  The little ones had typical kids menu fare - chicken strips/fries and pasta with butter.This place was convenient (we were coming from The Shark Reef), it was kid friendly and our waiter was adorable, but the prices are just too ridiculous for what you get.  I'm as patriotic as the next person and I would normally give this place 3 stars for the food, but I'm taking away one for the prices.
2	We came here before our show at the Luxor. How we decided to eat here was kinda random. We had 1 hour before we needed to be at our show. So we went up to the hostess and asked if we could eat a complete dinner in a hour they said yes. So we went for it. Overall time spent in the restaurant was 48 minutes. Which is pretty good for an upscale kinda restaurant.Basically nothing to write home about. I had a wedge salad and a small steak.   Kinda expensive. The food was way too salty. I love salt but damn it was bad! I couldn't imagine an old person eating the dinner i had. I think their heart would stop.Our waitress was very friendly, pretty good service. If you are in a hurry stop by. Just make sure you can do salty foods! Dino...)'(
4	This place is a bit expensive but something about their oatmeal that makes me keep coming back...oatmeal and berries in the AM is good stuff!
2	My boyfriend and I were originally supposed to eat at Raffles but we weren't feeling like breakfast and sandwiches so we decided to try a new restaurant at Mandalay. It was either this or Lupo's but the crowd at Lupo's seemed older so we decided on Red, White and Blue.I ordered the shrimp scampi and garlic toast, my boyfriend got the chicken. The portions were big, i was stuffed and from what I remember the shrimp scampi was really good, a little buttery though. The garlic toast was great, just perfect. Definitely something to try. My boyfriend's chicken was small though. He was pretty disappointed with the portions and it definitely wasn't worth the price. But the taste was decent, nothing to brag about though. At the end of the night, he wished he ordered the burger instead. Our waitress seemed disappointed that she had to serve us. Probably because she's used to an older crowd and thought we would order less and give a crappier tip than some of her normal customers. That affected our meal a bit because she had this attitude when she was serving us.
2	Why would a simple coffee shop in Touristville want to be pretentious enough to try to mess with a simple club sandwich?  Stale bread and untoasted. Mmmmm...make that a triple decker.   They replaced it with a simple hot dog. That was horrible, too. Bad meat drenched in "all the fixins". Soggy bun, bleh.  My wife's lobster Cobb salad was decent so 2 stars instead of 1.
1	We came here for the first meal of the day after a long night of Vegas fun. First off, the service was horrible! It took over 10 minutes for our server just to stop by our table. It was pretty dead in the restaurant, so it wasn't as if our server was slammed. Then, when I asked our server a simple question regarding one of the dishes, it took her another 10 minutes to come back with the answer. When they delivered the meal, they had forgotten to bring the side of garlic toast that we had ordered. When we told the runner, he noted our missing item and left back into the kitchen. We figured he had gone back in to get the toast. Then, after another 10 minutes passed, our server came out to inform us that they were out of garlic toast. That it would be ANOTHER ten minutes for the toast to cook. We said forget it! At that point we would have been done with the meal.  But, there was never an apology or "can i bring you anything else." The food was was way overpriced, which is expected for Vegas. However,  It was the really bad service that killed the meal.
2	Very over-priced mediocre food, even for Vegas.  My chicken caesar salad was pushing $20 and although the portion was generous it just wasn't that tasty.  I think the chicken was a little overcooked and chewy.  The service was acceptable but in no way remarkable.  If you're at Mandalay Bay and looking for a quick bite / simple lunch I'd recommend Raffles instead.
3	The restaurant has three places you can sit: Red: Bar area; White: Togo Deli area;Blue: more formal sit down. All three are part of one restaurant. The menu is the same, it's just where would you like to sit. We sat in the bar area because we wanted casual dining. What we ordered: -Bone In Rib Eye Steak with Mash Potatoes -Braised Short Ribs with Mash Potatoes -Oysters on a half shell Food: I didn't eat the rib eye but was told it was very good and flavorful. It was a decent size but a little thin. Usually when I think of a Rib Eye I think of a hunky juicy piece of steak. It still a decent size but again not what I am use to seeing. The braised short ribs hands down is one of their best dishes. If you're looking for a savory dish this is the one to order. The meat was so tender you can shred it with your fork, no need for a knife. They caramelized onions, shallots in a sweet sauce and it was resting on a bed of mash potatoes. Now it's very savory and sweet. I would suggest asking them to put some of that sauce on the side instead of smothered onto the plate but either way it was a great dish. Oysters: OK y'all, if you want oysters, go to Harrahs Oyster Bar. The oysters weren't worth the price. They were flavorless..almost as though they ran the oyster in water after opening them up. It was weird.... Being an oyster lover I would had loved it to have a bit of "oyster" taste. Just don't order it. Not worth $26 dollars for a dozen. BAR: The bartender was awesome. Now if you want a great Bloody Mary they have a great Bloody Mary. Now I didn't have alcohol in mine because I'm allergic. I drank their homemade mix and it was off the hook. I love tomato juice! OK before you go chopping my head off for having a virgin Bloody Mary, my friend loves Bloody Mary and he said it was good. They don't use the usual worcheser sauce, they put in A1 and some spices. It was delicious! The bartender was very knowledgeable on tequila flavors and also made some oysters shooters on the house for us. He was awesome! Come here if you want a great Togo dinner up in your room or by the pool. Great MEAT selection. Stay away from oysters. Bon apetite.
3	Good breakfast. Stop here in the morning before convention start.  Starbucks is also down the hall towards the convention center.  I'll return here.
3	Had a late lunch here at around 3pm since my friend and I were starving after spending almost 4 hours at the spa.We ordered the Cesar's Salad, Chicken Sandwich, Pomegranate Mojitos and half a dozen raw oysters. The food was actually pretty good and the portions were huge. The oysters were very sweet and fresh. Just a little bit of lemon and horseradish makes it perfect. It was a good meal overall though it was a bit expensive (the total came out to $80 including tip). We could have just gone to a regular eat all you can buffet for the same price.
2	After going there last night, and now reading the reviews, I realize my opinion of this place as "lousy" is not out of line! I ordered the Texas burger! The bun wasn't toasted, the onions were old and limp, the avocado was turning brown and the patty was just average! Oh, and the fries weren't fresh either!  I expected to get the best burger in the world for the $16 price tag! It was a huge disappointment!The food server ended up not charging me for the meal but that was after I made it VERY clear that 1) I didn't blame her for the crap food and 2) a friend made a comment that it was still on the bill! The food server was nice and friendly and the ambiance is great which is why I gave it 2 stars, but the food needs some major improvements to charge such a rediculous amount for a burger I might pay $5 for! Don't even bother!
1	Also known as "Red, White and Eww". If you're incarcerated at Mandalay Bay and you're seeking breakfast a la Denny's at Strip prices, this is the place for you. Mediocre.
3	Nothing special about this place despite a great fascade opposite Fleur de Li. After being shut down by the Mandalay buffet (they weren't serving crab yet), we decided to stop in here for a quick bite before leaving Vegas. The French onion soup was great, the rest wasn't anything incredible - although the service was warm, friendly, and fun :)
2	I came here for lunch with a coworker when i was feeling ravenous during a conference at Mandalay Bay. I got the bleu and mushrooms burger, which was okay - nothing special but not terrible. A little dry...The portions were large - my coworker and I both could only get through about half our food... The kicker was that my coworker made a comment to our waitress that we could have shared one dish, especially since one order would probably be his daily caloric intake. The waitress responded: "Probably half of it would have hit that. That's why I don't eat anything here." Uh... that's comforting. She then added, "I'm vegetarian." Ok, I respect that... it was just a really odd exchange, and it's never good to hear from your waiter that they refuse to eat anything at the restaurant they wait at!
2	This restaurant is located in Mandalay Bay Casino. We had a late (for most people) lunch at 3 pm on a Sunday afternoon.  We had originally wanted to go to Burger Bar but there was a 20-minute wait there and I had to be at work by 430.  I suggested this place because a coworker had told me the food was good and the sandwiches were HUGE.We waited in line at the host stand for about 10 minutes before being seated at a table right in front of the kitchen entrance/exit (saw the Chef picking on fries and such).  Our server was ok.  She  couldn't recommend anything because she was a vegetarian and told us that she hadn't tried anything on the menu other than the french fries.I ordered a Mock-ito, which tasted like they had thrown a couple of mint leaves and limes into a glass of sprite...I also ordered a Pastrami Reuben with Coleslaw.  It was good, but the bottom half of my sandwich was a bit soggy from sitting next to the coleslaw and my pickle spear was a little warm, which means my food was probably sitting under the heating lamps for a bit (our food did take a little long to come out). It was filling, but not HUGE like my coworker had described it.  My reuben was lacking in the sauerkraut department and the russian dressing was non-existent.  My boyfriend had a burger, medium-rare (which was actually cooked correctly) and we shared a side of chili fries, which were good but missing something (which we decided was some diced onion and a bit of sour cream.I was never offered a refill or another glass. My boyfriend's iced tea glass was refilled once.  Our server checked on us once.  We waited 10 minutes after the end of our meal before having to flag down our server (who was busy closing out...i think.  It looked like the restaurant was going through a shift change) to bring us our check and then we had to flag someone else down to pick up our check. And no one offered us dessert... wtf?Bottom Line:The food was just alright.  Service was just alright. I don't think I'd come back and wait in line to be seated. If there is a next time... I would probably order from the take-out counter AND I would add a soft-serve waffle cone or one of the GIANT cookies or one of the pretty cakes or tarts they have displayed up front.
3	This is where we went after being turned away at Border Grill, so it is at least open till 10 pm.Beef short ribs, I haven't had a decent plate since Claim Jumper back in CA stopped offering these bad boys.  They were served a little weird in that the sauce they were dressed in made them resemble brownies.  They were decent, but I didn't have the same dizziness I had from the Claim Jumper ones due to the crazy calorie rush. I also had grapefruit juice, cappuccino, and green salad.  Not bad, not great.  I did end up footing over $50 for the privilege, not exactly a great deal.
2	We tried Red White and Blue one night before we went out.  We had a late dinner around 930 and it seemed like a good place because it was still open and it seemed like it would be fast.  We had a group of 12 girls and we figured it was the best place to go on a Thursday night bc we didn't have any reservations.  When we got there, we told the waiter that we needed to be in and out in an hour.  He said that if that was the case, no one order steak.  What place needs to cook and serve and eat a steak in over an hour?  Anyway, the menu seemed interesting and there were some good looking items on there.  I tried the lobster cobb salad and I was very happy with it.  The portions are really big and can be shared.  I shared the salad with one of my friends and we each got a soup / side and it was more than enough.  Everyone else seemed content with their food.  The service was ok.  Like I said when we told the server we needed to be in and out in an hour you'd think we asked him to walk on water.  It was 930 at night and there was only total 6 other guests dining in the restaurant.  Shouldn't be that difficult.  Then the kicker was at the end when we asked if he could split the checks for us.  We didn't think it would be an issue bc we had it done in most of the restaurants at that point, but he made a big deal about it saying that he thought we needed to be out in an hour and splitting the checks would take a long time.  In the end he agreed, and he split the checks for us - 8 checks for 12 girls.  LOL, we figured it out, but it was one of the more interesting dinners we had in LV.  I don't know if I'd go back, maybe if I stayed in Mandalay Bay again and wanted something quick (they also have a to-go counter).
1	Unfortunately Yelp doesn't let you do no stars.  Otherwise they would have gotten zero.  I also don't think that they read their reviews because they still suck.  We went there for a late breakfast/early lunch.  They have a "to go" counter that took forever!  The workers behind the counter had no concept of time.  Also there was no one in the dining area so a family just sat down and the Manager told them they couldn't sit there.  Um....no one was in the place.  Also there were people that wanted breakfast, but since they don't really do breakfast she must have told at least 10 people who walked away.  I don't know about you, but they need to change their ways.  Oh, the food.  Well the croissant wasn't exactly fresh, the coffee was ok, but not at all worth what we paid for.  Also who is going to pay $14 for a bagel and lox???  I am just saying!  If you are at Mandalay Bay-do yourself a favor and DON'T GO!
2	Lost points simply for the wait time.  They're sandwiches...not hot plates. Add to that, the fact that they ran out of chicken, and you have a not so pleasant experience.  I can sadly say I won't be back unless I'm desperate for food.  Even then, I might be better off going to the snack shop inside THE Hotel for a pre-made sandwich
3	We went here because the lines for the buffet was waaaay long on Saturday morning at 9:30 a.m. and we had to get to the Moorea Beach Club before 11 a.m. to grab out cabana reservation.Seated pretty quickly - decent waiter service (constant refills of water & coffee - checking to make sure our food was okay).  The waiter told us right at the beginning that all eggs would only be served scrambled due to the salmonella outbreaks that have been occurring in the States.I ordered a lobster cobb salad.  It was GIANORMOUS!  I know it was over $20 but it was so worth it!  Delicious!Other people had corned beef hash, American breakfast w/ steak, breakfast croissant sandwich, chicken noodle soup (this person wasn't hung over - he just eats like a bird), scrambled eggs with salmon...Nova something or other.We all liked our food - it was just REALLY pricey.  But so was the buffet.
5	This place has the best burger I have ever had. First of all, the double cheeseburger is legitimately 2 large burgers. I asked for an extra bun and got 1 large burger at the restaurant and 1 to take back. Next, I asked for medium rare and it was perfect. Charred outer crust but starting 1mm inside the burger was a perfectly even pink, soft consistency; perfect. I've had many of the "best" burgers in the west and this is as good as anything else out there. Yes, the burger is good enough to warrant 5 stars. I've been craving this burger since the day after I had my second. This is just a perfect, no frills medium rare burger. Tip: get a double, it's only $3 more. Then ask for an extra bun, you get 2 filling burgers for the price of what 1 "gourmet" burger costs.
1	I won't come back here.  My steak was mediocre, the waitress was downright rude to the point of rolling her eyes when my girlfriend was asking what fat free salad dressings they had.  Their are far better places to eat in the area.
5	From someone in the restaurant industry this place is what it set out to be.   You are in a major casino in Las Vegas so the prices are compareable.  The food is done right and the service is in line with the casual restaurant atmosphere.  I had to comment on these reviews as it seems as people are expecting fine dining from the upscale cafe.Had the short ribs and they were great.  Management semed to be all over the place and on top of it.  They personally can by to check on us.  For a quick bite this is the place in side Mandalay Bay as the wait at Raffles was over 45 mins.
3	Food is not bad, but was expensive. I got the 3 cheese omelet, which was nice and cheesey!  Service could be more attentive, but was friendly enough. I'd go back.
1	I should have listened to my fellow yelpers but I decided to take a chance anyways...and what a mistake it was!The hostess was very nice and we were seated right away.  The waiter came over and right away he had an attitude.  When I asked him if they had any flavored lemonade or iced tea he told me yes.  When I asked what flavors they had he told me that they had pink lemonade, which has a lemonade flavor and regular iced tea, which has an iced tea flavor!  So obviously he did not understand my question correctly and his answers were very condescending.  I told him that we needed a few more minutes and to please come back.  When he came back we still hadn't decided and I could tell that he wasn't happy about having to wait for us.  Instead of being polite and checking back in a few more minutes he decided to have a ten minute conversation with the table next to us completely ignoring us.  After being talked down to and then ignored we got up to leave and only THEN the waiter asked if we wanted to order something.  I told him NO that we were going somewhere else that had better service.  He happily smiled and said O.K.  I have NEVER walked out of a restaurant in my life!  But I certainly wasn't going to spend my good money to be talked down to and ignored by the waiter.  This waiter does not in any way reflect the class of Mandalay Bay and how such a poor service provider can be employed in a hotel of this class I have no idea.  I will not be recommending this restaurant to any one!
1	FIRST OF ALL, do not fall for the menu. not only is it false advertising, but it is SUPER deceiving as well. when my boyfriend and i came here for our vacation, we quickly scanned the menu and agreed on that everything sounded good and affordable, especially since it was located in the heart of vegas. HOWEVER, when we were seated and have ordered, everything came out to be.... quite disgusting ! their food selection looked decent, but the food itself was the oppposite. we ordered what we usually tend to get elsewhere (me, steak/eggs, the whole breakfast ordeal while my boyfriend got potato skins and chili cheese fries). when everything came out, ICK! my steak was basically thin ground beef shaped together, BURNT, and so was everything else. the water had little participles floating around, which was not the business. after asking for different glasses of water, we ended up getting the same results in all glasses. not only was that bad enough, but our server had no patience! he snapped at us and pushed us to order before we could even get a word out ourselves. WHAT KIND OF SERVICE IS THAT? anyways, they need to find a new round of servers, update their menus, and make sure that their food quality is serve-worthy.... what a dissapointing experience.
2	I didn't pick this place, my best friend did. I was hungry and just wanted something to eat. As we looked through the menu, everything was a bit expensive with only a few affordable options. The only thing I was craving for was for some chili cheese fries and they had it.Minus one star because our waiter was rushing our order and was completely rude. They need to check their waiters before they wait tables. I don't tolerate that rude customer service shit.Minus one star because mine and my boyfriends water had debris floating around on the bottom. After asking for new water, the second two cups also had debris floating around. I figured it was just something maybe in the ice, so I only drank the water on top with a straw.Minus another star because this restaurant is located in the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino. They should do better.Don't go here. I will never come back. Service was bad, food was EHH, prices were high. Not worth the time and money. McDonalds is better.
2	Wow... by far the worst pick of the whole stay in LV!To be fair... it was desperation. When hunger strikes while your running low on energy = lack of brain power... you get this.We walked in... got water and menu and that's it. We waited... and waited... and waited...Finally our server came and was surprised that we were ready to order... REALLY? We just had 20 mins to dissect your entire menu... Go figure!?I ended up getting a lame breakfast called: AMERICAN BREAKFAST (two eggs any style; house potatoes with onions, peppers and herbs; choice of sausage, applewood smoked bacon or ham steak; choice of toast with jam and sweet cream butter and choice of juice)BLAH. Scrambled eggs was bland... potatoes was hard... just a horrible breakfast! Plus for a breakfast spot, their menu is really limited. Biggest regret: Not going back to Raffles Cafe.Folks... breakfast or what not... be prepared. For the price... so wasn't worth it... at all... I think the Golden Arches would have sufficed better!
5	Best ribs I ever had...Each portion could easily fill two people.Great service. The steward, Alex was great.Very nice place with a lot of choice and reasonable pricing.
2	Met my cousins there for breakfast while we were all in Vegas,felt rushed because kitchen closed for lunch for an hour. Not a big breakfast menu. No turkey sausage. Ordered a veggie omlet it was not enough cheese waitress never came to check on us after we got food had to find her to pay the bill.
2	We stopped in here on our last night in Vegas. The waitress was really nice, friendly, and attentive. The 2 stars are for the food. I had the Reuben which was really dry. There was hardly any Russian dressing on it. My brother had the calamari and said he's tasted better. I tried a few, and I have to agree with him.
3	After watching the Lion King, we decided to have dinner inside the hotel instead of venturing out. After seeing the prices for the other eateries in the Mandalay Bay, we decided to try Red, White, & Blue.It was Christmas night and was pretty empty. There was no wait to be seated. The server was okay - not the best. He unfortunately did forget to put in our appetizers. Thankfully, the food arrived in less than 15 minutes (probably cause there were only a handful of people eating). I had the bacon cheeseburger. The burger was so soft and juicy and bacon was thick. The bread was good and the french fries was actually pretty amazing! We decided to skip dessert since they didn't have a plain cheesecake. This place would have gotten a higher score had the server not botched up our appetizers. I was really looking forward to the fried calamari and buffalo wings (which he even asked if we wanted mild or hot). Oh well, maybe he just wanted to end his shift and head home for the holidays. But he didn't really have to mess up mine.
2	2.5 StarsRed, White & Blue is one of my default spots to go to for breakfast during my work conferences at the Mandalay Bay. It has some pretty decent food for on-the-go or for a quick bite sitting down, but I find it way over priced. On the other hand, what isn't over priced in Vegas?For my sit down meal I ordered the Honey Baked Ham, Swiss Cheese, and Mushroom Omelette for $14.  I looked at my dish when it came out and it was interesting. I noticed the egg was cooked like a flat tortilla and then all the ingredients were wrapped in it. At times I just found myself eating egg or just the ingredients.  I found this to be a unique way to cook the omelette, but I still prefer all my ingredients to be melded together and infused with the egg. This way it ensures I get an equal distribution of ingredients with each bite. All omelettes are served with house potatoes with onions, peppers and herbs, but I'm not a big fan of house potatoes so I asked for a substitution. My server gladly substituted the potatoes for fruit. I ended up with some cantaloupe that was very sweet and juicy.On-the-go, I tried their Smoked Salmon Platter that comes with a toasted bagel with Atlantic Smoked Salmon, Cream Cheese, Red Onions, and Capers. This was a lot better than their omelette. I remember this being fairly expensive as well, but this dish is about the same price everywhere else in Vegas.Overall, Red, White & Blue serves up a quick, but moderately tasting breakfast line up.
1	Don't bother. Any breakfast dish will disappoint, but the OJ is great.
2	This is probably the cheapest sit down option in the Mandalay Bay hotel. They have all-American food like cheeseburgers, sandwiches, and breakfast options. We went for dinner. We were sat at an extremely tiny table that was outside in the hotel area so we could people watch while we ate. My mom ordered a burger and I ordered the tuna melt. The food was average at best. The service wasn't very good for how slow they were. Our iced teas sat empty for a while and our server never checked on us. All their entrees are $15 or more and honestly it wasn't really worth it. I'd recommend checking out Rick Moonen's or Hubert Keller's restaurant instead.
3	Overall their food is okay. Large portions are reasonably priced. We find splitting meals allows room for desert. Only issue we encountered.... order a side of sauerkraut when ordering a Reuben Sandwich. They give you a few slivers in the sandwich.
4	Ross the bartender was funny and gave great service. I didn't catch the name of the female server helping ( long brown hair) was equally attentive. Our friends came with our loads suitcases and they made room for all 9 of us ladies . The $5 bloody Mary I had was delicious . And my other friends enjoyed $5 mimosas.We stayed 4 days and this the BEST SERViCE we got at any restaurant ( we ate the Bellagio and another fine dining restaurant in mandalay bay.
3	Came here for breakfast one morning in Mandalay. There really weren't a lot of options, but when the food came out there was a ton of it. The eggs seemed a little runny and the bread a little too crisp, but the bacon and the potatoes were yummy.Service was good, but the breakfast was pricey. It was $40+ for 2 breakfasts with drinks, but I guess that's Vegas for you.
3	This place is perfectly adequate.  It is easy to get a seat, reasonably priced (for a restaurant in a hotel on the strip) and the food was decent.  Lots of choices, counter service (for pastries, etc...), table to sit down and eat and a big bar off to the side.  The menu was very vanilla - think basic bar and grill - but for breakfast it worked.  All in all if you need low key and you are in Mandalay give it a try.
3	Red, White & Blue Restaurant is a lunch and dinner sit-down restaurant in the Mandalay Bay (next to Fleur by Hubert Keller).  The restaurant feels like a more contemporary version of a traditional American restaurant.  The restaurant's straightforward and kind of old-school decor (as well as the loud atmosphere) reminds me of a Daily Grill.The restaurant (at least for lunch) features mainly classic dishes like buffalo wings, Reuben sandwich, pastrami sandwich, spaghetti and meatballs, tuna salad sandwich, and so on.  The menu and the prices felt similar to a lot of the 24 hour Vegas cafes though I found my experience at Red, White & Blue a little better.I had the seared ahi tuna, which was served with wasabi mashed potatoes and a citrus sauce, but I opted for the green beans instead of the potatoes.  The ahi tuna was decent.  It was served rare and was pretty fresh.  The citrus sauce was flavorful and light.The green beans were cooked properly.  Nice crispness to them and also fresh.  There were also some pickled onions and asparagus on the plate and both were fine and added flavor.My friend's lobster cobb salad was huge and it did not look that great.  I don't think she was that impressed with it.Both dishes came with pretty generous portions.Service was good.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.Like other Vegas restaurants, this place was overpriced.  Sandwiches were in the $13-$17 range while entrees were in the mid-$20s.  I've definitely had better food at the same prices, but I've also definitely had worse food in Vegas at those prices.There are plenty of mid-range priced restaurants available at Mandalay Bay (like Burger Bar, which is okay, and Border Grill--I haven't been there).  Because of that, you may be able to find a better meal at the same price around here.  Still, Red, White & Blue was better than I expected and I wouldn't swear off coming here again under the right circumstances.Parking is complimentary (both valet and parking structure).
3	The food here is pretty good.  The portions are generous and very yummy.  Like the name suggests, they have traditional American food here.  Atmosphere is nothing special, not a romantic "special" place for dinner but nice enough.After dinner I was craving a cafe mocha and it wasn't on the menu.  The waitress heard my disappointment and was quick to whip one up for me.  It was her first time trying to make a cafe mocha and she made one of the best I've had!  I was beyond pleased with her and the restuarant's meal.Here's the bad news about this place:  Dessert is hit and miss.  The beautiful dessert counter has lured me in here several times and most of the times disappointed me.  I've decided no more will I come here for dessert!  Don't be fooled by the beautiful appearance of the pastries, they taste just okay.  The ice cream taste "different," everytime I come, not sure why but my favorite part is the toppings and they are almost always STALE.  I am careful with my calorie intake and a dessert is something I look forward to all week, when I splurge on one I want it to be amazing.  These desserts are definitely not great.  The verdict:  Definitely come for the food and hit up another place for dessert.
3	I came here for breakfast and had the eggs benedict. It was good. The sauce was light, creamy, and not too sour or salty. The eggs were perfectly poached and wasn't over cooked as it sometimes is. The canadian bacon brought the right amount of salt to balance the eggs and sauce. The mimosa's were a little stronger than I'm used to but it was good. The service was great. We wanted to watch the Aztecs game and they put it on for us. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. We didn't wait too long for our food and she often checked on us. Good place to go to for a quick easy breakfast if you're staying at mandalay bay or hungry and just passing by.
3	1 star for $5 bloody marys and mimosas alll day1 star for a perfect eggs benedict1 star for the manager showing the SDSU basketball game while we ate breakfastother then that..a pretty average, convenient cafe in the middle of Mandalay Bay
2	I was at the Mandalay Bay with a group of friends for my boyfriend's birthday. We were all pretty hungry and so we decided to grab some grub before we started partying. Red, White, and Blue is the first restaurant you see when you enter the Mandalay Bay. The restaurant looked decent and the menu looked eye-pleasing. Let me tell you, this place did not satisfy our cravings at all.Let's Start...My friends and I were waiting to be seated. We were informed by the hostess that it would be 10-15 minutes. I did not understand why it would be 10-15 minutes when I can see vacant seats everywhere. The hostess did not seem to acknowledge us at all and I was not pleased with her.At any rate, we finally got seated and we looked over the menu. By this time, I have lost my appetite so I just ordered the french onion soup. I ordered it brown on top like I always do. When it finally came, my onion soup arrived luke warm and I was disgusted by the cheese that came with it. The cheese was like a big brick of melted cheese that was sitting on top of my bowl. The top was brown but as I dug my spoon into the soup, there was barely any broth because the cheese soaked it up. The bottom of the "brick" of cheese was not in solid form and it looked like brains. The waitress saw that I looked unsatisfied and so she asked what was wrong. She was very compliant and she let me substitute it for something else. I decided to get the chicken soup and it tasted like Campbell's. For the prices they charge, you would think it would taste great.Concluding, I will not be coming here ever again. If the soup is bad, why would I try anything else? The only thing I have to say about this place is that the service is good. The food? I just threw up a little.
2	I only came here because my coworkers and I were starving after work and this was the closest joint we all could agree on.  Ordered the french onion soup and penna mushroom pasta.  The soup was what I needed after a long day of work.  It had to much onions though and not enough broth.  The cheese on top was was crispy and crunchy,. gooey,. mmm,. def will recommend this to cure a fat hangover.The pasta was really bland, chicken to dry, but the presentation was SUPERb!,.  Don't think I will come back,. expensive for mediocre food. My meal itself was $30
3	Hubby and I were at Mandalay Bay to check out the shark aquarium, but we needed some grub first.  This is one of the first restaurants we found, and looked decent, so in we went.  The food was fine--hubby ordered the Ultimate Breakfast (steak, eggs, potatoes, toast) while I had the bacon cheeseburger.  My burger was overcooked (asked for medium, got well done) but still tasty.  Otherwise, all was as expected.  This is a good option for a moderately priced lunch on the Strip.
2	Decent food at REALLY high prices.  Maybe I should give it a pass since it's so close to the Casino, but it seems like the LOW price solution next to the other nearby restaurants. Except for the price, the food was decent. I had a Burger which was tasty, but a bit overdone on the lettuce.  Clearly the best option for a burger is a run to In-N-Out.Of course, its probably one of the few places you'll find a Krispy Kreme Sundae, so it is possible there is a very good reason to stop in.  Except to come back and try that, I don't see myself returning.
2	Came here every morning for breakfast while staying at Mandalay Bay. They have a to-go section which offered a selection of fruits, breads, donuts, sandwiches, coffee, etc.The bagels are decent too. Whole grain, poppy seed, original and raisin. They also offer flavored cream cheese such as honey walnut, strawberry, veggie and blueberry. Fruit cups are fresh and the fruit were sweet and crunchy everytime. I hope they were changed out every morning. Overall, this place is a great grab and go to start the morning off.
1	service was awfully slow... food was just meh.... eventhough we get comp for drinks.... the whole experienced didnt make up for it...
2	Just okay.  Got american breakfast.  Toast was dry.  Eggs were cold.  Potatoes and Bacon were good.   OJ wasn't great.  Can tell it's not freshly squeezed.
1	Too slow, very expensive, very bad food, the food at Deny's is better, warmer....Don't eat here if you canThey never asked us for more coffee or water$82 for 4 people regular breakfast /w 4OJ's and coffee
2	Everyone hide!!! I'm going to kill someone!!!!! Did I just pay 130 dollars for food that is dennys quality at best. What a freaking bust. That jailhouse lunch cost almost as much as a night at the hotel here. I will not be back. Maybe if I win the lottery, ill come to buy the place and shut it down.
2	Just food for when you get hungry. Don't expect much. In keeping with Mandalay bays high prices, you will be overpaying for everything you get.
3	I got a mimosa, boyfriend got a mojito, I got buffalo chicken wings and boyfriend got BBQ chicken sandwich - I was happy with my food but boyfriend wasn't satisfied. I swear the buffalo wings here are the best, ever. Asked for crispy with the sauce on the side, the wings came out perfect and the sauce was bomb.com. The sauce had that Frank's Red Hot flavor to it but it was spicier and finger licking good. My boyfriend ate a couple and he said they were some of the best wings he had. BBQ chicken sandwich is what the waiter recommended and I'm not sure why, it wasn't good. The chicken was dry and the whole thing was just bland. The onion rings that came with the sandwich were the best part about the dish - crispy, big and addicting :) Service was alright, the guy we had was pretty slow.. I had to ask twice for ranch and by the time it came out I didn't even need it anymore because I was done. Amazing wings, no good chicken sandwich and slow service - because of the wings I'm a fan but overall it's A-OK.
5	At lunch Javier was great. We ordered a double burger split between us (still massive and enough for two) and it came already separated onto different plates and with lots of fries. My ice tea glass seemed to refill by magic and the food was amazing. Breakfast the following morning was also great and David took care of us. The pricing was Vegas reasonable but the portions were large. Javier stopped by again to say hello even though we were only near his section  David even offered us tea and coffee to go at the end.  We recommend it.
2	Ordered the bacon chicken sandwich and peanut butter pie.The chicken sandwich was very dry and lacking in flavor; it probably could have used some sort of sauce.  The accompanying french fries were excellent.  The pie was above average, but not great.The restaurant was not busy, but service was very slow and drink refills were not forthcoming.  This place is way overpriced to boot.
1	Note to self: never joke to someone that it's been forever since you actually ate crappy food. It WILL bite you in the ass.So here is the perfect example of why yelping a restaurant is pretty handy instead of just blinding picking something because a) you are in a rush and/or b) there seems like a lack of options...You may end up at Red, White and Blue Restaurant. En route to the MCR show last weekend we had the misfortune of grabbing a quick bite here.Dis-gus-ting and barely edible.We had french onion soup and the potato skins. We figured since we were in a rush this would be our best options. Uh, no. The french onion soup was a congealed cold mess of slop with zero flavor. I'm not sure how you f* up potato skins but this place was fairly successful on that front too. Though I will say our waiter was decent I don't eat somewhere because the service is good.  The food (if you can even call it that) was terrible.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible experience. My girl and I came here for drinks and desert and we were told that we could NOT sit at a table unless we ordered dinner. They were going to make us sit at stools in the closed cafe area. In my 7 years of experience waiting tables at restaurants I have never heard of such a thing. I will never eat there again and I will make sure to tell all interested of my experience.
1	This place is awful. Staff was rude and dismissive. Ordered sandwiches and they were dry and way over priced. $14 for a small turkey sandwich and macaroni salad. Had to remind the waitress we didnt get out drinks... then she had to ask us again what we ordered. A manger type was there and kept interupting her to talk while more people were lining up. They both just ignored their customers. Will never eat there again.
3	The Red, White and Blue Restaurant is a cafe inside Mandalay Bay. We strolled in on a Sunday evening to have a relaxing meal before our flight and we got all that we wanted and more. I asked for a table "outside" which is to say it is outside the main building of the restaurant, but not outside at all. I ordered a small Caesar Salad and the French Onion Soup. The salad was fresh, crunchy and delicious. I wasn't a fan of the stale bread pieces on the side of the salad, I would have preferred a slice of bread or croutons, but the salad itself was still delicious. The French onion soup had a massive 1 inch think layer of cheese covering it, which made it visually appealing, but problematic to get to the soup. I suggest a jack-hammer rental prior to ordering the soup. I still enjoyed the soup though, it was very good, I just had to work for it. While I avoided 95% of the cheese, I would still order it again, the broth was complex and not like average French Onion Soups. While the Red, White and Blue restaurant isn't the kind of place to grab a quick bite, it makes for fun people watching. The restaurant is located along the main walkway for people coming and going from hotel, so you have lots of entertainment from drunk and disorderly to complete wedding parties.
3	It seems like a lot of people had a bad experience here, so maybe I got lucky? :)I came here for breakfast with Wilmar D. Prices are meh, but typical for Vegas. We were quickly seated and ordered our drinks. For myself, a mimosa (5 bucks each, all day everyday, same goes for Mojitos and Bloody Marys) and for him, a bucket of beer (domestics are 26 bucks each for 5 beers). The menu isn't super extensive, but I did see a few breakfast items that sounded really appetizing. I ended up choosing the french toast with vanilla anglaise and he got some ultimate breakfast plate with steak, eggs, toast, and potatoes.I really liked my french toast! It was nice and egg-y, and with the vanilla anglaise and a little butter, it was a really delicious breakfast item. The vanilla anglaise tasted a lot like vanilla ice cream, but not too sweet, so it was perfect for my tastebuds. I also got to eat the eggs with Wilmar's plate, which he got poached. They were pretty yummy and nicely cooked. My only complaint would be that they were a little bit vinegar-y, which I know is something people use to poach eggs nicely, but still, I would have liked it more without that taste.My only other complaint about this place was the service. Granted, they were moderately busy, but it felt REALLY slow, and I really just wanted to get on with my Vegas trip and do more gambling :) Also, our waitress was good, but not very friendly.I had a pretty good experience here with the food, but the service and the prices that you have to pay kinda bring it down for me. 3.5 stars!
2	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  I do not recommend going to this restaurant at all. The only reason it gets two stars is because the crab cakes were completely on point (absolutely pick those up to go, but don't bother sitting in the restaurant.).The service was terrible, and for the most part the food was mediocre.  This was my last meal in Vegas on the Tuesday after to fourth of July, all I wanted was a bloody mary and some god food to sooth my soul after a very full weekend, sadly it was not meant to be.  We were seated quickly enough (in fact if the hostess had been our server, the whole meal would have gone off a lot better), but trying to get our servers attention throughout the meal (for water, for drinks, to tell her I did not like my salad) was like trying to flag down a taxi in LA (i.e. completely impossible).Bottom line: The room service food is better, stay in, order in, avoid terrible service and eat in your underwear (not that you can't do that in a restaurant in Vegas).
3	Sometimes I wish I could assign half stars, because this restaurant was more then a 3 and less then a 4. So I will give it my conservative rating. We started out in the strip and ended up eating here on a Tuesday night only because the Blues place was closed because of a Cisco function. With $5 mohitos and a decent looking menu, we walked inside. I ordered the Tex-Mex burger and my buddies ordered the Donny Richman sandwiches. The servings here are large, even more so for the Donny Richman's. And Wow, did those look good. Next time I'm there, that is what I'll be ordering. My Tex-Mex was good and had salsa and avocado on it. So it couldn't go wrong. The mohitos were enough to keep us going until we got out of there and back in the main drag. Service was good, but it wasn't too busy either. So there you have it, eat and be filled.
1	This place is disgusting. And a disappointment being in such a nice hotel and all. My friends and I stopped in here for lunch after an afternoon by the lazy river and we each got a burger and a beer. It was so overpriced it was ridiculous and what's worse? My burger wasn't even cooked. I usually order a burger medium rare unless I am skeptical of the place or the quality of meat. This time I even got it done medium and it was hardly medium rare, more on the rare side. It was gross.Our server was an idiot and the place was stupid. I'd honestly have been better taking my $18 to the casino floor and loose it all and go hungry than eat there again.
3	I visited two times in a week. Late night for the Peanut Butter mousse pie, just okay and again in the am a few days later for a ham, cheese and egg croissant ($7.00) and I kid you not, it could  have fed two people or one hungry man. This along with a mocha that was more like dessert and I was a happy camper indeed. They have lots of pre-made food to go or you can sit down in the restaurant. There's even a counter that looks out into the shopping/dining area for people watching. This place is easy on the wallet compared to other offerings inside Mandalay Bay.
3	Good solid bet for lunch if you are working a Trade Show. Portions are generous. Still a bit pricey for what you get. I had a delicious matzo ball chicken noodle soup which at a Jersey Diner would be oh about $5 here was $8 and I got the crab cakes. Nice, nothing blowing my hair back but my friend ordered a sandwich and WHOA HUGE and done nice!! Not to die for but not a bad spot to grab a sandwich.
4	Stopped by after seeing The Lion King. Some restaurants were already closing but this place was open. We just didn't want to go eat a steak for $46 at the fancy places so we grabbed a table outside on their patio. We both had a bowl of chicken noodle soup with matzah ball and a side salad. Service was good, food was actually fresh and tasty! The salad had veggies in it and was served with delicious balsamic dressing. The soup was filled with noodles and carrots and the matzah ball was fluffy. When we were leaving we decided to buy some apples and a banana to take to our room for the morning. The cashier had already closed out her register so she told us she would comp the fruit for us. We probably saved $6-7 just in fruit! Very sweet of her. This is a good place for reasonably priced food, which is hard to find in some of the Vegas shopping centers.
1	This place is a disgrace to the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino. My daughter and I stopped for some lunch after going to the Shark Reef. I noticed that it was a little bit busy, so I asked the hostess how long would it take to get seated, because my daughter was hungry and fussy... she didn't say a word, took some menus and walked away, came back and told me she has a table now if I wanted it. Of course I was like, sure! I sat down ordered a glass of milk for my daughter, and a glass of water for that moment - because I didn't know what I wanted to drink yet, I ordered a plate of ribs and french fries in stead of the potato salad. About 40 mins later, no sight of the waitress, no manager, no busser, no hostess, a full episode of yo gabba gabba, the food runner comes out with the plate of ribs -- and of course the potato salad. I have nothing against the potato salad, I just wanted fries because my daughter loves fries... Anywho, the waitress comes and checks on me and asked me how I was doing, and i told her that I was disappointed from the wait and the lack of service, and to top it off no french fries, no refill on the water, and my daughter at this point just needed to go back to the hotel and sleep. She totally flipped out on me saying that its not her fault, that if I don't want to pay for it I should've just told her, and if I wanted to talk to the manager she can go get him for me -- OMFG really?! The manager comes over and totally gives me a run down of what was going on in his place, saying that on a normal day he'd make around 10K and that day they made 15K because of that the service was a bit slower -- SO--- what he was saying was that they made money, met their quota and can care less if their waitress goes off on a customer?! He offered me a free mojito or a bloody mary - ok, I'm not going to drink and drive with my child THANKS but NO THANKS. What a horrible experience that was. I've always enjoyed the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, but they really need to re-staff or re-train those people running that place they would like to call an establishment.
1	Tremendosly disappointing. Overpriced Tropicana orange juice, awkward waiter, and very mediocre food. Will not be returning.
2	The waiter was very attentive. The French Onion Soup was very good but a bit pricey at $10 per bowl. The sandwiches were just OK. We had to send the buffalo wings back as they were too salty to eat, and that is after eating french fries and French Onion Soup. I would rather aet at Raffles which is just a few doors down.
2	Wound up here after Blues was closed for a private function.  The DC restaurant has great BBQ, so though we would try this place.  The meat was very salty and mine was dried out.  I expect spices on ribs, but these had been in the heater too long. Smallish drinks for Vegas, and the atmosphere is weird...more like a food court than a restaurant.
4	Had breakfast here....pretty good croissant sandwich with egg and ham.
1	More like Red, White and Poop.This place sucks serious ass. $16 for a burger? Really? My meal was ok at best and my husband's sandwich was dry. The service was ok but the ladies that seat you are shitty.  I have met socks with more personality than these people.Very overrated..... in fact, no restaurant at Mandalay Bay offers grub for NORMAL working folks who just want a nice place to eat without paying through their ass.NO bueno.
2	Had lunch here when I was looking for something quick for lunch. There wasn't much available for someone who needs to be gluten free but they put all the sandwich fixings in a take-out container for me. Sadly, they forgot the best part (the horseradish condiment) and my friend's sandwich bread was moldy. The dessert was good but my first impression of the place wasn't the best.
3	If you need a drink that has bang for your buck go here! Cheap drink specials for 5.00, but they have a long island style tea that is very clear. I couldn't even finish it. I ordered crab cakes and a bowl of french onion soup. The crab cakes are the deep fried, thickly breaded ones. Not my favorite, but not too bad either. The soup was standard, just OK. We decided to split a dessert and got the peanut butter pie and it is safe to say it is the best I have ever had! Very creamy filling with bit of chocolate on top. It was also a small piece so it was easy to finish and you don't feel like you have wasted half a slab like at Cheesecake factory.
2	I really wanted to avoid eating at Mandalay Bay, but after everything was closed at 10pm and my party just got out of watching The Lion King, we were desperate for some food in our stomachs.Super overpriced, but what can you say about a restaurant in a hotel?  It's expected.  Burgers were okay at best, my party really liked the fries though.  Nice and crisp, but I can go anywhere for cheaper fries (ahem, a fast food chain).My brother ordered a steak and it did not look like a steak when he was served his food.  I had the Atlantic salmon, which wasn't too bad.  I'm actually not a fish fan so saying it wasn't too bad is saying something.  Small portions, but we were still full from our meals (burgers were a much larger portion with a mountain of fries).Overall, wasn't thoroughly impressed with this place.  Definitely had my share of better and cheaper dines.
2	Pro:Centrally located within Mandalay Bay, and it's obviously American cuisine so you know what to expect.Con:...you know what to expect...Pro:They have some baked goods and pastries available in the glass display at the front of the restaurant.Con:OVERPRICED BAKED GOODS AND PASTRIES. OMG.Pro:Service was attentive.Con:Service was too attentive. I didn't need to know about his struggling actor's life.Con:Why did dinner cost $100 for the two of us?!Con:My cup of  "clam chowder" tasted like Progresso's canned version. Not even Campbell's Chunky!Con:My husband's drink was the most poorly mixed alcholic concoction that I've tasted since my freshman year of college. And it was $14.00 whatthewhat?!
2	Mom was visiting and we had tickets for the Lion King show and decided to head to Mandalay Bay and grab some quick grub before the show.  We were concerned with waiting for our food for to long and this place looked like it would be a quicker option..wish I would have looked at reviews before we went in.  Service was good and our sandwiches weren't BAD and they had lots of meat on them but they were both lacking flavor and for the cost of a sandwich we had hoped for much more.  We ordered a chicken salad and a tuna salad sandwich...big size little flavor BIG check for lil taste :(
3	Convenient location inside MB for a casual meal.  My eggs, bacon and potatoes were A-OK.  Pretty friendly service as well.
5	Good desert great experience.  Came over from Fleur cause they sucked for service.  Girls at front were freindly and helpful.  Alex the server was great.
4	Went to grab desert. Waiter, Alex was charming and really made us feel welcome. Alex recommended the 'nutty irish coffee' delicious with the chocolate brownie sundae. Fun experience but I suspect that was due to Alex's great personality.
4	I'm a sucker for a good burger and Red, White, and Blue had them! But as much as I like a gourmet, well crafted, delicious burger, this place was overpriced for me. Service was good, not over the top amazing but good compared to the rest of our trip (Lillie's Noodle House and Grotto Ristorante at the Golden Nugget, see my reviews). The onion rings and fries were good, as was the mojito.I'll likely be back, but you won't see me running there.
2	My parents and I were in Vegas for a small vacation and it was our last day in Sin City. We were walking around the strip and ended in Mandalay Bay, which would be our last stop before heading home. We were kind of hungry and were trying to decide whether we wanted to end our vacation with a good buffet or a nice lunch. We looked at different menus from different restaurants in the casino. We realized that we shouldn`t have a buffet because we would be sitting in the car for hours driving home. After looking at several restaurants, we ended up going to Red, White & Blue Restaurant.I got the Swiss & Onion Burger with avocado and Onion Rings. It was okay. I asked for my burger to be cooked medium, but it came to me well done. I still ate it, but wasn`t that happy. When I have a burger, I usually cut it in half and then proceed to eat it. I guess, when the waitress came by and saw my burger, she apologized for the mistake and suggested that she take it back to have the kitchen remake it for me. I had already ate most of one half, so I said that it was okay, and that I`ll just eat the rest of it the way that it is. It was so nice of her to want to do that, because most places don`t really care that much because they know that they would probably get an earful from the kitchen (I know, I`ve been there). She then brought out a huge cup of Cappuccino on the house for the mistake. I don`t drink cappucinos, but I took it. Hey, it`s free... who wouldn`t take it?A tad bit overpriced for burgers, but it`s Vegas. Everything in Vegas is overpriced.
1	Food was not good. Cisco type food served cold. Cheese inside omlette not even melted. Skip it.
1	While waiting for my room at Mandalay Bay to be ready (a three hour rate, but that's another review...), I was starved for breakfast and found this place.  The menu board out front looked pretty good...and the clincher was "house-made corned beef hash".  I am a freak for corned beef when it's done well.  When it's on the menu as "house made", I get myself in line.Eating on my own, I was jammed into a 2-top in between a couple of 4-tops against a wall.  At first not so bad, as the other tables were unoccupied, but within minutes I had 8 breakfast companions, all large and boisterous.  The waitress came by to take my drink order and was clearly miffed that I already knew what I wanted for breakfast and wanted to order it all at once.   Coffee appeared shortly, and then a plate with a pancake-high bit of hash...mushy potatoes, a little bit of corned beef, a side of one thin, thin slice of melon and a sprig of parsley (the menu says "served with melon and greens").  Do they think you won't notice???When the waitress reappeared (after I had finished my measly meal), she poured me a half-cup of coffee...I guess it was time for me to go.Not a fan of Vegas, and really not a fan of $20 breakfast that wouldn't satisfy Oliver Twist.  I won't be back...
3	okay, I said I would never go back....but the lack of breakfast options at Mandalay Bay left me no choice.  Glad I did.  The breakfast food is a-ok, but the atmosphere is still crowded, and the service every time I ate there this week was appalling.  And I had a different server every time; they really need some training here.  I tried the egg white omelet and the eggs benedict.  Both were very, very salty but otherwise flavorful.  Breakfast each day ran me $24 for the basic entree, a cup of coffee and a 15% tip (which was generous, given the quality of service).
4	Came to Mandalay Bay to watch the Katy Perry concert and were starving afterwards. It was roughly 11:50pm when we decided to give this place a try. I must say service was great even at that hour and so close to closing. The manager took the time to check up on all the guest. Unfortunately certain items had run out, but our waitress, Heather, was more than helpful with recommendations/substitutions. Hubby and I ordered the braised beef short ribs, full rack baby back ribs, and creme brulee ($70). All were fantastic. Both meat dishes were fork tender and seasoned just right. The price point for dinner entrees are appropriate, but i can understand how the more simple dishes are overpriced. We also waited a bit longer than usual for our waitress to get to our table to get our orders, but I'm patient and she apologized many times as she was obviously swamped. Overall, great food and would come again, but probably only for dinner if we're on that end of the strip.
1	This place has really poor quality food. Came here after watching lion king (which was also mediocre). I ordered a bacon and cheddar burger and ordered it medium well.  The burger came out over well and was completely dry.  The roll the burger is served on was stale and also very dry so it made eating the hamburger difficult.  My father had a Caesar salad and the lettuce was wilted and brown and overall inedible.  My wife had the Atlantic salmon which she said was decent but nothing to write home about. My mother had the crab cakes which she also said were fair.My primary complaint however is the service we received.  Our server Alex ignored us and never refilled our drinks during the duration of the meal.  After sending the salad back the manager came out  and he finally refilled our drinks.  So in conclusion if you are looking for a mediocre hamburger and poor service this is the place for you.  We paid $80 for the three meals after the $17 salad was removed from the bill.  Save yourself the time and money and go to in and out burger.
3	I came over here to grab a quick take-out lunch since they have a different selection of food than Sports Book Grill and I had already been there.  I got a #7 Italian sandwich on 7" hoagie for $12.  It was decent, but $12 is a bit much... even for Vegas.  The service was good and the employees were friendly.I would come back here to try the restaurant, but probably not for take out.  Sports Book Grill was a better bet... ha ha!Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
3	We stopped here after venturing through the shark encounter. We hadn't eaten anything since breakfast and decided on a couple of appetizers to hold us off till dinner. Well I must say it was perfect timing $5 Mojitos you can't beat that and they were quite delicious. We also ordered the crab cakes and wings. I consider myself a wings connoisseur and wasn't that impressed with the wings. The crab cakes were good. Our waiter was super friendly the hostess not so much. She was kind of stank but what can you do. The waiter made up for our afternoon of fun drinking.
1	"TURRIBLE!" - C. BarkleyWas one of the only late night places open at the Mandalay Bay. Shrimp coctails were fresh and good, but the Charles Barkley gumbo was nasty. You'd think a gumbo with a fat black guy's name on it would be good..., especially if the appetizer version costs almost $20, NOPE. The shrimp were those teeny tiny things they sell dehydrated at the liquor stores in L.A. I told myself never again... The next morning, because of the lack of places to have breakfast at the Mandalay Bay, and the long lines due to a conference, I found myself sitting there waiting for a chicken salad sandwich. Again, crap! Service was terrible, fries were old, chicken was bland, and the bread was super dry. Again, never again.
2	This place is just not that good... It's decently priced (for Vegas) and the service is good.Food was very mediocre.  The meat that they used for their steaks didn't justify the price - I think it was Choice... The seasoning was very... Meh... Their sides were pretty bad (soggy fries, under cooked baked potato).Add to the fact that this was the place we decided to go to, because part of our group didn't want to wait an hour to get into our first choice, just made this a very poor experience for me.
3	We came here after watching Cirque du Soleil's new musical spectacular, Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour, on Yelp Night in the Mandalay Bay Events Center.  I didn't know what to expect, but hoped the food would live up to the show.  It did--until it was time for the main dish.  Tasty Potato Skins were quite cheesy and just the right amount of potato.  Nice cool chopped tomatoes and ample chives were available to top these delectable morsels, along with the bacon that was already there.French Onion Soup came out looking puffy on top with melted cheese, which is a good sign.  It was very comforting and very filling, featuring nice and hot and very cheesy Swiss Cheese, well-caramelized onions, and a well-deconstructed crouton in a white crock.  But then came my entree: Short Ribs and Mashed Potatoes.  There was far too much fat in the Short Ribs.  In fact, a whole layer of jiggling fat had been left on top.  It took awhile, and turned the dish into a small portion, but once the fat was trimmed away, the meat that was left was very good, mixed with Mashed Potatoes, wild mushrooms, and a nice, mild Brown Gravy.  The Mashed Potatoes were slightly thin, which in this case was good because they didn't overpower the meat.  But there was not enough serviceable meat (i.e., trimmed of fat) provided to cover one-third of the potatoes and mushrooms.  The French fries that I tried were good but according to our server had admittedly been frozen.  Chocolate Cake a la mode was very good, as was the service, except appetizer plates would have been nice for the Tasty Skins, as well as an unchipped dessert plate.  Diane got her own slice of  Chocolate Cake after her requested warming of what was supposed to be our shared slice ruined its look.  My own cold slice of the mousse-layered Chocolate Cake, along with a very large helping of Vanilla Ice Cream, was very good.  Even better, I was given the second cake slice by our server without extra charge because of the condition of our ordered slice's melted appearance after it had been heated.  But this was not the kitchen's or server's fault!  My wife had asked for the mousse-filled cake to be warmed.  I think she won't be seeking to heat chocolate mousse ever again!
1	This place SUCKS!!!!I went to Vegas the weekend of Nov 18th (my birthday!) and we stayed at the Mandalay Bay. It was early saturday night and we wanted something to eat before we went out. All I wanted was a deli style sandwhich (which is pretty hard to find). I called the concierge and she mentioned this place. I looked it up online through my phone and said "why not."I walked down to the place and it was packed! There was a line waiting but I walked right in to the "take-out" window. I ordered a roast beef sandwich with a side of clam chowder. It was kinda pricey (about $15-20) for a sandwhich, chips, and literally 8-10 fl oz of soup, but whatever, it's Vegas.So I leave and meet my friends at the Yogurt/Crepe place in Mandalay. Damn how I wish I would have gotten a crepe with them.I opened my soup container and it literally looked like someone put half water, half olive oil, a tablespoon of alfredo sauce, soggy microscopic pieces of celery, and potato. I don't even remember if there were CLAMS in my CLAM chowder, that's how terrible this thing was! I didn't even know that clam chowder came minestrone style! But apparently here at the Red, White, & Blue, IT DOES!I chocked down my soup and happily went on to the sandwich. I opened it and the thing looked AMAZING! Exactly what you would expect a roast beef sandwich to look like - the meat looked fresh, the tomatoes were vibrant, and the lettuce was beautiful. I took a bite into it and all I tasted was dry bread and a TERRIBLE wasabi mayonnaise. BLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHH!!!What the h*ll did I get to eat?!?!First off, how many people like the taste of wasabi on their sushi, much less on a ROAST BEEF SANDWICH?! Why couldn't you have given me NORMAL mayonnaise instead of this crap?!So, once again, I literally had to CHOKE down half of the sandwich and then I called it a day. I didn't even attempt to eat their nasty looking chips that came with it. To this DAY those chips are still sitting in my pink Vegas Pimp Cup.DO NOT GO HERE unless you want to feel even more cheated out of your money than you already are in Vegas!!!!On a side note - LOVED staying at TheHotel's suite at Mandalay Bay!
1	You'd think if they are going to charge folks around $16 for a simple tuna melt and onion rings, the service would be awesome.  Not the case. My fiance ordered a tuna melt and then decided he wanted to switch his side order to onion rings.  It took us more than 10 minutes and multiple requests to the hostess, bussers and other service to get the waitress to come by.  We asked for the switch and were told she had to see how far along the meal was.  Ridiculous.  It's pretty easy to switch macaroni salad to onion rings at any stage of preparation.  The food took a little while to arrive and when it did, they had not switched the side.  This took another 10 minutes or so to accomplish, causing the food to get cold.  Meanwhile, I asked for a side of ranch dressing and mustard, which also took multiple requests and about 15 minutes, so my food got cold too.  My water glass became empty as I ate and was not refilled until long after I was finished, even though I specifically asked a server for more water.  Our waitress never stopped by to check on us during the meal, and when she finally showed up she brought the check without offering coffee or dessert.  Meanwhile, I had already gotten up to ask to speak to a manager, who never came.  Only after I asked the waitress for a manager did she come.  The manager was nice and comp-ed our meal, which was the right thing to do.  Kudos to her for her professionalism.  Too bad it didn't extend to providing good service throughout the meal.  Food was just average - certainly not worth the inflated Vegas price.  This was a miserable experience certainly not worth it for a standard tuna melt.
2	food is expensive, food is not that great~have experienced betterBUT the fries were goodwould i come back here? probably not
1	I went here with my husband, just after Christmas.  The waiter was chatting with another table, for like 5 minutes at a time, while telling us we needed to order quickly before the kitchen closed (at 3:30PM?)  Considering they have no vegetarian options on the menu, I asked for a salad minus the chicken.  When I asked if they could charge less, since there's no chicken, the waiter said he couldn't "override the system."   However, he was fine to add full-priced side salads on for my hubby...  They did fix my husband's salad, which they'd mistakenly put cheese on (why the waiter didn't check, after hurrying us to order...)   The fries were good...  My salad was fine...  When four of our family showed up later (after the kitchen had closed) they sat with us, and shared some of my hubby's burger.   Inattentive, casual service, decent food, weird hours, sodas that are over three bucks each, came out to be over $60!?   Oh yeah, and then they added a gratuity for our party of six, even though they only served two of us (because the kitchen was closed.)   WTF?
4	This is only for their TO-GO counter.Since this is the only "fast food" type of dining option inside mandalay bay. I became a big fan.Strawberry cheesecake - very soft and moistPenne pasta - great dressing with fresh mozzarella and tomatoesfruit cup -great amount of fresh fruits and varietychicken noodle soup - just okGood option for when you do not want to sit down and eat.
2	We wanted to have an early lunch after skipping breakfast but were told by a rather rude hostess that they didn't open until 11:30 am as they had to get the restaurant ready for lunch after breakfast was over. Unfortunately we waited the fifteen minutes instead of going somewhere else. When we were taken into the restaurant I was surprised that there were numerous unbused tables from breakfast. It didn't look very appetizing. I had a tuna melt and my husband had a tuna salad sandwich. Both were very mediocre. They charge extra for fries on top of their inflated Vegas food prices. Service was fair at best. It was a disappointing lunch.
4	I came here right after the Tool concert and had the corned beef sandwich. Now, I'm not sure if it was because I was starving and hadn't eaten, but this was sooooo much better than the joke of an overpriced establishment Raffles. Everything in Vegas is spendy, but if you must eat general Americana in the Mandalay Bay, go to RWB. My service was also sooooo good that I tipped way way way high. My waiter actually earned his tipped merely than just expected one. I like that.
3	Tomato and mozzarella - fresh mozzarella, tomato, pesto and balsamic glaze on focaccia which came with a bag chips - for a whopping $12.Soda separately priced. Gets super busy at lunch time and lines are long. I liked the sandwich but I doubt I'd get it again, it was very soggy and the balsamic tasted a bit funky... think there was just too much of it.
3	While walking around we just stumbled upon this place and decided to try it out. We sat in their indoor/outdoor patio and started with bloody marys those were ok. The service was less than stellar, our server would be gone for awhile and wasn't very friendly not mean but just disinterested. I had the breakfast croissant with fruit it was tasty and my fiance had the reuben, a sandwich he always orders but he said it was just alright. We ordered a side of fries with cheese and bacon, those were just ok also. The cheese was shredded melted on top but its hard to pull it apart and get the bacon and cheese in each bite. It was just an ok place with all the options in Vegas we would probably never come back.
4	I came to Vegas for work and ended up staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay.  When I didn't feel like going and trying new restaurants, I came here for familiar food.  The setting is more like an upscale diner.  The staff are super friendly.I came here few times and had the following...Caesar salad - delicious!Chili - good but a little too salty for me.  Would be great if it was spicy.Spaghetti with meat sauce - a bit bland.  Too much cheese on top.Cheeseburger - pretty good.It's good for those eating alone, friends and groups.It was a convenient spot at the end of the day to eat and relax.  The staff are friendly and make you feel welcome every time.
1	RWB doesn't even deserve 1 star IMO.Been here twice in the last 2 weeks, won't be going back.  I only went the second time because my gf's parents were in town and I got them a room at Mandalay so it was convenient, won't make that mistake again.First off the service is horrible!!! We eat out a lot, it's usually comped and we leave 20-25% tip. How long should it take to get 3 coffees and a virgin bloody mary delivered to the table at 11am on a monday when the restaurant is practically empty?? Apparently here it takes 15 minutes. As I got up to go speak with the manager the waitress comes back and says " Did you think I got lost, I got stuck in the bar". Great, what the fuck does that mean, about time you brought my coffee. Now it's gonna take another 5-10 minutes for her to bring the whole milk to go in my coffee that I requested when she took the order.I was so put off by the waitress and anticipating that it would take 45 mins to get my food that I didn't even order any. Last time we were here the couple across from us said they were disgusted with the place and just got up and left. The mgr asked us where they went, I told him they said your service sucks and they got tired of waiting for someone to take their drink order. He said "we went out of our way to accomodate them", yeah sure ok buddy.The prices here are high and I use comps to pay and they're still overpriced!Just for the service alone I won't go back. I like great service, this place does not have even ok service.If you want cafe food go to Raffles cafe also at Mandalay Bay or THE cafe in THE hotel. If you want a burger then go to Burger Bar in the Shoppes at Mandalay Bay.Don't waste your time or money at Red White and Blue, this place sucks.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner.  He got a double cheeseburger and I got the Corn Beef and Pastrami sandwich.  It was very good.  Service was okay.  The table next to us was a bit crowded.  Bar area was set up nice and had TV's to watch the March Madness games.  I was craving a Milkshake off their dessert menu, and when I went to order they stated they turned off their ice cream for the night.  Even though they weren't closing for 2-3 more hours.
1	Well, they can't all be winners.First the menu is very limited.  I went for the eggs bennie -an old stand by, and my bf had the French toast.  The breakfast, all in all was on par with Denny's, nothing to write home about.  The one star was because of the horrendous service.  I've never been to a place serving breakfast were you had to get up and refill your own coffee.  Another infraction was when the runner brought the French toast but didn't bring the syrup.  We waited of like 5 minutes until the waitress came over to check if we had everything.  We asked for the syrup and some Tabasco.  10 minutes later it was brought over, by then our breakfast had gone cold.  We would have said something to the Manager but she was already dealing with 2 other complaints.  I blame myself; I should have looked at their Yelp rating before spending any time or money here.  The star rating they have is perfect in describing the quality of food and service you will receive here.
1	Highly overpriced, subpar high-school-esque lunch food with an extremely minimal menu (to which something as simple as french fries will cost you an extra 2$ on top of your meal price). I ordered a BLT and the toast was burned, charcoal black burned, as well as the bacon which tasted a couple DAYS old. On top of that, rude little teenage waitresses and a stuck-up hostess who literally said "Sup" before walking away and expecting us to follow. I don't ever write rude/bad reviews and I never owned a Yelp account before, but this place takes the cake, it even got me to sign up just to express the disappointment. Would never go back. Ever. Not ever. Very trashy and demeaning for Mandalay Bay in itself, if you ask me. McDonald's would suffice better.
1	Was in Las Vegas staying at the Mandalay Bay Hotel won a little bit of cash and figured I would take my friend out for a nice dinner. I guess i thought being that this was in such a nice hotel as the Mandalay it couldnt be bad. Boy was I wrong.....Ordered the Cesar salad which was way over dressed some of the lettuce was brown and wilted. After this ordered the filet mignon medium it came out well done and it was very fatty, Which I dont typically get with a Filet. Definitely will not be going back to this restauraunt ever.Mandalay Bay should GET RID OF THIS PLACE!
4	Not sure what all the negative reviews are about - I've found this place to be solid. Popped in here late on a Sunday and found my expectations exceeded. I ordered crab cakes,a  filet mignon, and potato wedges. The crab cakes were excellent, the steak was perfectly cooked  (medium) and crusted with peppercorns, the wedges slightly overdone. My brother ordered crabcakes, a salad with grilled shrimp, and fries. He had no complaints, and the fries were excellent (I stole more than a few). The house wine was perfectly chilled and the service good. The waitress was quite bubbly and perhaps a bit over the top friendly, but overall the service was pleasant.Surely there's plenty of places to eat at in Vegas, but if I was by here and hungry I would not hesitate to drop in.
3	A decent lil restaurant conveniently located right in the middle of the Mandalay Bay resort. Good food and a lil on the cheaper side compared to the higher end places surrounding this place.
4	I am shocked the reviews here are so low!!!I consider myself a chicken salad sandwich connoisseur, and their version was TOP NOTCH!! Side of macaroni salad was addicting, and there was a really nice wine selection. I thought service was good as well. Great quality casual dinner! Great prices. I would come back!
2	I have eaten at this location two times about 2 years apart and the second time surprisingly was a worse experience than the first. The food is mediocre and unexciting. The most recent time I ate at this establishment the place was not busy at all but we had to wait 15 min or so before anyone even came to our table to ask us what we would like to drink and was treated with a very unwanted manner. I don't know if the lady was just having an off day or what. It wasn't late in the day or anything. we went there for lunch and she was very short with us and was very annoyed when we asked any questions at all such as what was our choices in sides, or other typical questions. In case people were wondering why i would eat there a second time, I was at the Mandalay Bay for a convention both times and it was the most convenient place to eat for american food. The first time i ate here at least the waitress was very nice even though the food was mediocre and the prices were too high. $7 or $8 for a onion soup!
1	This place looks like it should have good food, but it does not. And the wait staff are weak at best. Way too many other good options in Vegas for the smart, clued in Yelper!
3	It was "ok" there wasn't much of a selection and it was a little high priced! i might try this again. The server was very nice but wasn't very attentive.
4	We had some perfectly cooked burgers in a surprisingly quiet restaurant in Mandalay Bay.  Service was really good, food was exactly what we expected, and there are a variety of drink and food specials.  The onion rings were an exception, being far better than I had anticipated.  It's a good place for two people to have burgers and drinks, and still get change from a $100 bill.
4	Potato skins were awesome, as were the mojitos. Skins were cut thinner than "normal" and were loaded with cheese, bacon, and onions and served with an April-sized side of sour cream. Thanks for not skimping! I also had a wedge salad that tasted good, but seemed a little short on the wedge. Hubby ordered a corned beef sandwich that I stole bites from and it was so flavorful and juicy. mmmm.
1	We went here the other afternoon while staying at Mandalay bay just looking to grab some quick food. We were seated right away as it wasn't busy at all, but that is about all that was good. We were brought water but never got refills and after sitting for 15 minutes with nothing from our waiter who only had 3 tables, we just got up and left. He would just walk by our table and not even acknowledge us, ask if we were ready, or even ask us if we wanted drinks. From looking at the menu prices were a little steep, but I can't comment on how it tasted since we left due to very poor service. I wish I could say I would try it again but after that horrible service, I will not be back
4	Every time I am in Vegas and stay at the Mandalay bay (especially when I am here for work), I always stop in for a breakfast or one of their mega desserts as I am headed god knows where. The all american breakfast is my go to dish as it has everything I need, eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes, coffee and juice. Score. For $16 you can't beat that. It get's to the point that when I am here for work, I stop in every morning, the staff pretty much knows my order before I even place it. ( I mean I am here for week and I never change the order lol) I have to give them props for that.I will say this, when it gets super busy, the wait is a little long, so you must have patience. They go as fast as they can to get you taken care of and the food comes out pretty quickly once you have ordered. IF all else fails order take out.
2	Even for strip prices this is out of control, you're getting crappy buffet style food and paying 5 star prices. Shame!! Casino's do not make their money in food and beverages.. $9 dollars for a 20 oz. Mountain Dew.. Call the police I need to file a robbery reports. If they made prices variable to actual store value and off the strip restaurant values, these casinos would be packed with locals and tourist alike. Again where the box says Good For: Red, White and Gross gets "nothing"
3	I was staying at the Mandalay Bay for a conference and was having a long day.  I decided to just have a quiet small dinner at Red White Blue since it was on the way back to my room.  The service is pretty terrible.  I know I was alone but that doesn't mean I should get any less attention.  Good thing I had my own bottle of water or I'd die of thirst.  I got the fried calamari and the Pastrami Sandwich.  The calamari was hideous.  So heavy and greasy that I couldn't eat almost any of it.  Fortunately, the server took it away.The pastrami sandwich definitely made up for it.  Actually I think they gave me a Reuben because it was topped with sauerkraut and thousand island dressing.  I'm not complaining thought because it was tasty.  A bit salty but juicy and the bread was crunchy.  It came with potato salad but that was not very edible either.During the conference, I contemplated coming back for the pastrami sandwich.  Also, RWB had a breakfast sandwich which I grabbed before my training session one day.  It was nothing special but considering it was the only hot sandwich place, I was pretty happy with it.
2	Here for a conference and had a 1 hour break for lunch. There were 5 of us. Some of the worst food and service I have had. Two of my colleagues food was cold and it took forever to get water and our check. I do NOT recommend. Would never eat here again!
1	The one star is for the variety of foods on the menu. The non-stars-everything else. My boyfriend and I went in for a quick bite before a show. The waitress sat us promptly, and had our first drinks back to us in fairly short order. That is the last good part of the review. After taking our orders, she seemed to forget we were there, not checking on us after our food was delivered, would walk the other way when we made it clear we wanted assistance or refills. It wasn't until my boyfriend placed his empty glass over our heads on the partition next to us before refills were brought. Funnily enough, she managed to deliver the check on the spot wordlessly when we asked for it though. The chicken salad sandwich was bland, piled high with so many toppings I could barely fit it in my mouth. After adding salt and pepper, it still remained awful, especially when I started biting into small chunks of raw garlic and onion. I could have gone to the nearest 7-Eleven and had a chicken salad sandwich that had been sitting there all day that was better than this one. My boyfriend had a Chicken Caesar Salad-something that's pretty hard to mess up, as it is a staple on most menues. The chicken was almost completely flavorless, and rather dry, the salad was mixed crispy and crunchy greens and yesterday's limpy greens, and the dressing tasted like pure mayonnaise. The most flavor in that dish was the oversized croutons, so I'm guessing they didn't bake the bread themselves, because that actually had flavor. Casino prices are normally higher that anywhere else, but these were absurd. Avoid this place if you can. You'll likely get better food from room service.
4	Not the best place, but the waitress was giving outstanding service.
1	Denny's food at a much higher price!  Go to THE cafe much better tasting and quality food, same price. I was served burnt coffee, black bacon and stale toast. Plus charged extra for everything   Waitress also never brought our OJ to us but charged us. Not going back!!
4	HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MEEEE; 5 dollar mimosa and mint mojitos! This is such a late review, but I loved this place! The other half and I were strolling around Mandalay Bay in the morning trying to find some worthy breakfast food for the birthday girl and the sign of FIVE DOLLAR drinks caught my eye at 9 in the morning. We were instantly seated and the waitress was super sweet! The service was awesome and the seats were comfortable. We started off with a mimosa and a mojito, while we pondered over the menu. I decided on the home baked croissant with ham, egg and cheese with fresh fruit. The waitress sold me on the home baked croissant because I love nothing more than fresh and fluffy carbs for a morning meal. The fresh fruit was just a perfect bonus, with powered sugar. Bur there's nothing that beats FRESH fruit, different variety it really finished off a meal. I love that. I had some of the boo's gumbo and even during breakfast, it was nice and grainy, full of flavor and bits. Love it! The most amazing part was how the waitress offered me a mimosa to go. AHA you should have seen the look on my face. How epic that simple question seemed to me because I never had thought about taking another one to go. Apparently, I forgot that I was in NV and in Vegas where it was legal to do that! Felt like such a badass walking down the street with my drink, haha. Breakfast was delicious and fresh, nothing more that I could ask for. The symbolism of the Red, White and Blue seemed very American but it was awesome.
5	Amazing food, great service and excellent managment and great bartenders.... Fresh oysters and wings sososososo good.... 100% recommended
2	With some friends, heading to find a place outside the of hotel for breakfast because we knew it was going to be pricey within, we walked by and got a bit lazy and said why not....well, I will tell you why not.We sat right away on the patio area and ordered drinks. The waiter was polite without being very friendly and just seemed like he didnt want to be there - maybe thats why our drink order seemed a bit slow, but still nothing to squak about.We all ordered reqular dishes except my wife who ordered a bagel(I dont remember which one). The wait for our order was a little longer than you would expect, but trying to be patient and be easy, our order was brought to us minus my wifes bagel - then some other waitress arrives and tells her that they are out of the bagel she ordered. Really? you didnt know this before bringing everyone elses food? So an alternate bagel was ordered - and somewhere about half way through the rest of our meals it arrives, but a different server who walked up, dumped the plate on the table and walked off - didnt say sorry for the wait, or inconvenience or even 'here you go ma'am'- wow.The food wasnt bad, but the portion size in no way equated to the price you were paying - just a rip off.No thanks. If you are in Mandalay Bay, hit Raffles Cafe - its not cheap either, but at least they give you a lot of food for your money.....and they dont dump the plates on the table.
1	Slow and rude service.  Food was below par. Eggs benedict was over hard and the ham was over salted. Very disappointing for what you expect in Vegas as far as service and quality. We went here out of convenience as it is located where we were staying and I'm sure they will continue to get a lot of customers based on this location. I just doubt many of them will return.
4	Decent place and not too expensive. Food was cooked well. Not too crowded.
1	Went here for an early morning breakfast, as soon as they opened i had to wait 5 minutes before they seated us. After we sat down we waited another10 before we got up and left. One girl was soo slow to bring out food to a gentleman who ordered nothing but oatmeal. I will only go there to get a muffin already made and that's it.
3	I'm here for a convention at the Mandalay and have made this place my go-to spot for two meals. My first night, I had a very good angus steak burger with bleu cheese and mushrooms; with tax, it came to $20. Not cheap but the best value I could find inside of this this giant casino hotel at 9:47 p.m. after checking in!The next morning, I went back for breakfast. Very pricey to order a meal. So I ordered two side dishes instead: two eggs any style for $8 and home fries for $3. An oversized cup of tea was $3.50, which is a ridiculous price, but it was worth it because it came with a fancy English Breakfast tea bag, honey and there was even soy milk available.The service here is very friendly and efficient. Not a special restaurant but it will do just fine for a decent meal at a bearable price in this pricey casino complex.
4	A bit pricey, but what I expected when you dine inside the casino. I had the grilled ham and cheese sandwich which was prepared with black forest ham, and a generous portion of it. It comes with a choice of sides, mostly different potatoes. I added a side of fresh fruit. I never thought I would rave about a grilled ham and cheese, but this was the best I ever had. The bread was fresh, the ham stacked high, and the flavor was delicious. Despite the $15 price, I'll come back the next time I'm in Mandalay Bay looking for a place to have lunch.Another big plus -- we were there with my niece for DeafNation, a convention for the deaf. It was really special that our waiter (sorry I didn't get his name) was fluent in sign language.  Thank You!
2	Ugh - the breakfast menu was so limited and service was so slow!  No wonder there is a line out the door for seating.  Also, ask for a seat away from the outside fence b/c it is REALLY tight there and I'm a small person.  I feel like I ate at an angle, which was not comfortable.  The food was just ok where the OJ was probably the highlight for me, which says something.
1	Food was just so so. Just make sure you check your credit card or bank online to make sure amount doesnt differ. Small amount but it is the principle of the matter. Maybe I didn't tip enough but it's not up to the waitress to decide that! Isnt that illegal to do?
2	Pricey for what you get, Turkey club was just a little better than average, crab cakes were good.  Other meals in the rest of my group were just too average to even mention.(Charles Barkley Jumbalaya) Service was attentive, but all of the staff there need a little better attitude, hostess girls were horrible, waitress was cold.  I know working in a casino is tough, but part of your job is putting on a good attitude for customers.
2	We've had their over priced food before and it was good, but not worth the money. This time we went there twice for to-go items. We tried a sandwich and salad (chicken salad sandwich is bland, get some flavorful chips to put inside it) and both were reasonable in size and price. The next day we grabbed yogurt parfaits for breakfast. They were good size and fresh but still expensive for what they were. they also dont have spoons that reach the bottom, so you have to get yogurt on your hand to get it all
2	I was just here over the weekend. Drinks were alright and over priced, food was bland and the service? Our waitress was just not the best. It felt like she hated her job and felt  we were such a burden to be there in the first place. Just not a good vibe.
1	Worst yuckco suckco... Walked into place..to be ignored by smutty snotty hostess..wanted to order to go.. Was pointed to filthy table with food & crumbs every where!!! Sat forever... Grabbed menus after clearing spot to sit...then was barked at by nasty waitress that section was closed....do NOT WAStE TIME OR $$$ on this place..was so pissed I thru off dirty napkin set..photographers & press wanted explanation/photo shoot...tired just Want food without fuss Stupid & lame
2	Seriously a $15 omelet? I get if it totally rocked or was huge but it was probably a 2 egg omelet with nothing special at all. Got bland warm potatoes and hot coffee (hard to screw up a coffee so no complaints there) but the waitress was barely around. Other people complain about the service and slow pace but there was barely anyone there when I was there, since it was a Wednesday at about 9am. Easy Peasy but too much money!
4	We spent a weekend in Vegas last month with a group of family and friends.  The first evening in Mandalay, we gathered in the lobby around 8ish and performed the "what do you want to do for dinner" waltz.  Everyone had a different idea.The nice thing about Red, White & Blue is that it's general enough to meet a group such as the aboves needs.  It really doesn't have a specialty.  It's just a typical american restaurant stuck in a typical casino.  Want steak?  Check.  Want salad?  Check.  Want a burger?  Or fish? Or chicken?  Check.  Stella available?  Two checks....It isn't going to knock your socks off.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  But for a group, it's probably the best restaurant in Mandalay Bay.
3	I thought this was a crazy expensive breakfast for the money. The server was pretty accommodating with my gluten allergy and sub'd fruit for the toast that came with. Otherwise, I would never pay this much for breakfast in Vegas or anywhere else. There was nothing special about it. I will say it was a crazy amount of food...2 could easily share it.
3	I had one of the most unusual Cobb salads, chock full of the great stuff (chicken, bacon, avocado), but with a little surprise: lump crab meat.  Delicious.
3	I was treated with the tex-mex because I wanted some avocado.  Other than the burger (cooked medium) it was pretty good.  I had to give it a real good squeeze in order to fit in my mouth so there was some height to the burger.  The very thin fries were less desirable.  It was dry and lacked any potato substance.  For the negative health benefit, it would have been nice to get some potato content.
1	This place is pretty over priced for the mediocre food you get. Service isn't very attentive and I'm pretty easy to please. Had the French toast and it was pretty bland. No one I was with liked their breakfast much either. I wouldn't go back
1	Onion soup had too much cheese. Filet had little taste, wasn't seasoned well, over cooked on the outside and tough. Staff weren't very friendly.
5	This place is so good it makes me want to eat here everyday. I come here whenever I stay at Mandalay Bay. I especially enjoy their breakfast. I get the Ham steak. I know who orders ham steak but you know what who cares what you think I do.  My friend Daniel Min calls me Bg Ham because I order ham steak. Try theirs I know you won't regret it. If you happen to not like it sue me. haha.
2	Service was pretty slow despite the place being 1/2 empty. Food was average. Certainly not worth $125.00 for 3 people.
