3	Pei Wei is okay . I am not thrilled by Pei Wei much anymore. There food keeps me full , it's relatively healthy and everybody in the family can find something they like. But as far as earth shaking yummy..nope  ..not here. I like that I can get brown rice. I am pleased that I get veggies in my food. But the flavors are overdone and some seem sticky sweet. BTW , Pei Wei if you want customers to feel welcomed you might want to great them , and take their orders instead of sitting  and talking .  We waited for quite a bit while one hostess took phone orders and two other gals sat and talked .
4	Same owners as P.F. Chang's.  Keep in mind this is FAST FOOD, and judging it by what other fast food is like out there, Pei Wei hits a home run.For modest prices, you get an order that easily feeds two people.  So, for less than $10, two people can eat a freshly prepared meal that is fairly healthy.Very busy at prime dining hours.  Suggest early, late, or takeout order.Blazing noodles is excellent.
4	Good fast food!
4	I am SO addicted to the vegetarian Thai dynamite. I don't think I will ever be able to order anything else. The tofu lettuce wraps are also a must EVERYTIME.
5	I love the Kung Pao with chicken. The Fried Rice with Chicken is excellent too. The food is excellent. Decent sized portions too. Once of my favorite places to eat.
3	A wise man once told me, "Don't teach the 'gwei lo' new tricks."  I never understood what that meant until I ate here.
3	This is like a fast food PF Changs.  I think it's a bit pricey for what it is.  I ask for them to go light on the sauce as I think they sometimes drown their meals in sauce.  In a pinch, this place is ok.
3	I find their food to just be OK. I know it's P F Chang's fast food, but the food choices don't even come close  Their prices are a bit higher than other fast food Chinese restaurants with comparable meals.
5	I love PeiWei! I rarely eat in-store, but their call ahead pick-up and curb-side pick-up is amazing! Every time I call-in it's usually a 15-20 minute pick-up time which is just perfect. They never fail to not have my food ready on time! The staff is decent; sometimes they are very rushed because of large crowds, so they are kind of short, but never rude. They usually still smile despite running around a mile-a-minute. I've ordered pick-up meals for a few years and there was only one instance when my order was not correct. I realized it when I got into the parking lot: missing the lettuce wraps! Uh oh. Walked back into the store and had to wait a few minutes for my lettuce wraps but they were very apologetic about it and gave me an unexpected $20 gift card because of the inconvenience. Now that's good customer service!PeiWei also came out with a new mobile ordering site which makes ordering from my iPhone very easy. Sweet!Food quality is always tasty. Always tastes fresh and flavorful. It's not as good as PF Changs, but for the price and the wait time you really can't complain. Yum!
4	What can you say about great, reliable, consistent Asian food every time.  I just found out that they have a gluten free menu for my kids, YIPPEE!  I could tell you what I order but it would be easier to call it in and after I give them my phone number they tell me what I ordered last time so I can just duplicate it....are we all creatures of habit?  It's great!  I love this place, the atmosphere is awesome in the high end shopping center on the SW corner of 67ave & 101 near AJ's.  The service is always fast and the Mongolian beef on noodles is heaven.  The wife likes the Dan Dan bowl and my daughter always gets the honey seared chicken and of course we always get the crab won-tons.  If you have room you can hit up the cold stone creamery next door....but that's a whole other YELP!
4	Love Pei Wei.  Just tasty, ALWAYS.  This location is very easy to get to and cool that you can take it all to go.Service has been pretty good every time I have gone here.
2	Picked up dinner last night,  The hot and sour soup was good but cold when I got home 5 mins later, the potstickers were good but the japanesse ramen was just yuck,  I ordered it with vegies and they all tasted old and soggy and the noodles were sticky and way overcooked with just a bad flavor, thew most of it in the trash. Havent been here in ages and now I remember why It's just not good. For half the price I could have went to panda and got better.  Time to step it up.
4	Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted. Now, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty. I've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected. In fact, he even commented that the place was "classier" than he expected. Just a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food.
5	I love Pei Wei!! They offer up some truly tummy Asian dishes! And the awesome thing about it is that no matter which location you go to, the food is consistently the same!My favorite dish is the Kung Pao with tofu, brown rice and extra sauce on the side. Seriously, even folks who don't care for tofu will love this!Thanks Pei Wei for being a mile from my work and easy to get to!!
5	always great food and they will prepare just the way you ask.Sometimes I ask for Dan Dan noodles a little less spicy, or chicken a little more crispy and they do it nicely every time.It's usually pretty busy during meal times so sometimes it's hard to find a seat, but if you have a few minutes to wait it's no problem at all.
5	Love Pei Wei, very consistent food.  I tried their online ordering for pickup because they had a 20% off special from their 11th year anniversary yesterday.  It was ready as promised, and the food was yummy as usual.And when I eat in, I like that the seating is well spaced out, not too packed in.  And the place is always really clean.  This is for the three locations I've been to in the valley.
3	ehh, not good and not bad. This place is ok and if you're craving chinese and don't wanna travel to far, this place is fine. The price is not very expensive and food comes out quick. The atmosphere is cool as well. The food quality was not bad but not something to go around raving about. Overall, i would choose a different place to eat, but this isn't a bad choice
5	Pei Wei is one of our favorites! That's partially due to the wonderful food but the management of this particular restaurant exceeds all others. The manager, Jimmy, knows how to keep his staff and patrons happy. We've been in on weekends and even on a Valentine's Day where the line was nearly out the door, but because this establishment runs such a tight ship, we have never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table on their busiest of nights. Highly recommend  their Honey Seared Chicken, Kung Pao and Mongolian Beef but it's the service that earns them this 5 star rating.
4	Long wait for to go food on the weekends. An hour today from call in to food ready. Cashiers are always very friendly.  Restaurant is noisy. People talk loudly in there for some reason, even though the cooking is quieter than the loud customers talking when they should be eating.Love that the food is made fresh, thus the extra wait.  Sometimes they put rice stix in the lettuce wrap meat when I request them to be left out, but they resolve the problem quickly and without trouble at all.  I always order online ahead to avoid waiting after ordering in store.I wish they had their own stock, separate from PF Chang's, because Pei Wei's are always packed no matter the location it seems.  Weekends, forget about it, lines are long and they even stop taking orders while they wait for people to leave to free up tables.  Just remember to be patient if you plan to eat in when it's busy.
2	Not a fan.  I know this isn't supposed to be authentic Asian food but the dish I ordered (can't remember what it was called) was inedible.  The description of the entree I ordered gave no indication that it would be sweet in flavor.  I'm not a huge fan of sweet entrees in the first place but this dish was sickeningly sweet.  I had to send it back.  The reasons why I give this place 2 stars is because of the nice ambiance, the service is good, and they were nice enough to swap out my entree for something a little more palatable.
4	No surprises here, but this location is very reliable and family loves it.  Coke machines are new favorite.  Fun to make up new concoctions.
4	Staff are very friendly and customer oriented. I love the trendy look and the food. The new coke machines are fun and trendy. I have been going to this location for years. Food is tasty and very filling. Fresh and healthy.
3	This is good Americanized Chinese food.  The portions are huge and meant for sharing.  The wait times are long on the weekend, but you can order online.  If you do eat in, don't miss the customizable coke machine with the touch screen interface.  This is a great fast casual restaurant.
4	3.5 stars for food, 5 stars for decor. It's good, not great, but pretty good. I can't seem to find an actual spicy dish. I order the korean chicken extra spicy and it's like, barely spicy. Cmon!A little expensive, but I also don't go that often. Still trying to find a "really good" asian place.
4	Excellent food this place is always busy. Good for takeout also. Very different food and I think you will enjoy it. Give this place a try.
4	Menu is very similar to PF Chang's.  Good quality American Chinese food at reasonable prices.  Order cafeteria style with limited table service.
2	In a word: decent. This is the salty variety of Asian food with canned-tasting sauces and meat. It's about as good as the frozen dinners you can get at the grocery store, but it costs more.
4	Excellent place to eat in Arrowhead. I've been here at least 30 times but this is my first review??!!!??!?  HaAnyways anything on the menu is good! I've had most of the featured entree and its all good recently the black peppered chicken is awesome!!  The wife is in love with the Carmel steak or chicken.  Big entrees so good enough to share but we had a buy 1 get 1 free so we ate like royalty!   Always clean and good service. If you are looking for a good place in the Arrowhead area to eat look at Pei Wei!
5	I love sitting at the counter with my Kids looking at the food being cooked and watching them lost in amazement at all that is going on.Food is served fast, hot with great presentation, love the coke machine, seems to have 1000 combinations of flavors.
3	This kind of food isn't my favorite, but I did enjoy the crab wontons here as well as their Japanese offerings. The prices are a little high for what it is, but not too bad. I would probably return every once in awhile when I feel like Asian food.
3	I ordered the Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Thai Wonton Soup as take-out.Service was quick and ahead of schedule--no complaints there. For about $14, this was an adequate dinner that was enough for lunchtime leftovers the next day.The Thai lettuce wraps were quite good. Chicken was a little dry (maybe due to lack of fat--not all bad). It was actually better the next day once the flavors melded. However, the "Thai Wonton Soup" has not one ounce of Thai flavor. If you have the flu, get the soup. It's essentially an extra brothy chicken noodle soup. The name is misleading. The wontons are fine, nothing to write home about. I would have expected some thai basil or something to jazz it up. It had a minimal amount of floating greens, but these flavorless morsels added specks of color and nothing more.I've tried many things at Pei Wei and it is adequate chain take out, but I go about once a year and that is enough for me...
1	I will never go back to this pei Wei again.Every time I go I'm disappointed my noodles are sticky and soggy etc
5	I love this place the food is delicious and healthy! One of the best things is their take away service. Just call in your order and they will have it ready in a few minutes it's a great way to avoid the long waits at lunch time.  Highly recommend.
3	Pei Wei food ranges from decent to mediocre. I say this because there isn't a single dish that stands out or makes you want to come back for more. Everything on the menu is something you've already seen and eaten more than a dozen times. There is nothing wrong with serving dishes that are popular or easy to cook. But one would at least expect these run-of-a-mill dishes to be made properly. I've eaten at Pei Wei multiple times and most of the times the food was just OK. But there were also times when the vegetables (especially the Broccoli and Carrots) were very dry and sauce (Kung Pao or anything other sauce for that matter) not mixed evenly with the entree -  there is just no consistency. The only good thing that can be said about Pei Wei is their service that is extremely fast. Choose Pei Wei if you need to take your colleagues for lunch during work hours or if you are desperate for some average Chinese food.
5	Pei Wei is always great! My family and I go and get edamame and chicken lettuce wraps! Lines get extremely long around dinner time. Best to go earlier in the evening or after 7ish. Fairly priced also!
3	I'm not the biggest fan of Americanized Asian-inspired food joints, but I enjoy Pei Wei. Right now there is a promotion for a BOGO, so for $8 I was able to feed two mouths with plenty of leftovers. I had the chicken pad thai, which had an ample portion of meat and tofu. I really can't complain about it; it tastes like any chicken pad thai I have eaten before. Unfortunately my boyfriend's chicken fried rice wasn't so great. He asked for no red bell peppers; instead they put in green bell peppers and a ton of scallions.  The menu doesn't even say green bell peppers in the description. I'll come back for the pad thai. It cost less and comes in a bigger portion than ordering from a Thai restaurant.
1	We ordered the Dan Dan noodles and Thai coconut curry chicken. The noodles were a little over cooked but still very tasty. The curry was bland, peppers were cold, and green beans were hard(not crunchy but not cooked). The service is very slow and employees are visibly arguing with each other. Very poor training and leadership at this pei wei.
1	I have been to this Pei Wei multiple times and it never fails I am always disappointed! I have dined in and they lose my ticket and I have to show my receipt to get my food. For take out they forget my sauces and utensil and just tonight I called to order take out the girl was very rude and it was an hour and a half wait! My recommendation go somewhere else...
3	Pei Wei is a decent Chinese restaurant in Arrowhead. I am always disappointed at the long waits and sometimes there are flies. I once waited almost 45 minutes for take out. Come on.. One should never wait more than ten minutes for Chinese. Other than that.. Food is good and the portion sizes are big.
1	Was looking forward to a good dinner for the wifes bday. She placed the order 50 minutes before the scheduled pick up. Still had to wait 25 minutes more once I got there. The customer service, or lack there of sucked. It was good food, but won't return to this one because of the service.
3	This place is high end panda basically but id rather go to panda and that's something I wouldn't say ever but this place just isn't good. The food is okay nothing to brag about the portion is so small like very small after your done eating you'll want so much more because it just doesn't get you full and the pricing is just dumb..
1	Not gun friendly!
5	Love Pei Wei so much! Great employees and even better food... They have so many gluten free options and I always leave with left overs!
4	We stopped in at Pei Wei for a late dinner.  Despite being packed the staff was very friendly and did not seem harried like another location I visit.Our food was done in a reasonable amount of time and delivered to the table. The Kung Pao chicken was good to very good.   Light on spiciness despite ordering extra but they did have the sambal olek sauce available to spice things up.  The chicken teriyaki was good.  Even the toddler with us had some and liked it.We also had a bit of confusion.  I attempted to get two orders of pad thai; one to go and one to eat there.  Unfortunately I did not review the order at the ordering station.  When I wondered where the second order of paid thai was when our food was delivered I checked the receipt and noted it was not there.  Pei Wei brought us a second order anyway with out charging.All in all the food was good but the service was far above what I expect at Pei Wei.  It was a nice end for  a long day.
3	Decided to dine in after our power went out and we were waiting on APS.  Ordered the Dynamite Shrimp with fried rice and a 4 piece spicy tuna sushi roll.  After I quickly figured out the electronic pop machine I chose my seat and waited for my order.  The place was busy thanks to the popular take-out counter.  There were a couple of tables available and plenty on the patio for dine in.  My entree came before the sushi which I thought was odd for some reason.  I received an overly generous portion of fried rice, plenty for lunch the next day.  I should have ordered the optional small plate.  My shrimp were well prepared and the vegetables good.  My sushi was good despite low expectations.
4	This is the only place that I will buy Pad Thai. The Chicken Pad Thai is fantastic. I have tried it at several different places, even authentic thai places and some come close, but in my opinion, Pei Wei's is the best.
4	Food is very good..about 3:45, must be shift change. A bunch of employees are eating at the counter..3 other guests in the restaraunt. Kinda dirty, floors, table etc..If you wanted to eat outside, your outa luck, all the tables are dirty..they need a manager to get the place clean when its not busy!
3	I have been going to this Pei Wei for a long time. Probably go there once every one to two months. For the longest time the restaurant stayed the same. I liked their food. It has a nice fresh taste and you know it is fixed fresh as they fix it as you order. Not sure what they are doing as they have changed the restaurant menu or the way they present the menu to you three times in the last year. One of the new features i like is they now have a smaller proportion available. I am a fan of being able to order a smaller proportion. That was the good.They no longer offer the fortune cookie. There used to be a big bowl full of them and people could take as many as they wanted. If you wanted to save money just give everyone one as they order their meal. i like the fortune cookie. Yes i know this is petty on my part but come on. They used to have the nice thick napkins but those are gone also. Your table used to be set with silverware, now you have to pick up your silverware by the drink machine. They also used to have the hot mustard available on a rack by the drinks. Now if you want some you have to ask. Seems the small plates are a little less than the regular plates were before the change and the large plates are more than before. Today my brown rice was about 5 minuets from being cooked. I was offered to remake my meal but then I would be eating when everyone else was done waiting for me, so I did not ask to have it redone. I really do not like the way the restaurant has been changed.
1	First off I would like to say they really shouldn't advertise a gluten free menu. When I asked for their gluten free menu, I was handed a card about the size of an index card with about 4-5 items on it. I decided on their chopped chicken salad aftrr not seeing anything else appealing out of the small amount of choices. When the salad came out the greens were wilted, there may have been 1/3 cup of chicken on top and it just looked sad. I asked for a refund and left. I won't be returning. If thats all you're offering for gluten free, just skip it and definitely don't serve sad looking food like that. It looked like something McDonald's would put out.
3	Yum for lettuce chicken wraps.. Double Yum to lettuce chicken wraps made with low sodium soy sauce. FAIL for having so many tables with dirty plates and food left out. I mean it was bad. We grabbed one the last clean tables that was left in the place. By the time we left, only half of them had been cleaned, yet there was plenty of staff ( from what I could tell) that could have easily taken care of this situation.  At any rate the food was good so that is a plus but the surrounding area left a bad taste in my mouth ( no pun intended)
4	I always love Pei Wei, the food is fresh, there's always new variety.  This Pei Wei is always clean, service is fast and friendly.
1	So I finally decided to revisit this place after 5 years or so. Yet,  once again it was very disappointing.  To top it off,  they overcharge you for everything. Then the portions were weak.  You would think that you would get your money's worth,  eh think again. food was not at all impressive either.  So much for giving a restaurant a second chance to impress.  They have lost my business and referrals for good.  Never heading back there.
1	I have been coming here since it opened. We ordered take out tonight and the quality was terrible. We were all very disappointed
1	I haven't been here in years and stopped here after my first choice didn't work out. I know Pei Wei isn't the best food but honestly I don't remember it being this bad. I should have left when I had a hard time finding clean silverware in the silverware bin. I picked about 6 forks before I could find one without paper stuck to it.I soon receive my Ginger Broccoli with Chicken. It didn't look bad but the taste was just like really BAD Asian Buffet Food. The sauce tasted like very salty soy sauce mixed with an artificial chemically flavored sweet syrup of some sort kind. I didn't taste any ginger at all in this dish. I don't know what they did to the broccoli but it tasted super strong like maybe it was decomposing. The chicken was passable and better than spongy fake whipped with filler chicken from the Subway Chain. They gave me enough rice to feed four people but it was polluted from that not good tasting sauce.When I hear Pei Wei I will say NO WAY!Never Again
