4	Tasty independent veggie friendly lunch spot close to downtown.  Very impressive list of wraps.  Fresh soup prepared daily.  The only ticks against it are that parking can be a problem and it takes a long time for them to prepare the food around the lunch hour. My tip - call your order in and pick it up.
4	Good fresh food.  I really like this place, but the line can be a pain.  I would reccomended calling and picking up your order... also parcking is an issue... Not the cheapest lunch place but that is to be expected since it is fresh and not a Roli Poly.
5	That's a Wrap is one of the best kept secrets in Arizona. The food is absolutely phenomenal. All of the cleverly named wraps (Ken and Barbie-Que, Tipper And Alba-Gore Tuna, Cheech and Dijon Chicken, Alota Fajita, Etc.)  are made from fresh ingredients and include a side dish of your choice for an incredibly reasonable price. They have a daily special as well as a home-made daily soup selection. That's a Wrap is also very accommodating to vegetarians (you can select tofu as a replacement in any of the meat based wraps). The atmosphere is casual, colourful and relaxed. The owner is super friendly and is very supportive of the phoenix art and music scenes. The work of local artists typically adorns the walls. That's a Wrap is one of my absolute favorite arizona spots. Check it out!
4	Tasty place!  Fresh dishes with combinations that are delicious and healthy.  Decor is fun, hippy chic.  Parking is definitely their weakest link, but the yummy food and casual atmosphere makes up for it.
4	Any sandwich wrap special named the Paris Stilton gets extra points in my book.  It was a tough decision between the partygirl/jailbird-inspired wrap or, the Tipper and AlbaGore Tuna, the Ken and Barbie Que, and the Very Brady Clubster. Beyond the cutesie named sammies, is some decent (and healthy) lunch grub.The menu is basically just wraps, salads and rice bowls.  The digs are real cute in a boho-chic, let's-open-a-restaurant-in-an-old-house sort of way.  The wrap itself (Very Brady Clubster) was WAY better than I expected.  Typical club ingredients with sun-dried tomato mayo and cornbread stuffing (almost polenta like) that really OUTDID itself.  Highly recommend.  The bowtie farfalle pasta salad was a bit oily for my liking, but they also have chips and salsa and fruit salad as alternatives.Tons of veggie options here, as the owner here also owns Green in Scottsdale.  Tofu can be substituted on anything here.It can get crazy packed around lunchtime with downtown suits on weekdays so def. check out on Saturday if you can.  The line was about 10 peeps deep at Noon and parking was a bit scarce.  Damn Gina.
5	i am really happy right now, cause i just had round 2 of my wrap from that's a wrap!but...Wow, i didn't realize how lucky i was to beat the lunchtime crowd here. I have been meaning to go here for several months, but like our first reviewer, can't go out of my way when during their normal biz hours.but, i had heard so much about it, i like green so much that i jumped at the chance to stop by after a rare 10 a.m. downtown meeting. i got there at about 11:30 and there was plenty of parking (by plenty i mean only three of the lots 10 or so spots were occupied), but, even though i knew what the building looked like from driving past its closed doors so many times before, i still cruised right on past while heading south on 7th st. i went into the second entrance to the lot that wraps behind the building and oops! that's an exit only. i had to do some fancy manuevering and a 3-point-turn (haven't lost my skills since driving test '98 - woot!) to face the right way and get into a spot.normally, i would be pretty annoyed at all this, but i was too excited to try a refreshing vegetable-heavy wrap on such a damn hot day. and that's a wrap! did not disappoint. while i waited for my companion, i looked over the menu and was surprised at how many of the items were hot or grilled. i was kind of heartbroken until i saw the daily special, chicken salad with avocado, lettuce, veggie mayo in a flavored wrap (all the tortillas are flavored, making the choosing process that much more painstaking).once i had my order on lockdown, i checked out the art on the walls of this early 1900's house-turned cafe. not my taste (the subjects were robotic kind of monsters with drippy limbs, i thought of pink floyd the wall, while my friend likened it to what a 15 yr old metal head stoner doodles during class) although they had skateboard art, also, which was better. then i picked up a java magazine and flipped through it...basically, if you come alone, you won't look like a loser, there's plenty to keep you busy.blah blah blah - long story short, the wrap was great, although on sides menu i chose "house chips" thinking they would homemade potato chips, but were just store bought tortilla chips. lame. friend got the pasta salad which was much better, i recommend that. plus, they cut the burrito sandwich in half and have bags and plastic wrap right there at the drink station, so you can easily get two meals (hence my being happy at round #2) and i was happy i didn't have to  a. wait in line forever just to get my wrap travel-appropriate  or b. feel like a jerk and cut in front of everyone just to get my wrap travel-appropriatenow, i am sad because i probably won't be back for another couple months, but only because it's not closer.
5	I love this place!  The food is ALWAYS fabulous and healthy.  The art on the walls is changed out monthly and the staff always friendly.  A great place to chill with a book or the New Times over lunch, they are not open for dinner.  The Prince of Thai's Wrap, is the best and the pasta salad is the best I have ever had.  No mayo !  Also, you can get a "frequesnt visitor" card and after 9 meals get the 10th one free, which trust me, does not take long!  5 stars, always :)
4	Just about everything you can ask for in a lunch place: tasty, efficient, healthy and reasonably priced. A little expensive, but reasonable. I really like this place. Almost everything I've ever had on the menu is good, including the often overlooked rice bowls (which I actually prefer over the wraps). The vegetables they use in their wraps and bowls are fresh and delicious. Whatever you decide to order, try to make sure it has broccoli in it...it tastes like they picked it this morning.They're a little short on sides (I'd pass on the chips and salsa), and the parking is a pain in the ass. My biggest complaint about this restaurant is (what else) it's only open for lunch. HELLO! There are people who live in downtown Phoenix! We need places at which we can eat dinner! Contrary to popular belief, this is not a zip code in which people work during the day, have lunch, and then depart. We are here at night too! Feed us!!!
5	My only regret with this place is that I worked neaby for years without knowing it was there!  I'm a vegetarian and I love the variety with the wraps, the soup and the sides.  I've tried many different wraps and each one was great!
5	I love you, That's A Wrap!Not only is the food great tasting, the names of the food are great sounding!  I prefer the Greek Gatsby and Cypress salad, but love to say:Foo Man ChewTipper and Alba-Gore TunaGringo StarThe Veggie Jacksonand the list goes on.... go see for yourself and walk away feeling full and like you got your money's worth.
5	Normally pithy nicknames and a vegetarian friendly mission statement scares this carniverous reviewer off.   Usually the wit bespeaks hippy cliche and the veggy-weirdo friendly menu ensures I'll struggle to find anything that once moo'd and if I do, it will taste like processed rubber.Not so at "That's a Wrap."  My wife describes this adorable wrap shop as being one which makes both her inner slut and inner fat girl happy.  It allowed her to eat good food until she was full without feeling guilty about ruining her diet.   She enjoyed the my sherry amore.  I enjoyed the Rocky VII, basically a cheesesteak wrap.  Both were excellent.  The pasta salad was pedestrian but decent and the fresh fruit salad was spectacularly fresh.   Very reasonably priced and an aesthetically pleasing interior.   Parking is a bitch though a serious problem if you go during a busy time like the lunch hour.  Have someone who can parralel park do the driving.
4	Fresh. Convenient. Cheap. And I'm not talking about me as a date. It's That's A Wrap! Or It's A Wrap. Or Wraps N Things. Not sure, but me likey! I've only had one thing and it was the turkey wrap with cream cheese and strawberry preserves in a whole wheat tortilla. Dee lish! Side pasta dish was, well, your basic cold side pasta dish. The day we were there, the room was luke warm at best. No A/C! Almost made me want to run for the hills. But we got it to go and enjoyed it at home. Besides the customers who were there were stinky teenagers with pants hanging at their knees, bad posture and sad, sulky little faces. Oh, puberty!
3	Everything on the menu tastes the same. Seriously, I think if they blinfolded me and lined up every dish on the menu in front of me I would have no idea which is which. But I guess that's okay because it all tastes pretty good.Also - they have chipolte tabasco sauce and a nice variety of iced teas.I like it.
4	I love this place because of how close it is to my house. Just like every other downtown restaurant though, their hours are a bummer. Too short! Anyway, try the Greek Gatsby salad or the Prince of Thai wrap - delish!
4	do you ever walk into a place and just feel cooler for being there? that is what That's a Wrap is like. the ecofriendliness. the witty banter in the menu. the healthiness of the items on the menu. i was a little bit afraid someone would come up to me and accuse me of being a republican and kick me out. (i am not, i just love a good polo shirt), however the staff was really nice and i was super satisfied with my experience.
5	Dear That's A Wrap,I've only met you once, but it was love at first sight... I found you easily - on 7th street just north of McDowell and lots of parking in your private lot made me happy. I walked in and felt comfortable immediately - very casual, laid back atmosphere and welcoming staff. Since my lunch companion was a little late, I had time to observe the place, the menu, and even read a New Times that was out for your patrons. A few things I noticed during my wait:1 - you are incredibly fast and efficient!2 - you have smoothies on the back of the menu and they look delicious!3 - you don't mind when people special order4 - I didn't hear any whining or complaining at all while I was thereThe list could go on, but my friend arrived and we ordered.  I had the 'Veggie Jackson' wrap - no onions or rice, add tofu with a side of fresh fruit. My friend had the 'Very Brady Clubster' with a side of fruit as well. We both commented how delicious our wraps were and the fruit was good too! The veggies in my sandwich were grilled to perfection and the combination of flavors from the feta and balsamic salsa blended just right.  I felt like each bite was a party in my mouth.  Sounds cheesy, but I swear, it's true!  Serving size was perfect and so was the price!  (Everything on the menu is $6.95 or less and even if you add chicken or tofu, it's less than $1).It's going to be kind of a hike for me since I'm moving further north, but I will be back for sure...See you soon, my new love!:)Gabi
5	Been here twice now and I really like this place!  Great healthy choices for lunch and it is not that expensive.  Both times I have come I have had the My Sherry A'more it is grilled chicken, white onions, button mushrooms, and fresh baby spinach sauteed in a robust sherry sauce, with diced roma tomatoes, jasmine rice, and feta cheese wrapped in a tomato basil tortilla... YUMMY!  This is going to be one of my regular lunch places now.  Also they have a strawberry lemonade that I am sipping right now that is so refreshing!
5	Cool place, just wish I had been coming here more often.      It's in an old house so it has that cool "old school downtown" vibe about it. Pretty healthy menu items with funny names that you'll be sure to remember, like Cheech and Dijon Chicken, The Very Brady Clubster,Teriyaki 90210, Gringo Star, In Like Fin, Rocky VII, The Veggie Jackson, and Bird Is The Word , just to name a few.I had the Prince of Thai which I really enjoyed. Just spicy enough for my tastes. I tried the pasta salad as a side and was impressed that it wasn't oily or had too much useless stuff on it, simple is good.  At $6.95 I thought it was a heck of a lot better than a drive through or a sub sandwich.I'll be back soon to try one of everything on their menu!
3	Not bad for a quick biteTo be frank, I'm not impressed. After reading all the rave review here and trying it out myself. I don't feel the freshness or better quality ingredients in anyway. The taste is so so, acceptable and bland. I have to spice it up with the tobacco on the table. Parking is good, decor is hip, people there look cool. Alternative drinks is packed in the cooler. There is a lot to like about the place, but not the food.
4	I really enjoy That's A Wrap... all of the food I've ordered here has been really enjoyable, plus it's all a really good value for the money. My favorite wrap here is the Prince of Thai, sin pollo con tofu. The Veggie Bowl is also another good option and I'm pleased they can make anything vegetarian. Worth a stop for lunch, however, the parking lot is tight and I have been here more than once when it was full.
4	Hooray!  Now that's summer and I'm not working, I can explore places in my neighborhood that are only open during the day.That's A Wrap is great.  I had the Veggie Jackson wrap, which sounded really weird (eggplant and rice, really?) but was delicious.  I had it with a side of pasta salad which was also fresh and tasty.  Luckily for me, they have no soda machine, so I was left with only (mostly healthy) choices.  :)  I wish they had a few more straight-up vegetarian choices, but I guess anything can be made veggie with tofu, which is pretty sweet.I'm glad I have lots of summer left to try this place out again.
4	This is the kind of faux genius I am:  I went to the wrap place and got a bowl.  Truth be told though, it was the right move, at least for me.  On a day when I was newly in town and running on fumes, That's a Wrap saved my bacon with some BBQ. Unsurprisingly, I have a soft spot for BBQ, and the bowl available here shows up tasty, packed thorough with veggies and rice, and warm chicken doused in BBQ.  If you're going, get there early as the place was jam-packed when we hit around lunchtime, but even so, service was quick and we were able to procure a table without too much waiting.  Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I definitely wouldn't mind stopping back in.
4	Went back again recently for my second time... just updating with 4 stars because it was really crowded and hot in the joint.  Everything else was as great as I remembered though; don't worry, "That's A Wrap" - you're still at the top of my list!  Be back to visit again soon :)
4	My friend and I grab lunch once a week here at That's A Wrap. I would give them 5 stars if a) I found a wrap or dish that knocked me off my feet and b) the service was better. Don't get me wrong, I've tried a lot of wraps and liked them all. I just haven't found that something that you crave at every local eatery. I do try to get the special every time it changes, and those have been hits and misses (Chocolate sauce on my chicken? Really?). My lunch date gets the same damn thing every time (Alota Fajita), so I'm sure she'd give them 5 stars.The service is nothing to write home about, but at least they haven't fudged anything up or been jerks intentionally. They're fast, I'll give 'em props for that.Lately the walls have been bare of awesome artwork-- recent repainting? If that's the case, I can't really tell of any improvements.
5	My absolutely most favorite-est place for lunch.  I'm not really into wraps - so that's not what I eat here.  But it's the best Greek salad (get it with chicken) I have ever had, and when I worked down there, I used to get it 2-3 times per week, split it in half, and have the second half for lunch the next day. Oh, and the other thing.... I am WAY picky about chicken. I usually end up picking off half the chicken from any salad, because I'm a purist.  If you're anything like me, you'll have no problem here.  Not to mention, this is the only place I know that carries Zevia - soft drinks made with the herb stevia - no sugar, no artificial MS, cancer-causing crapola.
4	Cool and Creative Names and ingredients how could you not love this place!I had the "Who's the Turkey" which  was, Grilled turkey breast dressed with cream cheese and cranberry relish with fresh mixed greens, alfalfa sprouts, sliced pickles, and red onion wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla  with no onions(see pics)You could put cream cheese and cranberry on anything and it would suddenly become the best thing you ever tasted! I really  liked it although I'm not sure I prefer tortilla over bread......it was a nice change, I Guess I'm just not used to it.  Especially since a certain Yelper We all know and Love got me worrying about Hydrogenated oils......As far as Ive seen most tortillas (flour) contain it......unfortunately I couldn't get the scoop here...they had already thrown out the boxes that list the ingredients, said I could call in on Wednesday  to confirm.I'm really hoping it's not listed because that would spoil the healthy kick they've got going on.Would it stop me from eating here though.....probably not, I'd just get a salad or a rice bowl instead.
5	Great. nuff said.
3	Love this place, especially the Prince of Thais wrap, and the pasta salad. The only thing that annoys me are the hours. I wish they were open just a bit longer in the evenings.   But that is really the only negative thing I have to say.
4	I had to take a star away.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken rice bowl and was very disappointed, it tasted really strange and really soggy.  My co-worker said it best, he said it tasted like a frozen meal heated. I'll stick with the 5 star wraps and salads and leave the 2.5 star bowls for them to keep.
4	Love this place!I came here at 1 p.m. for lunch. I figured if I leaned on the late side to eat, I'd find a parking spot. Sure enough. Word to the wise: Late lunch here = good idea, indeed. I entered through the back, where the outside patio is, and walked right up to the counter to order. On the wall hung a big blackboard. I read it, half-confused, expecting more than just one wrap offered. I panicked for a half-second, since I was hungry for the Who's the Turkey, thanks to Sarah G's review. The friendly guy behind the counter must have read my expression. He handed me a freshly printed menu. Brand new, he said; they debuted yesterday. Ah-ha. "I've never been here," I admitted shyly. I looked back up at the board on the wall. "Ah, that must be the special..." I said half to myself and half to him. "If only I could read vertical." He laughed. On the board in chalk was this word:SPECIALI ordered the Who's the Turkey, without onions, with a side of fruit. For there. All for $7.50. Nice. I grabbed the Styrofoam cup handed to me and walked over to their "drink station" to get water and ice. I then took a seat near the counter. Plenty of spots to chose from. The place was half-full. Very cool. I picked up a couple free mags to peruse: Java and Urban Affair. Right on. Then I noticed them: stacks and stacks of Styrofoam cups. Weird. I figured a place like this wouldn't want to harm the environment. They even have a recycle-only bin near the trash. I was perplexed... and disappointed. I hate Styrofoam. For that alone, this place gets docked a single star. (I don't want to feel like I'm harming Mother Earth if I stop to eat here. I may bring in my own bottled water next time.)My food arrived after a short wait. Beautiful. The fresh fruit came in a mini-cup (made of Styrofoam, of course) and was filled with red grapes, orange slices, pineapple wedges, strawberries and the best cantaloupe I think I've ever had. The wrap was divine, too. I nibbled happily in my chair, so thrilled that I took a break from the office to get lunch here. I had almost changed my mind, but I'm SO glad I didn't. If I lived nearby or worked closer, I'd come here often. Like 3x a week often. I'd coerce friends and co-workers to come with me. It'd be a That's a Wrap Rally, indeed. Nix the Styrofoam, won'tcha? Everything else gets an A+ from me.
5	I took advantage of That's A Wrap for their catering services yesterday and once again, was totally impressed!  I called around 10am for a 5pm delivery... I wanted to make sure that those of us who were working at the Phoenix Art Museum all day preparing for the pARTy had some fuel to get us through the evening.  Sure enough, That's A Wrap delivered - literally and figuratively.  I ordered a platter of assorted sandwiches, fruit, chips, cookies, and bottled water - it was perfect!  Everything was delicious!  It arrived right on time and it was all labeled so it was easy to figure out what you were eating.  I had the "Godfather" wrap (Salami, ham, and provolone wrapped in a honey wheat tortilla with lettuce, tomato, red onion, sun- dried tomato mayo and a drizzle of olive oil).  I don't usually choose salami and ham but for whatever reason, this is the one that sounded best to me yesterday - and it was!Thanks That's A Wrap for fueling me and all of the yelper helpers for the pARTy... I'll be back to visit soon!
4	Maybe it's an AZ thing, but I had more wraps during my few days in Phoenix than I've had all year...Gabi K and I were setting up for a big pARTy and decided to order some grub for all the nice peeps helping us.  Knowing we'd be likely to eat lots of junk at the party we decided on something healthy beforehand....and That's A Wrap was conveniently located near the Phoenix Art Museum (the scene of the party).  We placed an order for 15 wraps and asked them to throw in some water bottles, fruit, chips, and cookies (so much for being healthy) as well.  The delivery guy showed up with our wraps and there were so many good ones to choose from.  They all had creative names (Ken and Barbie-Que, The Very Brady Clubster, The Godfather, etc). I finally settled on the Senorita No-Meata, which may have just been the best wrap I've ever had: grilled peppers, onions, black beans, corn, garlic rice, and cheddar cheese all wrapped in a jalapeno tortilla. Ummmm.....YUM!The bag of chips were so addicting and I found it impossible to eat just a bite of a cookie (go figure).  The fruit looked good as well, but of course I ignored that to focus on the chips and cookies.That's a wrap for today...but i'll be back to try more wraps during my next trip to Phoenix!
5	Oh how I love thee. I am going to miss this place. I used to work around the corner and frequent this spot at least 2-3 times per month. I've never had a bad wrap and the rice bowls are good too! The Senorita No Meata is one of my favorites and I love the chips and salsa... it tends to be my side of choice. The parking situation is dumb... don't go at noon. Trust me. If you can carpool that's even better.
4	I really enjoy That's A Wrap! I want to use an exclamation point, because I feel like they do too! I'm a sucker for kitsch so I love the names of their wraps such as the Veggie Jackson & the Ken and Barbie-Q.I like the interior-- it seemed clean with very interesting artwork and lots of local business/event paraphernalia which I always appreciate seeing around town.I had the Prince of Thai's on a recommendation from the guy at the counter & I thought it was quite tasty as was the pasta salad. Maybe a little too much rice. The service was really quick, I ordered my wrap to go and I had barely sat down and someone from the back had brought it out to me all packed to go with a nice little "That's A Wrap" sticker, and I was out the door.  The wraps are $7.25 with a side of either chips & salsa, pasta, or fruit. Together it makes for a filling meal without being stuffed.I will definitely be back there were many items on the menu that spurred my interest plus it is right down the street from my house.
4	Soooo I'm WAY late on my review for this place since it's one of my FAVORITE lunch spots!  I absolutely cannot get enough of this place.  Gabi K was nice enough to introduce it to me, and I ran into her there a week later! haaaaa!  It's so yummy with lots of options.  So many I could probably eat there for a month straight and not run out of options.Just like the name says, everything is a wrap (or a salad if you're not cool enough) and there's something for everyone!  It's very reasonably priced and you're sure to leave full.  One thing I hate is the parking..... It's a cute downtown old house conversion, and they max out on parking so get there early, or late if you're anything like me!
4	That's A Wrap may have great wraps, but I love their bowls.The food here is great.  They have interesting specials too.  "The Best" chips & salsa, not really, but pretty good.  Pretty much everything can be made vegetarian, which is awesome.  Brown rice is good, but not worth an extra $1.00, sorry. The parking kind of stinks, but if you can't find parking, don't expect a seat.  Atmosphere is pretty cool, I love the artwork that changes each time I go there.Service could use a boost of friendlyness.
4	I would have never know that That's A Wrap existed if one of my coworkers hadn't known about it and suggested lunch there after a press conference at the capital.  It's seemingly a little shack, but inside it's very clean (aesthetically to the eye and physically).A great place to grab lunch, their menu includes wraps, salads, rice bowls, and smoothies.  All of the menu items are quirk-ily named which adds kitschy-ness and sometimes a conversation topic to a lunch out.The wraps are VERY filling and the sides are small.  Sometimes I wish I could have more side and less wrap, but I'm never hungry after eating the meal.Writing this review is making me hungry...
4	When I saw that this place was rated four stars overall, I thought that was perfect. This is a workhorse of a lunch place. Never bad, a diverse enough menu to allow it to be enjoyed frequently without getting bored of it. I seem to be in a Very Brady Clubster rut recently but really everything on the menu is great. I would say that the wraps are about a dollar too much, but you do get a side with them. Can't really delve into too much more right now because I'm on my way to pick up my lunch there right now.
4	tried this place for the first time today, and i was impressed...the place is a little hard to get into though, and i'm sure during a lunch rush it's crazy..their pasta salad is one of the best i've ever had...bowtie noodles, my fav...loaded with green onions so be careful!i got the bird is the word, which was delicious but lacking a good sauce inside...the pico de gallo was fresh and juicy as was the lettuce..and the wrap was so soft i could sleep on a bed of them...super cute inside.
1	after my delicious first wrap, i went in here again and got the alota fajita with beef.it was disgusting. i had two bites and spit the second one out. the beef was gritty and seasoned weird. the green peppers and onions were stringy and not nicely textured.my salsa was watery and it had one huge tomato chunk it. the chips were STALE.wtf, mate?
3	Good food, fast service, but busy at lunch time and small parking lot.FOODI've been here many times and it's always been fresh and made how I like it.  The wraps are good size for their price and I never walk away hungry.There are some vegetarian chioces and really yummy tea to drink (other drinks available). ENVIRONMENTSmall main dining area with high tops and regular tables. Sometimes noisy and a little cramped. Unique decor with one of a kind artwork on the walls. Outdoor seating overlooking the parking lot. OTHERIf you come at lunch time 11:45-1:00pm, good luck with parking.
3	Its refreshing to find one-of-a-kind places -- God knows Phoenix needs more of them to inject personality into this generic, strip-mall, chains-on-every-corner valley. Finding this unique sandwich shop, which is in a house that has been transformed into a restaurant, is indeed a welcome find. The real estate is limited, so parking is compact and circles around the back of the building.The dining area is mainly indoors, but there is also a small patio facing the back portion of the parking lot, which is not very scenic. Inside there is art on the wall that can be purchased.They serve wraps, bowls and salads. The food has been pretty good, although it did not knock my socks off. I ordered the Baja Bowl, which is described on their online menu as "Southwestern chicken atop garlic rice, black beans, Monterey jack cheese and topped with lime sour cream and pico de gallo." It was OK, but the chicken was dry and cut in fairly large chunks. It could have possibly been microwaved -- not sure, but there were no southwest flavors to speak of. I have done a better job of cooking chicken on my George Foreman grill at home. Perhaps the garlic rice would have helped with the flavor, but I had substituted the rice with organic brown rice which did little to add flavor. Sour cream was not "lime". There was a small slice of lime served on the edge of the bowl. I would not bother ordering this again -- especially if I have a craving for some southwest food.On another recent visit I ordered a wrap called "Prince of Thai's - Spicy peanut chicken with baby spinach, garlic rice, fresh ginger slaw, cucumber pico and red onion wrapped in a spinach tortilla." That had better flavor than the baja bowl. Vegetable ingredients were fresh and good. Again, I was not very impressed with the chicken chunks.One thing I think That's A Wrap needs to address is the use of styrafoam cups. Afterall their slogan is "Healthy Food for a Hungry Planet" and they have a link for a new restaurant "Green" for Vegan food on their website. For such an artsy, earthy place, I would have thought That's A Wrap would have made more conscious, earth-friendly choices. For that reason and the bland chicken, I give them an average rating only.
2	I don't know what it is with That's A Wrap, but everything is starting to taste the same. While I love the Prince of Thai's wrap, anytime I stray and order something else I'm hugely disappointed, and let me tell you, I have tried more than just a few. Then I just get angry about spending $8+ on a wrap that I did not like. What gets me the most is that all of it sounds SO GOOD on paper but fails horribly on the palate. SO SAD!
3	I loved this place when I was pregnant. Now, not so much. It just tastes very bland. It reminds me of chipotle. I like Chipotle better unfortunatly. Must have been the pregnant hormones!!!
2	The people are friendly and the ingredients in each wrap are masterfully selected. So why only two star? They don't mix the ingredients together very well which makes for a lame meal. I want to have a bite of lettuce, cheese, chicken, and tomato. Not a bite of cheese, then a bite of lettuce, etc.
4	I rather enjoyed the place & the atmosphere.  It's a small restaurant with an extremely small parking lot.  It reminded me of a hippie restaurant you might find in Berkeley, CA.  I really enjoyed my Very Brady wrap.  However, the portions were a little small, but maybe it was because I had almost nothing to eat that day.
4	I used to work right around the corner from this place and really enjoyed it!The Bad: The parking DOES suck around noonish, but lets be honest, how many places in the Central Phoenix area have ideal parking? It's definitely better than downtown Phoenix....parking wise that is. I love the "Bird is the Word", "Gringo Starr", "Rocky VII", and the chips and salsa and pasta salad sides. Also, the jasmine iced tea is really good. Honestly, this place is one of the coolest lunch places around Central Phoenix!
5	I love, love, love this place. Does parking suck? Yes. Do they get busy at LUNCH hour? Duh. Is it small? Yes. Is it fun, locally owned with fresh ingredients and nice people that run the place? Yes, Yes, Yes and Yes. So to me, it's worth 5 stars and $7.82 for a wrap and side.... I see complaints that ppl think it's expensive, me thinks not. If you go to any other lunch time "quick bite" place you'll pay about the same amount (or more), unless you're talking about a franchise fast food spot. This place is right around the corner from where I work so I like to zip over here when I've forgot lunch or too lazy to make it. I almost always get the Turk 182 b/c I love artichokes and the Muenster cheese. I decided to branch out and tried the Sherry A'More. YUM! I don't think the food is bland, and I like flavor. I don't think they all taste the same either....the garlic rice in some of the wraps is great, and I normally don't like rice in wraps. Every time I go here the people are ALWAYS nice, even when getting eye rolls, sighs and rude comments from customers. Service is HUGE with me and goes a LONG LONG way so I can easily look past small inconveniences of parking and a small restaurant and the occasional mistake of the order taker...
4	Do they have the best wrap I've ever eaten? No. Do they serve fun and interesting combinations that you can't get anywhere else? Yes. So I will continue to eat here and be a fan. Sometimes the wraps are a little half-assed but they always taste good and that's what counts. They had a special wrap called 'District Ate' with chicken, apricots, almonds, lettuce, and other yummy things. I ordered the Very Brady Clubster instead. It was good but I'm still thinking about that damn special. It is a great place to go and try something new. Also, their iced tea is outta this world. I always make sure to go after the lunch rush. If you don't like crowds and a nightmare worthy parking situation then just avoid it and go later. Yummy, fresh, and healthy food is always worth a little extra.
4	I have been looking for a place like this since I was in college a decade ago;  Back when the wrap craze was just getting started.  The ingredients are quality, they are put together in a really healthy way, and the ambiance is pretty hip.  Every time I have been here it has always been full of people.  I wish I lived closer so I could eat here more often.  Trying this place is a must.
4	Pretty healthy, very tasty, reasonably priced, fun ambiance.  Also, can substitute tofu in any wrap that normally contains meat.  AND- their tofu is SOOOO good.  Huge kudos for that.  I'm a fan.
4	I frequent That's A Wrap for lunch.  I order the Veggie Jackson wrap and an ice tea most of the time.  Every now and then I will order the Senorita No Meata wrap or the Cyprus Salad.  There Wraps are very tasty.  The recipes for the wraps are genius and they are named cleverly.  When you order a wrap you get a choice of a side.  Try the pasta salad...THE BEST, or fresh fruit.  Healthy fresh food keeps me coming back to That's A Wrap year after year.The restaurant is an old house from the looks of it.  They added an outside patio a few months back.  Every now and then they will have incredible art work on their walls.That's A Wrap is an eco-friendly restaurant that uses bio degradable cups and they recycle.  They care about the Earth.If you are ever in the mood for tofu try the owners other restaurant, Green.
3	I don't know about this place.  They have all these great wrap sandwiches but the salads seemed like an afterthought.  And I try to avoid food carbs, cause I need them carbs for drinking!  So I got the Greek salad and it just seemed plain to me.  I loved all the kalamata olives and abundance of feta, but flavors seemed to be lacking.  Maybe I'll have to get a wrap next time.
4	I really want to give a better rating for this restaurant, but I just can't.  The outside looks very unique from the street, an inviting little bungalow on a busy 7th Street.  Parking is atrocious so walking or riding a bike is highly recommended.  The decor is very urban and hip which I love.  Great artwork and painting on the walls with wood floors thoughout.On to the food.  I found my wrap that I ordered(Godfather) to be very bland and didn't have much flavor.  I was looking forward to the sundried tomato mayo, which is the reason why I ordered this wrap, but it failed to my liking.Overall this place is very good, but I don't think it would do well in a true "Green" city such as Seattle.  How can you claim to be green and healthy for the enivironment while not having a recycable bin for an organic soda aluminum can?  Maybe I just didn't see a place to put the can, but like everyone else before me I threw it in the trash. I will give it a few more shots here to see if the food grows on me and hopefully I have the chance to recycle as well.
4	I was initially skeptical about this place...my coworker told me about it and orders lunch from here 1-2x/wk.  She likes more plain food than I do, so I assumed it was going to be plain.  I was pleasantly surprised for two reasons...everything can be made vegetarian and anything I don't want can be substituted for something else...so it's a bit like "design-your-own-wrap"....For sure, the Ken and BarbieQ is my favorite, sub tofu and brown rice...corn, rice, blk beans, veggies, and bbq sauce...DELISH!This place is great for staff lunches...seems like there's something on the menu for everyone.  But beware, lunch time can be a bit difficult, especially parking-wise, because it's packed in here...so CALL ahead and order to go!
5	Love this place. The fun names will bring a smile to anyone. And the wraps are killer.Ken & Barbie Wrap (spicy BBQ) this lunch break to fix this slump of a mood I woke up in. Just the right of BBQ lovin' inside the mix, making this wrap so so yummie. Messy but oh so goodWooHoo thank you Stevie for the extra fruit
4	You know those times when you want to go as far away from your office as humanly possible but know that you still have to be back in an hour to avoid getting bitched at? Well I work in Tempe and That's A Wrap in Midtown Phoenix is so that place for me.Their food is fresh and delicious, and considering how insane their lunch rush is, they do a pretty solid job of getting you in an out of there pretty damn quickly.So, let's see. I've been there twice now during my "I've got to get the F out of Tempe this second or I may actually shoot someone" moments, and was pleasantly surprised on both occasions. The first time I went, I had the Buffalo 66 wrap, because if you've read a single one of my reviews, you know that I am incapable of saying no to Buffalo Chicken anything. The chicken breast was tender and extremely flavorful and the sauce was nice and spicy. The vegetables were really crisp as well.The second time I went I got the Alota Fajita wrap mostly because I wanted to see if I could say it out loud without bursting out laughing. No real surprise, I could not. It was your run of the mill fajita wrap, again very tasty and flavorful, but not quite as good as my buffalo chicken wrap.The place is very vegetarian-friendly, pro-natural ingredients and locally conscious, which I like, but in the business of full disclosure, it was just a little bit much. I don't want to pay $2-$3 for a can of shitty "all-natural Black Cherry soda." Gimme a break. By all means, save those options for the marks with fat wallets that think buying the all-natural soda is making a positive impact on the environment, but do the rest of us a favor and throw some affordable regular ppl options out there as well.Minor rant aside, I am a very big fan of this place and will continue to flee my office for it.
5	If I could marry a restaurant it would be this. Or maybe Taco Bell, but if I don't want to have a trailer trash wedding than definitely That's A Wrap is a better marriage partner. Their food is DELICIOUS. And their berry lemonade stuff is my fav. I love that all the wraps can have tofu substituted for the meat and its not a huge hassle. A lot of places servers stare at you and can't seem to wrap their heads around the idea of substituting other things in place of meat in the dishes. Here it is totally common and not at all shocking. I love that. The wraps are huge, the sides are delicious and the place is really cute the way it's decorated. Too bad I live so far away or I would be here on the daily. Seriously, stop reading this and go there right now. And if it's not open then camp out until it is, it's that good.
4	That's a wrap is the perfect lunch spot for health conscience people. But don't worry -- its not bland and borning. The food is tasty, the service is quick, its easy but also a nice, cute spot for conversation and relaxing mid-workday. Parking can be a bit of a challenge, but never takes too long to find a spot, so be patient. The salads and wraps are all great and suprisingly generous portions.
4	Man, if I wasn't scared to death to park in That's a Wrap's death trap of a parking lot, I'd be there all the time. The wraps are awesomely huge and a tremendous value, and they really put together some killer flavor combinations.Last time I was in I grabbed the In Like Fin, which packs ahi, mango salsa, a peppery ginger slaw and garlicky rice into a tomato basil tortilla. I couldn't finish the thing. And, as a bonus, the people behind TAW are opening a new concept soon. Keep your peepers peeled!
5	I showed up to this little place today with my co-worker. I was wearing business clothes, pressed wool pants' long sleeve shirt etc. I did not fit in or match the decor, but that did not matter. I read over the menu atop their cast concrete counter full of fun inclusions like a fork. Surprisingly there were several vegetarian options. Even the soup of the day was meat free. I had "The Fin" it was a tuna wrap, but not canned tuna, cooked tuna full of marinated flavor, accompanying it was a mango salsa, purple cabbage slaw and garlic white rice in a red tortilla. I opted for the jalapeno cabbage soup of the day as my included side. For $7.25 The tuna was great despite looking over cooked, the soup was truly great. I do not like soup but I liked this soup, it was creamy without cream and had a great spice note. The service was fast and friendly. Moreover, our food came in a neat little bread loaf tin. There is a small patio both front and back and indoor tables and high tops. Parking is a bit tight. This is what a lunch place should be. I will be returning
4	This restaurant is the quintessential downtown lunch spot. The wraps are fresh and inventive and very creatively named. I had the seniorita-no-meata which seemed like the smaller, wrap version of a meatless chipotle burrito. I went with a side of the miso soup which fresh and deliciously homemade. They're more than willing to make any wrap veggie-friendly which is always a plus for me! And for the religious tea-drinkers out there, I would highly recommend giving the lemon aid a chance, it's my new favorite!
5	That's A Wrap caught my eye on a trip out to Phoenix shortly before I moved here. I had high hopes going in and it exceeded my expectations.  I love the veggie wrap with jasmine rice paired with a refreshing and delicious glass of strawberry lemonade.
5	Delicious!B introduced me to this place because he eats here at least twice a week, and my god, I now understand why. They have the most delicious wraps I have ever tasted in my entire life!Fresh delicious ingredients that are actually healthy for you.. and I love nothing more than healthy food that doesn't taste healthy at all.. for instance, the teriyaki 90210.. Grilled teriyaki chicken, crunchy veggies, fresh ginger slaw & jasmine rice.. amazing! Rocky VII, who doesn't love cheese-steak?? Not the healthiest choice they have to offer, but goddamn delicious. Ive also tried the Gringo Star which is the mexicany wrap and The Godfather with salami, ham and my favorite, provolone. I usually get the pasta salad to accompany my lunch, which is also, very yummy. Ive literally never tried anything here my mouth didn't instantly fall in love with. Really, the only thing that sucks about this place is the parking lot.. its tiny! You're lucky if  you can even find a spot during the lunch rush, and if you do, you're lucky if you can get your vehicle out of there once you've parked. People create their own spots at this joint, sometimes behind your car.. but really, park across the street and walk if you have to, it is absolutely worth it!
4	WONDERFUL PLACE FOR LUNCH!I love going to lunch at That's A Wrap, the food is amazing fresh and full of flavor, the staff is always nice and helpful with smiles on thier faces. they feature a different VEGAN soup everyday too. The parking can be tight but its not to  bad if you have some patience. yummm yummm yummmmm!
5	Stopped in to pick up some lunch today, and I went with the veggie jackson. i ordered it sans eggplant, so it came with broccoli, asparagus tops, carrots, onions, feta cheese, garlic rice and a balsalmic salsa. It was exactly what my tummy was hoping for. :) I opted for the tortilla chips and salsa today instead of the miso soup (which is delicious), and was happy with my choice. the salsa is chunky, with lots of veggies and flavor. The place was pretty empty, so it didn't take long for my food to come up. Quick, affordable and delicious!
4	When I used to work downtown, I would get lunch from here regularly.  The food is fresh and really tasty.  The Gringo Star is my personal favorite....it's a nice alternative when I really want a carne asada burrito but want to be a little healthier!  The only downside is the parking...if the lot is full, you might as well go somewhere else.
5	My new fav!! :) We have to go down town about once a week, and we always end up eating bad food, but I wanted something healthy, and I noticed That's A Wrap. I ordered the Price of Thai or something like that on Monday and it was great. Both the Hubby and I were down town on Wednesday and we were starving, so we went back and he got the buffalo 66 and I got the Who's the Turkey, ooohhhh my gosh they were AWESOME! the buffalo 66 could cure my hardcore wing cravings and I have not stopped wanting another Who's the Turkey! I am going to go down the line and try every wrap every time I get to go!
4	Great variety of wraps...chicken wraps, tuna wraps, wrapped wraps...seriously, this is a good lunch joint, often way too busy to get in and out quick. Everytime my wrap and chips is $7.85. It's by far the best $7.85 wrap I've had in Phoenix.If you need a suggestion, get the messy Buffalo66!
4	Made the trek over to That's a Wrap from my Tempe office for lunch today.  Even though it honestly doesn't take that long it was well worth it. I went with a buddy who has actually had them cater a luncheon for a client which also went very well. Today I ordered the "Birds the Word". The chicken was moist, flavorful and fresh. In addition since it wasn't filled with rice it was the right amount of food. Compliment that with a fresh side of fruit, I had a winner! My buddy got the Cypress salad. Not only was the salad the size of my head but it looked very fresh and he mentioned it had good flavor. In total for both of us it was around $20 including drinks. A great go to spot in the valley!
5	Thata boy, That's A Wrap...you know what you're doing. I like sandwiches. I do. And I think I'm pretty good at judging a sandwich not only by its cover but by the options for what's inside too. Ladies and gentlemen, this shop has got it going on. If you've ever driven on 7th, you've probably passed it. Does the parking lot look intimidating? It is. But, if you can snag yourself a spot, you're in for a treat. Fresh tortillas, deli-style meat, farmer's market veggies, condiments galore and every wrap combo you can imagine. For the volume of customers, the service is great. There might have been a line out the door during lunchtime, but I got my sandwich in under ten minutes. Not bad. The wraps aren't too big and aren't too small. They're just right. And healthy too. After such successful experiences, I've decided I need to continue coming up with excuses to find my way to Downtown Phoenix. It's hard to find a good sandwich spot and when I do, it's lust and love at first site. So beware That's A Wrap, you've made a crush out of me.
5	Love love love this place! Seriously, a place in Phoenix that is locally owned, has great prices, great food and buys local is pretty hard to find. My favorite wrap is the Gardin'n salad as a wrap. My only complaints about this place are the hours and the parking! But still well worth it.
3	The food was ok, but there is no parking and the lunch wait is looong. its also pretty healthy eats which is not too exciting
3	My first visit to That's A Wrap and I did not have a Wrap. I instead had the Spiced Red Pepper and Gorgonzola Soup. It was good, but I barely got any Gorgonzola flavor. The grilled tortillas they served with it were tasty. The place is nice enough, but not darling. More Hippy Chic I'd say. It also seemed a bit dirty...or was that the staff? Parking stinks and the wait was a bit much. I would stop in again for an early or late lunch and try a Wrap next time.
5	This place is awesome. If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for? The Prince of Thai's and Senorita-no-meata are my favorites but they have lots of different wraps. So GOOD! Beware around lunch time (mon-fri) it can get pretty busy and you might be waiting for 20 minutes to order and get your food. If time is of the essence pre order your food. **Yes parking is a pain and lunch time gets packed for all you men out there .  .. . . this place has tons of meat packed wraps for your taste buds too.
5	Nice restaurant with a lot of great vegetarian and vegan options. The food is healthy and they try to accommodate any special requests you may have. The prices are very reasonable as well.
