4	I was beginning to think there was no such thing as good frozen yogurt in Arizona.  I mean we had all kinds of fro yo back in San Jo!  And it was the bomb!!  But here....MoJo just does not do it for me and I have not found anything I really liked.........until now!!My daughter sighted Kokomo when we went to dinner at La Fonda.  It's just a couple of doors down so we had dessert here.  8 rotating flavors, lots of toppings, clean and modern looking.  And they have a great variety of toppings too.  Mochi, fresh fruit, carob chips, graham cracker crumbs (a personal favorite), and they have a nice glass jar full of lemon water to help yourself.  I think .38 cents an ounce is resonable.  We got two cups for just a little over 5 dollars.  Not bad at all!  The yogurt was yummy too.  Not too creamy, not icy, just right.  I had vanilla and raspberry and my daughter had vanilla and chocolate.  Ya, we tend to be traditionalists.  The young man behind the cash register was very nice and friendly.  He gave us a punch card and it's close to our house so I can see when the weather is 115 outside, we will be coming here to cool off!Thanks Kokomo!!
5	My ALL time FAVORITE Fro-Yo place! The yogurt is the perfect texture and many flavors to choose from. When I'm trying to be good I get the Original Tart Flavor with pineapple and kiwi. But.....my favorite SPLURGE combo is Irish Mint, Oreo and Brownies. The Brownies is AMAZING. I often get a single piece or two just to curve my ultra sweet craving.An extra bonus = the guys here are super friendly and pretty cute too!A huge cup of Fro-yo with a side of eye candy? Win-Win.
5	Love this place!!! Nice & clean. Wonderful selection of FRESH toppings.  Friendly staff - favorite new place!
5	One of the best yogurt places I ve been to in a long time.
4	Being a huge "fro yo" fan, I thought that it couldn't get any better than Golden Spoon. However, I was introduced to Kokomo by a friend and I have to say I was definitely wrong! Kokomo is an self-serve frozen yogurt joint that offers an array of eight different flavors including: Original Tart, Raspberry Pomegranate, Ghirardelli Chocolate, Cookies and Creme, Cake Batter, Tahitian Vanilla and Dole Pineapple. After choosing your flavor, you are able to top your creation with a wide variety of toppings. Toppings range from candy bars to nuts to fruits so whatever you are in the mood for, Kokomo will appease your cravings. Unlike similar yogurt joints, Kokomo won't break the bank either. For every ounce, you only pay 38 cents. Not only are the prices cheap, come often and you might just get a free yogurt that you can fill as high as you like. After purchasing nine yogurts, Kokomo awards you the tenth one free. Between my family of four, it really hasn't been hard to fill up the stamp cards. If you have yet to try Kokomo Frozen Yogurt I'd definitely recommend the Dole Pineapple frozen yogurt with pineapple toppings. I've never tasted anything as refreshing. However, you don't have to take my word for it. Kokomo lets you taste samples before you make your decision. The yogurt texture is perfect; it's not too icy and not too creamy, just the way "fro yo" should be. Not only is the yogurt delicious, the atmosphere is really earthy and modern with an natural color scheme of blue,green, white and brown. The floor is actually made of pebble tech which just adds to your experience. If you plan on giving Kokomo a try plan on it being really busy, especially on a weekend night. It is always crowded with high school students from surrounding high schools Hamilton and Basha. However Kokomo doesn't just appeal to high school students, families and adults ranging from their 20s to their 60's enjoy Kokomo just as much as the younger crowd.
5	I consider myself somewhat of a frozen yogurt connoisseur, so when I spotted a frozen yogurt shop conveniently located next to my salon, I was ecstatic. Although I'm slightly embarassed to say this, I hated the inconvenience of driving to Tempe to get my frozen yogurt on. I didn't really like Golden Spoon, the main reason being I am thoroughly spoiled by self serve frozen yogurt. Anyway, I love the taste of the tart yogurt here. I can't really pinpoint it, but my taste buds were singing with joy. I also liked the abundance of toppings, and they actually had pomegranate! By the time I paid for my yogurt, I couldn't wait to dig in...and it tasted as good as it looked. I've never glanced twice at other frozen yogurt places, and although there have been times when I was dragged out to a different place, I always found myself comparing everything to Kokomo.Anyway, since I was salivating all over my laptop keyboard, I have decided to run out and get some frozen yogurt. Try this place! It won't disappoint. And I agree, there are some cuties working behind the counter.
5	Has grown in popularity.  My kids love this place and have lots of fun making their own yogurt treat... honestly I would not eat one of their concoctions as they are usually unique mixes of cereal, fruit and gummy bears.That is the magic of the place- an infinite mix of possibilities.My wife usually take the kids here after they do something awesome and they love it.They usually rotate a few different flavors and give free samples.Highly recommend- watch for post dinner crowd as there are few seats- but a must try.
5	This is my favorite frozen yogurt place! The yogurt is so good, and all healthy. All of their yogurt is either low fat or fat free or sugar free. and the toppings are good. The place is also really clean. It does get pretty crowded though. And they also seem to be the cheapest frozen yogurt place that I have found.
5	I've been daydreaming about a build-your-own burrito place for years, but I haven't hashed out a way to properly account for the mass of meat (pricey) versus rice and other ingredients (cheap). Regardless, the place would be a mess.Kokomo stopped daydreaming and created the perfect frozen yogurt destination: grab a way-bigger-than-you-need cup, pump as much of as many flavors of yogurt as you want, and top it off as you please. Who can make a better dessert for you than YOU?Plus, the product itself is so tasty. It almost melts -too- fast.Two quick tips:* Do not park your land yacht in the go-cart-sized parking area that supports Kokomo and the 18 businesses at the south end of this strip mall. Park by the Bank of America and hold off your headache until you start spooning your frozen yogurt too quickly into your grill.* If you want time and space to create your perfect confection, do not show up between 6 and 8pm on weekends. During this rush hour, the place is filled (literally, the line fills the place all the way to the door) with unparented children who won't give you time or the space to craft your chilly concoction. Before or later, you'll have elbow room and time to rotate between toppings and yogurt should choose multi-layering.
5	LOVE IT!!! I am willing to drive there and get the sweet CREAMY yogurt with unlimited choice of toppings!!! Unlike other yogurt places - Kokomo yogurt is NOT cheap and watered down- it is actually creamy and tastes good!!! MY FAVORITE healthy alternative- and non- guilty pleasure!
5	the BEST quality self serve frozen yogurt i've ever had. my favorite flavors are peanut butter, cake batter & pistachio... oooh and they had a really good mint flavor during the holidays that was to die for... i really like the service here too. it's really nice to go to a place that is clean, well managed and has friendly workers. i heart Kokomo!
2	Only been one time. Its self serve and priced like most self serve places. I would rather be served. It was full of kids, and kids running the place. Id rather go to Golden Spoon across the way!
5	kokomos ROCKS !!! This place is so clean and all their toppings are sooo fresh.. We go there 2x per week and love to see the place packed all the time.. Glad u r in town !!!
5	So awesome!  Deliciousness from the first bite, all the way to the last.  This place makes me feel like a kid again!  I love you Kokomo!  I love the cup cake batter, and dulce de leche!  The fruit toppings are always fresh, and this place is always clean.
5	Great flavor and neat concept.    Also the price is just right for this great yogurt.
4	My kids love this place.The flavors are always good, the toppings are always fresh.They keep it pretty tidy in there.The prices are reasonable.I've recommended this place to everyone I know.
5	This is an amazing after dinner treat...I love going to Kokomo and building my own delicious treat.  The toppings are all fresh.  And the place is super clean.
4	We love going here. I would give it 5 stars if they would cycle out the ice cream flavors a litle more. Some of the othe build your own yogurt shops do it a little more. This place is always booming and the owners are very friendly.
4	Prices are a bit high but the flavors are good and the topping selection is awesome!
4	Probably the best frozen yogurt I've found in the East Valley.Their flavors can't be beat.  I personally love the cake batter and the pineapple (when they have it).  The toppings are equally amazing.  I'm not normally a big topping person, but theirs have won me over.  Where else can you find mini mochi balls?
3	I wish they had strawberries and bannanas.  I would go more often.
2	This place was very basic. There's no spunk no flair and nothing that seperates it from any other place, plus it's small inside. And parking is not that great. I just feel like, I would go to Orange Leaf that's maybe 5 minutes away. They did have a lot of toppings. But the yogurt flavors were just your average, chocolate, vanilla, fruit. Maybe I am getting picky on my fro yo, but with so many of these places sprouting up, shouldn't there be something special about a store?
4	The first time I stumbled in here it was near closing time with a co-worker. There was actually *nobody* there. Nobody eating... nobody at the register. Luckily, my friend and I were like little kids giggling at the choices and a worker came out. Just so you know, I don't care if they are out there staring at you the whole time or if they just come out at the end - just don't make me wait at the register... which they did not.I will warn you though... this is more filling than it seems. Or maybe the Heavens are just telling me that I need to eat less. Not sure.In any case, the bad? The fruit bar is deep and hard to reach the back items. you pretty much have to lay your face on the glass and reach in there like you are trying to find your car keys that dropped behind the couch. Or... maybe I am doing it wrong and the workers are supposed to scoop into your cup for you? Again, not sure. I'll make due with the face-to-glass for now.Get there. I've gone again during the day and the place was hopping!
5	So yummy!  I got the low calorie yogurt with all kinds of yummy fruit in it & didn't even feel guilty.  Such a fun place to go with friends or as a nice dessert after dinner. I can't wait to go again!
4	My FAVE fro-yo place out there!  I've tried em all, I swear and this is my all time favorite!  The flavors are unique but not too weird and the topping choices are greater than other places (better selection, better quality).  I would pick Kokomo over any other fro-yo place, any day!  The atmosphere is clean and the staff is friendly, and the prices are as good as anywhere else.  Worth it!
5	got the vanilla yogurt with fruits. AMAZING.
5	This is the best frozen yogurt I have ever had, and I try frozen yogurt wherever I go! Not only are the flavors refreshing and of the highest quality; the fruit is always fresh and ripe!The store is always kept clean and the staff is very nice :)I would travel 30 minutes to get to this place anyday!
1	So if you are part of a group, and you don't like/can't eat frozen yogurt (but your friends do) this is not the place for you.This is usually not a big deal since I love Sorbets and Sherbets... but Kokomo had absolutely nothing but frozen yogurt. I've never been to a place that didn't have at least one Sorbet or Sherbet.I insisted that my friends stay and have something... I didn't know of any other frozen yogurt places in the area (even though a pretty nice one just opened up across Alma School Rd from Kokomo). They weren't impressed, and they weren't disappointed. Kokomo is a typical frozen yogurt place that is clean, and the staff is very friendly. I will never go back due to the fact that they don't have a non-froyo selection... even just one. We will be trying the new place next time (it is a bit bigger) and if we don't like that we will give the nearby Tasty De-lite a try.
5	Great little frozen yogurt place! The place was super clean, and the staff very friendly.I got the raspberry-pomegranate which I highly recommend if you don't like flavors that are overly sweet. There are tons of toppings that you can add, including tons of freshly cut fruits, and also the typical candy/nut topics.The berries and kiwis go great with the raspberry-pomegranate!
5	Great flavors and toppings! And everything was so clean, especially the fruit. The seating was good too, plus wifi
5	I loved Kokomo! I have yet to go to a fro yo store as clean as Kokomo! The fruits were so fresh, and the topping section was clean, with a great variety! I also found it charming that I got to meet with the friendly owners! Kokomo beats all the yogurt store in this area!  I didn't feel guilty because the yogurt is so healthy! I highly recommend Kokomo!
5	My family and I have been coming to Kokomo ever since they first opened and still love it from day 1 even with all these other frozen yogurt places opening up.  The place is clean, the yogurt is delish but my favorite are the fruit toppings!  I love love love their fresh fruit toppings.  They are consistently fresh and tasty!  No yucky fruit here.  Superb! I hope they will keep it up and stay that way.
5	UGH I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH :( Like too much.. srsly..Yummy selection of flavors that they are always changing up. Tart and pomegranate raspberry are delish as well as pistachio. Last time I went they had coffee and peanut butter flavors YUM!!!!The fruit toppers are the BEST! Always fresh and sweet. I like that they have different toppers from time to time.. today I went and they had CHOCOLATE. COVERED. STRAWBERRIES. Yes, I know.It's always clean in here and the staff is always super friendly. Don't go in the bathroom though, kind of smelly :(
5	In LA we had fro Yo shops everywhere.  You get to know the difference between good and bad fro Yo.  Although this place only has 8? flavors they use high quality machines and yogurt mix. None of that powder stuff.  Original Tart and fresh fruit works for me. If you want to go for the entertainment and social factor there are other places, but if you just want good yogurt this works.
4	This is my parent's favorite froyo place, and with a pretty convenient location, we tend to automatically go to Kokomo when we want frozen yogurt. The atmosphere is fun, with a modern vibe and the frozen yogurt is pretty good. While I usually have to taste all the flavors they have (gotta weigh my options!), I tend to only find a few that are above average and worth making it into my cup. They also have the typical toppings you'd expect. Prices are consistent with other local frozen yogurt places.
5	The only thing bad about this place is that they're closed after 10. Love love love this yogurt! They rotate flavors so your tastebuds never get bored, an overwhelming selection of fruit and candy toppings are laid out before you...and the ambiance is so fun and happy, just like the owners! Froyo should be fun!
4	Great yogurt and toppings are always clean and fresh!
5	This fro-yo was amazing!!
4	I've been going to Kokomo for about 3 full punch-cards now.. I'm a light frequentor.  Yes, they have a nice selection of froyo flavors that change from time to time (though not THAT often) and they always seem to offer at least a few dairy free yogurts (not that I personally care, but you'll notice some don't care non-dairy options).Their selection for toppings is pretty sweet - I really appreciate the variety of fruits and natural options (ie. coconut shreds, almonds, pecans, berries, kiwis, mango, etc).When I was doing serious calorie couting for a while (yeah, crazy, I know!) I would always ask for their nutrition book (the gal was always very nice and kind to give it to me while I froyo browsed) and would figure out which one was going to cost me the fewest calories for the greatest enjoyment :)  Good thing fruits were basically calorie-free!  No, but seriously, if you're watching your figure, don't be ashamed to ask for the nutrition book.. you'll be delighted to see that a lot of their options are around the 100cal range for 4oz.. and 4oz is actually pretty substantial (another plus is because you pay by the ounce, I would weigh my filled cup before my toppings were applied so I could eyeball 4 oz and THEN I'd load on the fruits!)... nice, eh?Their staff has always been friendly and never rude or stingey with sample cups.. cuz I always sampled like hell!
3	It's kinda healthy (right?) - assuming you don't serve up 16+ oz and top it with every condiment under the sun.Nice change from DQ or Gelato but they don't have as much of a selection and the price is a bit extreme for frozen yogurt.But it's a nice clean place with good product and who doesn't like to indulge now and then?
4	another pay per ounce yogurt shop. Their options don't have much variety but the few flavors they have out daily are quite impressive in taste. Sample cups are located near the registers which customers are free to take on their own. You start from the back of the store, work your way through the yogurts, then onto the toppings station and then mmmm mmm mmm youve got yourself a fresh, healthy? treat. There is this one worker there who likes to keep the toppings really organized. She makes sure nothing is where it doesn't belong and tidies the area up after each person. Made me feel like I was doing something I wasn't supposed to. wanted to throw a strawberry into the mango carton but didn't haha cute interior, seating indoor and out. Free water near entrance.
3	Not too bad. Selection of cake batter, vanilla, and chocolate are all good. Pretty good selection of toppings. Make sure you ask for mochi! The interior is splendid with lots of interesting people. Some Indian mom asked me how per hour do I charge ( I was wearing a rent by the hour shirt)...still awkward....
5	The best!  I love this place.  It's always clean, the people who work there are super friendly and most importantly, their yogurt and toppings are fantastic.  I LOVE when they have the Dole pineapple flavor.  It's the same exact frozen yogurt I got when I went to Honolulu to the Dole Pineapple Plant.  I just put some fresh pineapple on it and...yum!
4	The raspberry pomegranate was my favorite of the 3 I tried. Clean and friendly atmosphere otherwise.
5	I live in LA where these shops are on every corner.  I can say without a doubt, this is the best FroYo I've had!On top of that, the store staff is super-friendly and the place is immaculately clean.  They are also serving gelato, pastries and fresh coffee/espresso.  Check it out!
5	This is the best yogurt place in the valley.  The owers are very nice and keep the place very clean.  It,is hard to find fresh fruit toppings but I don't have to worry about it at Kokomo's.  Thank you guys for an awesome place for my wife and I.
5	Oh, sweet sweet Fro-Yo perfection.This stuff is healthy, right?  :\I love Kokomo.  I really do.A little pricier than I would want to pay but ehh... it's Chandler & people are willing to spend that.  The decor is fun!  Really modern.  It looks like the future!  There is definitely not enough seating... this place gets packed on weeknights during the summer.Not an overwhelming selection of froyo but definitely a lot of fun toppings... plenty of fruit options & candy options.  My personal favorite... cheesecake chunks, strawberry & extra graham cracker with cheesecake froyo.  UGHH... heaven.They're serving up random pastries & chocolates & gelato.  Whattt?  Looks good but when I'm craving froyo, that's usually what I stick with.  Maybe I'll give the pastries a chance someday...
5	Hands down my favorite Froyo place. My kids love, it, my wife loves it too! It's in our neighborhood and offers quality Froyo!The price is right for the quality. The staff is always friendly, and even after a few times remembers who you are. They recently expanded to have Gelato and some other things, in my personal opinion shouldn't have because the Froyo was awesome. This is the best place around, wouldn't drive anywhere else!
5	Offers great flavors and toppings.  Nice atmosphere and very CLEAN!  We enjoy our trips to Kokomo!
5	Lots of choices and delicious! Even better now that they expanded and added more products.
5	Love this place!  Definitely our first choice when it comes to choosing among the many froyo places that are popping up all over the place!  Great service and delicious treats!
5	Great place to get an amazing frozen yogurt ! You can make all you want, flavours change every week. Place very clean.  Staff is absolutely friendly, it's always a nice time when you go there.
5	My  husband and I live just up the street from Kokomo Frozen Yogurt and we eat yogurt here several times a month. The service is always kind, helpful and courteous. The shop is consistently clean and well maintained. There aren't a whole lot of yogurt flavors, but there is enough rotation of flavors and so many topping choices it keeps things interesting. Kokomo also offers gelato, pastries, bottled cold drinks and fresh-brewed coffee. A stamp card program allows you a free frozen yogurt for every 10 you buy.We have gone to other yogurt shops in the East  and West Valley and very few of them measure up to Kokomo in quality, cleanliness and service. Because of this, it's worth it to us to wait until we get back to our neighborhood and get our yogurt at Kokomo.
5	So goodSo freeaking goodSooooooooooooooooo goodMy wife hates my love for KokomoThe young ladies working are always so friendly and nice. They keep that place very clean.
3	This place is clean and has a nice staff. They have a pretty decent selection of toppings but the yogurt flavors are pretty poor.
5	Love, love, love this place!!! Delicious, decent price. Clean environment.  Fun place to go on date night or a special treat for the kids. If you get a chance, meet the owners. They truly appreciate their customers which is so nice. I saw them at Costco once and they went out of their way to say 'hi' to me. What a great small business. I will continue to support them because they deserve my business. TIP - This place gets busy so if you see a table getting ready to vacate, grab it!
4	Great place to grab frozen yogurt in Chandler! The staff was very welcoming and the toppings were fresh- plus they have a Ghirardelli chocolate flavor. Only downside? They only have about 6 flavors of frozen yogurt to choose from.
5	Awesome place, super friendly staff and best selection of toppings. If you've got a craving for ice cream, this is the place to visit.
4	This is good tasting yogurt, no doubt, but it also is pretty minimal compared to its rivals.  I guess you could make the quality over quantity argument,  but I like having a lot of options.  In addition to yogurt, they also sell baked goods (cupcakes, carrot cakes, brownies).  While the baked goods looked divine, I would have preferred an expanded toppings bar.  Homemade cupcake on the side of my ice cream?  Nah.Homemade cupcake INSIDE my ice cream?  Now that is the kind of thing that you dream about and wake up next to a pile of drool.My first time experiencing self-serve froyo was many years ago, in San Diego, while pregnant. I remember practically lifting my jaw off the ground because I could not believe the wonderfulness of so many flavors and so many toppings all just at the tip of my fingers.  And all though the yogurt was very tasty, I didn't get that thrill from just six flavors (including chocolate, plain and strawberry).  The cakebatter sounds delightful, but they didn't have that today - graham cracker was as exciting as it came.Same with the toppings - there were not even any sprinkles!  And, don't get me wrong, I love crushed chocolate bars and fresh strawberries as much as the next person, but I did miss having an array of colors and an almost overwhelming topping selection.  I do need to tip my hat though to the "boba balls," which were basically little balls of fruit that burst in your mouth as you ate them.  As covered by everyone else, the store was thoughtfully clean. Fresh water was also offered.  And, if you are like me and get a huge ice cream to share with two little kids, the three different colored spoons (pink, blue and  yellow) available at the register are a fun little perk.  You are probably not like me though --- however, a pink spoon is always worth a mention.
5	Very good product. It was packed when I went in and I can see why. It has a limited selection of yogurt but the selection encompasses the popular flavors. The topping selection is great. The staff is friendly, up beat and they keep the store clean. It's worth the trip if you enjoy yogurt.
5	Thankful they always have plain tart yogurt! They carry a huge variety of toppings and keep the area around the immaculate.
5	This yogurt shop is hands down one of the best. family owned, clean, and the flavors are constantly changing. I highly recommend.
3	Before I go into my review I want to let everyone know that I base my opinion on frozen yogurt businesses solely around peanut butter options and how tasty those options are...This business doesn't offer anything peanut butter. After reading all of the great reviews I was quit saddened to find they don't offer any options that are the sole reasons why I treat myself to self serve. This is the first frozen yogurt place I have gone to that has gelato! I thought that was pretty cool and a nice twist. I love options!
4	It doesn't get any better than Kokomo.  We have tried every competitor in the area and nothing tops this place.  The Raspberry Pomegranite is my fave - refreshing and light. Clean and very friendly staff.
