5	I can't believe I am the first to rate this restaurant.  I ate here in October 1997.  I'm still thinking about that meal 12 years later.  The lobster in vanilla and the dessert plate, with its ten or so tiny desserts, each a different pearl or diamond, stick in my mind as the single best meal ever eaten in four decades of dining out.  Paris on the cheap.  If you are in Montreal, not to be missed. Gerard Fort, the chef (who is, I think, the same chef from 1997), grew up and trained in France. He's the real deal.
3	Went for an 8pm dinner with some friend after watch Alegria.  Everything started off well enough, the food was good and service was fine. after the appetizer for  the Table d'hote, we didn't see our waiter again at our table until we had to flag him down at the end of the night.  In his place was what seemed to be the bus boy or something.  This guy did not replace the steak knife that he had removed with the appetizer, he did not refill water until dessert, he took forever to take our dessert order, he didn't bring sugar/cream with the coffee or tea and took forever to get us our bill.  Overall, we spent close to 3 hours for dinner when it should have taken only 2.  I was not pleased with this as we still had to drive back to Ottawa and work the next morning.The food was definitely worth it, but the service was severely lack from what I thought was a nice establishment
5	This is my first 5-star review of a restaurant, but it's well deserved.  My wife and I planned to be in town.  So I did some research in advance to decide which 2 places we were going to try.  We picked Bonaparte and Europea, which I just reviewed.  The reservation was easily made online, and it was for a Friday evening sitting.  Remarkably, the place was not full.  But perhaps that was because Canadians were celebrating Canada Day the day before and extending into the weekend.We were placed by a window looking out onto the street.  It was a great spot.  The staff were also very attentive, which always goes a long way with me.To start, I had the duck foie gras creme brulee, which I completely devoured and cleaned my ramekin using morsels of bread.  Despite it being duck foie gras, it still tasted great and I enjoyed every bit.  My wife had the lobster salad, which also tasted great.  The lobster was cooked to perfection.For the entrees, I had the lobster stew which I admittedly also devoured completely.  Perhaps I was hungrier than usual that evening, but the lobster was again cooked to perfection.  There was also a lot of lobster.  But my favorite part was the sauce that had the vanilla and muscat wine.  Like the creme brulee, I used morsels of bread to clean the plate.My wife had the sauteed scallops with truffle oil and mushrooms.  My couple of bites of the dish had me wanting more.Overall, this was a fantastic place to try and I'm glad we did.  Similar to my comment in my review of Europea, we skipped the prix fixe menus in order to try some of the dishes that we absolutely wanted.
5	Traditional French with out the chip on the shoulder.  Wild game, beautiful presentation.  Wonderful!
5	This restaurant was recommended by the concierge at my hotel.Had the 30.95 prie fixe menu and I must say this is the best deal in town for what you get.This was a 3 coarse meal, included coffee.And then I added wine by the glass.The food was amazing.  For the appetizer I had the rabbit tarte, entree was the trout, and dessert was the chocolate moose.The sauces were amazing.I will be back to try one of the larger prie fixe menus.
5	In the middle of Old Montreal, this place has wonderful French food. I had a 7-course meal (from what I remember) and each dish was delicious. Dishes were plated really nicely. Each dish did not contain huge portions, but was perfect to be able to taste everything and yet be very filling. A bit on the expensive side ($70) but the small quiet place with excellent service made it a worthwhile eat.
5	Before I went to Montreal with friends, I did some research on the restaurants there and Bonaparte came up as one of the top choices. After having our dinner there, i can see why that is the case. The food there was amazing. All four of us ordered the Table d'Hote, as this perhaps is the most value-for-money choices in any Monteal restaurants. For only 30.95 dollars, the food and service beats the so-called Restaurant Week menus to dirt. I had venison terrine as an appetizer. They were very well seasoned and richly flavored. I had steak for my entree, it was quite nicely done. Although I have had better ones, I have also paid twice more for the steak. For this price, it's unbeatable. Will definitely recommend it to my friends if they  are going to visit Montreal!
5	One of the nicer dining experiences of my life.  The food is excellent, the decor (and location) is unbeatable, and my waiter was both knowledgeable and an absolute gentleman.I think locals will tell you this place is, um, touristy, and there is better French cuisine elsewhere in the city (probably true), but I think it's impossible to leave this place feeling disappointed.  To me, that's worthy of five stars.
5	I was in Montreal for my birthday and we went to dinner to celebrate at this french restaurant. The foie gras creme brulee was amazing. I am from france and I was baffled. Duck confit and filet mignon were really good too. The one complain I have would be the sides - In my world, duck confit always goes with sauteed potatoes and steamed veggies just won't cut it. Still 5 stars for my foie gras creme brulee hands down!
3	we had the foie gras brulee, terrine, duck leg, lobster stew and the veal cutlet.  our desserts were the creme brulee and chocolate souffle.it was quite busy for a monday night...so, the service was a bit slow and unattentive.the foie gras brulee was more brulee than foie. couldnt really taste the foie since it was too close to the creaminess of the custard.  The terrine was ok.Lobster stew is very good...the presentation and the sauce.  I would recommend it. Duck leg was a bit over cooked and dry on the edges. My veal was also overcooked from medium rare...no pinkish center at all. But fortunately, the quality of the meat was good, so it was tender still....but i would have prefered it a bit rarer.dessert was very good.souffle was big! i dont know how they got it to be so fluffly and perfect! it was injected with yummy chocolate which worked wonderfully. It was unusualy airey but not cakey.....and the ramekin was lined with sugar which gave it a nice sweet bite. im very happy with this order. The creme brulee was very light with a nice crisp carmelize crust. above average.
4	Any place as nice as this that offers a three course pre fixe menu for $31 deserves 4 stars! Especially if they serve you the bison steak in that red wine sauce....Mmmmmm That steak alone would make me want to come back to place. It was so tender and juicy and just paired so so well with that red wine sauce. And it was perfectly cooked to the medium rare that I like too! And it is a good thing that the steak was so incredible, because the seafood linguini I got as my first dish was just okay. It was supposed to be in this saffron sauce but I think they must have forgotten the saffron, because it didn't taste like much and that is such a strong flavor normally! But at least the seafood itself in the pasta was pretty tasty. And the chocolate mouse....Wow. I love chocolate. I am close to being an addict I think since whenever I see a dessert menu anything with the word chocolate in it directly grasps my visual attention, so I couldn't pass up this option either! And I am really glad that I didn't! It was so light and rich at the same time and with that mint leaf it was the perfect way to end my meal!The wine here is pricey though...But Montreal in general is pricey, so just be prepared to throw down a bit of money if you come here, but I promise the food is really good! Everyone else in our party loved their food as well! So bring money and don't be in a rush, since they also took a little bit of time getting to our food order heh
3	Tried it, and moving on..::Pros::Restaurant Bonaparte is a excellent date restaurant.Nice ambiance with the fancy waiter get upGood Service.Decent price for the dishesxx-CONS-xxI ordered the Peppercorn, Filet Mignon w/ a Cognac sauce. The meat was "soft", and that is about it. The peppercorn gave it the mild kick, but the cognac sauce didn't do much but sit there looking brown...Some of my buddies got the 6 - 8 course meals. Each of the dishes looked tasty (duck foie creme brulee,  snails, duck breast, and such).. At the end they all looked unsatisfied with the meal. It is a nice spot, but the food is mediocre to say the best.
3	Looked like a nice place, but overall I'd rate this more of a tourist spot.  I noticed many of the clients were not locals but Americans like us.  The service was pretty good but the food was ok at best.  I tried the 7 course menu and the dishes were hit or miss.  The prices aren't bad which helped make the situation a bit better.  I'm glad they were able to take in a group of 16 people which was nice.
4	"Restaurant" isn't the first word you think of when you see "Bonaparte". You probably think "Napoleon" like I do, the French Revolution military leader we all learned about in 7th grade History class. However, due to the ratings on Yelp, I decided to give it a try with my Account Executive for dinner on a Thursday evening (9PM res) while in one of my favorite cities in North America to travel to. It was also closely located to the Le Westin Montreal (my GO TO hotel every time I'm in Montreal) giving it an edge over the other locations I was contemplating (within a quick 4 minute walk of the Westin). We saw their multitude of menus but quickly settled on the $32.95CAD "TABLE D'HOTE" prixe fixe that had a very large selection of items which were spread across 3 courses + coffee/tea would make almost all diners happy for a relatively low price. Here's how it went down:+ Venison terrine with cranberries and herbs. It was quite good, very meatloafy in consistency which is what most terrines should be. It was quite meaty, herby, perfectly salted and great to be spread on some carbs like WE did.+ Lamb Rack with brussel sprouts and onions. It was very juicy, done perfectly medium-rare and lollipop style/Frenched as it should be. After all, you ARE in a French restaurant right?+ Buffalo Flank with green peppercorn. My AE had ordered this and it was "pretty good" according to him. I had a piece of it and it was definitely good. Not the best buffalo flank I've had but not the worst either. + Cheese Plate. We had a goat's cheese, a sheep's milk and a cow cheese that were equally yummy. The firm sheep's milk cheese was quite yummy and creamy while the others were very good too. They paired quite well with our Cab Sav that we had.+ Chocolate Mousse. One of the best chocolate mousses I've ever had...it was done to perfectly, firm yet creamy, consistent and damn smooth. Probably one of the best items of the evening.Overall? It was a very good experience...it was definitely quite busy and filled with Americans (tourists like me) and the service was fine and efficient. I will definitely return, however there are many other Frenchy spots in Montreal that I'd love to try.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
3	So many options.  In addition to the a la carte option, there are also 3 different price fix options.  3 course ($33), 5 course ($52), and 6 course ($68).   The whole party does not need to choose the same thing so 2 of us did the 3 course and the other 2 did the 5 course.The 5 course.  I started off with the vegetable soup which looked more like split pea soup?  It was very refreshing, tasty, w/o being too salty or creamy. Next up was shrimp ravioli which was pretty tasty and definitely unique in flavor.  After that was a palate cleanser (pear sorbet?).  Then the filet mignon which I thought was super delicious.  It was cooked perfectly to my liking and the sauce was just right.. not too overpowering.  Dessert was a trio of cakes and a mini creme brulee.Overall, I enjoyed my meal.  It wasn't the best french food I've ever had but I certainly wasn't disappointed either?  That being said, with the many food options in Montreal I probably wouldn't return.
5	Bonaparte was an very nice. A nice restaurant on a small street in Montreal and just a few blocks away from Notre Dame. I wouldn't say the food is the greatest but was very tastefully handled. My husband and I ordered their Seasonal Tasting Menu. Not too overwelhming with food. Good portions. Not too heavy. Very delightful. The service was very nice. The waiter was very nice and patient with us and he spoke fluent english (with a french accent though). I would definately recommend anyone who wants a simple but well executed dinner in a friendly atmosphere, then this is a good choice.
1	Friends, if you are ever in the old city section of Montreal, avoid the Restaurant Bonaparte.  From the outside the Restaurant looked good as did the menu.  We arrived after having driven 10 hours from Philadelphia and wanted a lovely meal.  We did not have reservations, but a very pretentious waiter made a judgement about us.  Despite a good supply of unoccupied tables, this waiter took us to an out of sight table at the very back of the restaurant.  We asked for another table, and the same gentleman took is to another room--also out of sight in the gloomy back of the restaurant.  We decided to give it a pass.After having experienced a wonderful meal at a nearby establishment we walked by Restaurant Bonaparte and noticed that none of those front tables seemed to have been occupied by patrons.  Pretension and an insulting attitude is no way to people who truly appreciate food.  From reading other reviews, I gather that we didn't miss too much. If you are in the area, you, too, should miss Restaurant Bonaparte
4	with reservations we were immediately ushered to a window seat overlooking the quaint street, best seat in the house, IMO. service was impeccable; dim lighting, exotic flower floating in a votive, quite chit-chat makes this an A+ date spot if you're looking to impress someone or celebrating a special occasion. we had the 5-course, autumn menu tasting & it was very good; I'd have enjoyed 1 or 2  more main-dish options (i struggled w/ my selection b/c i wasn't thrilled with anything), that said, everything was very good. we were there for 2+ hours, not that they were slow, it was just a very relaxed pace & we enjoyed a bottle of wine. We had a lovely time!
5	My husband and I don't go out for fancy meals often. Maybe once or twice a year. This was worth every penny!We came to Montreal (and Nova Scotia) for our honeymoon and needed a nice place for dinner before a show. On a recommendation from the concierge at out hotel, we chose Restaurant Bonaparte. We made a reservation, even though I'm pretty sure we were the first ones in the door for dinner service. Oh em gee- one of the best meals EVER. I started with the lobster salad (still thinking about it. A SALAD.), we had french bread, a bottle of wine. To drive the point home about the salad, it was a bit of lettuce and some shredded veggies with huge chunks of lobster meat and a hazlenut vinagrette. Seriously, I can still taste it if I close my eyes...For an entree, I had the Scallop Delight- scallops in truffle oil, and Gordon enjoyed the Dover Sole in pine nuts and butter. Delish. Creme brulee and Creme caramel for dessert. We were seated in the window which was a great spot to be in Old Montreal. The service was top notch and the waiter helped me choose a nice wine.A great meal and a highlight of our trip.
4	This place deserves 3.5 stars (and since my sig other is reading over my shoulder and he wants to give it 4, I'm giving it 4).  I want to give it 3 because after having dinner the night before at Europea, I was less impressed with this place.  We were here for NYE 2011.  There was a 7-course prix-fixe menu for $96.  The atmosphere was a bit stuffy and the service a bit slow (they were clearly overwhelmed- the entire restaurant was packed at 9:30pm when we came in for our reservation).  The 7 courses started out fantastic and sort of declined as the night went on.  They could've gotten away with serving us about 1/2 to 3/4 of the amount of food per plate than they did.  The 4-6 oz. of veal for the 6th course was just too much (and reminded me of very fancy wedding food- you know that kind that comes out with basic sides and feels like it's been in the oven/warmer waiting for you?).  They did give us all glasses of bubbly to greet the new year and the warmth from all the staff was really lovely.  I may go here again for a small dinner, but I will survey the other Montreal eateries first.  It was a comfortable and delicious was to ring in the new year, I just wasn't overly impressed.
5	I went here about six months ago with a friend when he visited.  We didn't have a restaurant to eat at so we asked the people at the casino and they said try Bonaparte. I am so glade we did.   The service was great as the server perfectly paired the wines with our courses. Onto the food, my friend and I loved every course. My favorite course had to be the foie gras creme burlee with brioche and apples it had to be my favorite foie gras preparation I have had.  Another interesting note is the kitchen doors use sensors to open kind of like a grocery store door. It was really neat.When I return to Montreal I will deff stop and eat here! One of my top 5 places I have eaten at.
5	Tres tres bon restaurant dans le Vieux Montreal. Service tres profesionnel. Decor tres agreable. Menu degustation de 5 et 7 services super bon qualite/prix. Tout ce que j'ai manger etait vraiment bon. Le meilleur filet mignon que j'ai manger a Montreal. Attention particuliere pour les desserts incroyables.. Je retournerai definitivement dans un avenir raproche.
4	Fantastic, romantic ambiance. Attentive service. Wonderful food. Bonaparte was a great choice for a date with my husband.
4	Excellent food. Never feel rushed. Service was always there for anything you needed.
5	I was here last weekend with a group of 6 women (bachelorette party) for a fancy night out.  We all ordered off of the 5 course pre fixe menu and it was fantastic.  The food was great, the service was outstanding... all around a wonderful experience.  The pre fixe menu was $46 a person I think.  There was another pre fixe menu slightly less and one a bit more.  I had the soup du jour (red vegetable puree), goat cheese tartin, pear sorbet in prosecco as a palate cleanser, filet mignon and then a chef's sampling of desserts.  It was all fantastic.  Friends also tried the lobster bisque, smoked salmon, duck, seafood pasta... can't remember what else.  No one had anything negative to say.  It's also located in a very charming part of town, close to Notre Dame and art galleries.  Would highly recommend.
5	The food is excellent. They have a pre fix menu which is the best choice. Every time I have been here the service, food and ambiance has been outstanding. Not a place for kids and when I am in Montreal with my kids my only regret is not being able to dine here. Everything is cooked to perfection and the food melts in your mouth. A little on the expensive side but worth every dollar.
5	When I walked in every staff member that walked by was very welcoming. I wa offered a choice of seating in the quieter area or the main room. The decor in both  was lovely.  I can't count how many staff members came over to help and make sure everything was okay. They were all friendly and warm. For a starter I has a mixed salad which was a good size and simple yet tasty. I was saving room for my main, chicken with a Brie and sage sauce. Words cannot describe how good this was. The chicken was very tender and came with the freshest carrots as well as yellow zucchini and potatoes. The portion size was good as well.  I had the viognier which was just average, but the food was so good I didn't mind.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	I have been to Restaurant Bonaparte several times, but as I am new to Yelp I am now writing a review of this, one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal, for the first time. My recent visit was on July 17th, when a small group of 9 of us went there to celebrate a birthday.  In fact, all of us had been there before, most often to celebrate the birthday of the same person we were celebrating this time. We were not looking for surprises, just for good food and a lovely evening, and we were not disappointed.I have given the Bonaparte five stars because everybody in our party was very happy with their meals and with the wine.  However, I do hesitate about the five stars for one reason: this menu has almost nothing for vegetarians.  There are just a few choices among the starters that have no meat, and nothing is appropriate for vegans. I ordered their salad of mixed greens despite the grated parmesan on it, and it was excellent.  For my main dish I had a dinner-sized portion of their one vegetarian appetizer, the mushroom ravioli. They also gave me some vegetables with it to make it into a main dish.  This is in fact what I have every time I go to the Bonaparte, and knowing that it is the only thing on the menu for me does not stop me from going back.  It is delicious.  Most of the rest of the people in my party had the rack of lamb, again knowing in advance from past experience that they would like it (we must not be an adventurous lot).The other thing I look forward to when I go to the Bonaparte is their lime meringue pie.  I order it right away because I do not want to take any chances that there be none left when I am ready for dessert, although they always assure me that they will not run out.  Most of the rest of our party also indulged in the lime pie.  Yum!The atmosphere at the Bonaparte is very pleasant, the waiters are attentive, and the noise level is about average.  Some little corners or nooks in the restaurant are especially pleasant for a party of two or three.  Now, if they would just add some vegetarian options to their menu, they would be perfect!
5	This place was exceptional. I went here celebrating my honey's birthday and it was the exact right place. The ambiance is very classy and confident without being stuffy. We did the 7 course tasting menu which was delicious and for only $68 a person total. Maybe I'm used to NYC prices too much, but it seemed entirely reasonable for a romantic French restaurant's nicest possible option. I had the escargot (yes, snails --- but yes, delicious!) filet migon, and they brought a mini array of desserts. Also, we had our hotel make our reservations, and told them about the birthday. They reserved the nicest table on a raised platform over a window, secluded from the restaurant with a nice view of the little street in Old Montreal. Perfect evening, delicious food, excellent service.
5	Went in to celebrate a special occasion and had an amazing experience. Our water was attentive without being obtrusive. I'm not really a wine drinker, and I anticipated static for just having water with our meals, but that went over wonderfully.We had the Menu Estival, and it was really great. It an added plus that it didn't really break the bank either. The next time I find myself in Montreal, I'll be finding myself in Restaurant Bonaparte as well.
4	I realistically rate this a 3.5 but I went to Restaurant Bonaparte with the SO on a Saturday night. Initially, we had a reservation at 6 PM but had a MUCH too full lunch so we ended up pushing our dinner way later at 10 PM. Even at 9:30, there was a half hour wait for dinner. Man, we knew this place would be good. The ambiance is definitely romantic and the dim lighting sets the mood for a good night on the town. The service was so-so. Our waiter was quite busy and didn't attend to us too much but that was okay. I ordered the Escargot in a puff pastry while the SO got onion soup. The escargot was pretty good and the fact that it was in a puff pastry and no tin the typical trays for escargot was a little sad for me but it definitely screamed snail for me. The onion soup was oniony. Not the two best highlights for me that night. However, when I got duck confit, it was absolute heaven. I never had duck that was so soft with a skin that was borderline crunchy and too tough (depending on what you like). I loved that duck along with the sauce that the duck was cooked in. It was also quite juicy and delicious as well! However, my SO's salmon was not the best and the portion size he got was smaller than we had thought. However, that makes sense since it is a French restaurant so meat is king. After the appetizer and entree, we were totally stuffed to the brim. NO MORE, NO MORE, we were screaming. I would probably not go back again unless we were going to get the prix fixe menus.
4	This is a cute little place attached to a hotel. It's in old town and on a cobblestone street. The service was superb - our waitress was very nice and very helpful. The food was also excellent - I tried their fish. The salad before the main course was slightly strange...apparently in Montreal (or all of Canada?) they have this oil-based dressing that they call "house" dressing everywhere and by the time I had this salad, I'd already had 3 at other places and I was honestly tired of the same dressing. But, overall the food was wonderful and the chocolate mousse (of course!) was my favorite! Amazing time!
5	The type of classic French restaurant that's largely disappeared from the DC area.  Our table afforded a view of an Old Montreal cobblestone street. The interior is OK but come for the food and service.Service was superb - warm, gracious, attentive, informed, enthused in a low-key manner, but never intrusive.We started with a vegetable soup and a mushroom ravioli.  After so many ravioli where you're not quite sure what the filling is, here were half a dozen exquisite ravioli with a distinct mushroom taste.Seconds: perfect duck confit and scallops, both served with mushroom fricassee on beautifully arranged plates. To conclude, a very nice Armagnac.We ended the meal feeling that we ate very well and were served very well.
4	Charming restaurant with an European feel. The general mood of the place - its dim light, pictures and wood panels / rich colored decor - is relaxed and has a certain timelessness about it. Don't expect very fast service. You're here for an un-rushed time.   Take your time to order your food... and it'll be many moments before your food arrives; many moments between courses. But who's keeping time?Service staff are pleasant. It's a weekday night but the place is full so they are constantly on the move. Still, they are composed and unruffled. The menu has a good selection of dishes. I had the lobster bisque and lobster as main course. Excellent choices! Overall a lovely evening!
4	On my vacation in Montreal I wanted to try a classic French restaurant. The hotel recommended Bonaparte and made the reservations.The decor is classical and pleasant.The service was warm and attentive.We had the tasting menu and I was pleased that it was priced under $100 per person. I was not amazed or blown away by the food but everything was good. I would go back as it's reasonably priced, the food was good and the service was excellent.
4	Great choice for a French restaurant in the old town - was recommended to us and did not disappoint.Service was top notch - great wine recommendations as well as appetizer choices.We started off with the French Onion Soup and Mushroom Ravioli.  The soup tasted very fresh with loads of onions.  The hit was the Ravioli - the pasta was extremely delicate and the mushroom flavor was awesome.....great combination!For dinner - we ordered the Seafood Linguine with a Lobster Creme Sauce (very nice lobster sauce with large shrimp and chunks of salmon and white fish) and Filet (cooked perfectly and extremely tender).For desert - blueberry cheesecake which was a great way to close out the meal.Very enjoyable evening with the meal not rushed at all.
5	There's no breakfast menu posted outside but we stopped here anyway. Really excellent food, they really spent time with care and presentation of the food although I guess less portion wise. I was still full by the end of the meal as you get many items in small quantity. The fruit salad was so yummy and cut into really small pieces. We sat at a window over looking the street, really nice ambiance.
1	This place was probably very good at some point. So good in fact that it went to their heads and its been downhill ever since. I've eaten at some rather fantastic French restaurants in Paris, Lyon, Beaune and throughout the South of France in my life, not to mention restaurants in many of the other great cities of the world. None of them had the arrogance in their manner of service and treatment of clients that this place had. I've seen it a few times before to a lesser degree at those pretend French restaurants (the type where the waiters speak with a French accent, but actually can't speak French -- happened to me in Beverly Hills, California) where they try to bluff their way through, and on rare occasion at restaurants that had once been great and had lost it and were left simply to trade on their former reputation. I noticed it the first time we tried to eat at Bonaparte and they sent us away because the kitchen had just closed. Its not that I don't understand the kitchen being closed and thus the inability for them to serve us, but rather it's the manner in which it was done. I noticed it the second time on the amazed face of our concierge when she tried to make a dinner reservation. She was astonished at how they treated her, the concierge of one of Old Montreal's top hotels. And we experienced it in such full force when we arrived for dinner that we had to leave, never having ordered. It was just such an unwelcoming dismissive arrogance that comes from the restaurant staff thinking the customer is not a customer but a mark who should count himself lucky to be in their presence, totally forgetting that actually they are there to welcome, serve, and make us, the customer, feel special. The crowning moment was when the waitress told us how we should not speak French because if we did she would then answer in French and we of course could not understand French. Quelle surprise, given that my family is French and I speak fluent French having lived and gone to school in France, and my wife speaks more than passable French. It just blew us away and was the final straw that popped the bubble of high hopes for dinner at Bonaparte. The sad truth is the motto of this restaurant has become "Bonaparte, where the customer is always wrong."
1	Fancy but boring food. Nothing innovative or new. I ordered the filet minon and asked for medium rare and they served me a well done gray piece of meat. The server offered to take it back, but then my wife's food would have gotten cold while I was waiting for a new plate. For $40 piece of meat, I expect it to be cooked properly the first time. Way over priced when there are such better restaurants in Old Montreal for much less.
2	We were visiting Montreal over the weekend and decided to visit this restaurant. I read the reviews prior, the good and the bad, but decided to try it anyway. Unfortunately we were really disappointed with this place. We expected to try great French food but except for the French onion soup there was nothing that we were thrilled with at all. The $65/pp dinner option is not worth the money at all. The waiters were so so, the atmosphere also nothing special. Would not visit again.
3	First off, based on other reviews it's possible we had a unique experience at Bonaparte, or just that our server simply did not like us.  It was Christmas Eve and maybe the place was more busy than usual, but everyone included the manager and host seemed to be running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  That made it a bit difficult to relax and enjoy the ambiance in this beautifully decorated restaurant in the heart of Old Montreal.The goat cheese, ravioli and escargot appetizers were amazing, as was the Onion soup (not too filling!).  The bread was excellent and they kept it coming.  But the service aside from that was continually disappointing. He did not take our drink orders before attempting to get our food orders. He was reluctant to answer questions and seemed distracted and irritated, often not making eye contact and watching other tables while speaking to us. He also walked away before we finished ordering and seemed angry with us when we grabbed him to complete our order! This gentlemen didn't just seem to be busy but rather just seemed to be an unpleasant person. Given the expense of our final bill ($275!) I would expect to be treated at least as nicely as I had been in the basic irish pub we dined in the night before.
4	I have to admit that the reason we stopped in Bonaparte was because the other places we tried beforehand all told us they were reserved for the night.  Bonaparte told us the same, but they had space for us to sit at the bar.The bartender was friendly; I ordered a glass of wine while my coworkers had some beer.  After that I was in for a long wait for my dinner since my coworkers decided to order 5 course meals where I was only interested in an entree.  Each of their appetizers looked amazing but the bread while I waited was tasty.  I ordered the lamb and ratatouille which was absolutely amazing.  Both of my coworkers ordered the same and we all loved it.Overall I'm giving them four stars because the price was a little high, though that is understandable given the location and the atmosphere.  I was also a little unsatisfied with the service.  I had asked for a glass of wine when my dinner came out but the bartender forgot.  When he asked if I still wanted it I said yes but he still didn't bring it.  The food quality here was excellent though.  I would likely come back, but there are so many good restaurants in old Montreal that I would probably try a few others before returning.
5	One look at the menu was all we needed to give Bonaparte a try. We didn't look at Yelp before going, rather we trusted a couple walking past on the sidewalk who told us they had been in town for 1 week and had already eaten at Bonaparte twice. Sounded like a ringing endorsement.I expected excellent service and got it. I expected delicious food and got that too. What I did not expect -- and was pleasantly surprised by -- was the satisfactory portion sizes. We did not leave hungry.  The soup, the duck, the foie gras, and the deserts were all delicious.I don't know when I'll be back in Montreal, but the Bonaparte will certainly be on my itinerary when I am.
4	Good cuisine give me a chance for new experience!There is a saying that a good meal may give one a chance to taste her past and welcome the future. I chose this French restaurant to finish my "past and future" thinking, they did a pretty good job with the food and service and I really have a good time.But I think people may agree that one will become more sensitive when she is asked about was she eating alone when she is exactly eating alone; and more sensitive when she is asked about "is that price ok with you" after she totally read and understood what was the menu trying to told the customers. A better service may be giving a proper silence on certain issues.
4	Decor: nice and cozy. A bit dark with a beautiful flower on the table. I would not classify the place as casual and was happy I wore a dress to go there. The restaurant is decorated in a Classic French style and we got lucky to get a spot by a window facing a small stone paved street.Service: people working there take their jobs seriously. They were all men, all dressed to impress and ALL good looking. My boyfriend made a comment to me after a few waiters stopped by asking: "are they all models here?"Food: the food was good. I must say that we got spoiled on our first night in Montreal because we dined in one of the top restaurants which was hard to match after.  The food here provided classic options that were well executed and presented. The soup was great and I liked the take on the smoked salmon. I was especially a fan of the  seafood main course. We had a big selection of courses from a pre-fix menu in a classy atmosphere and at a fair value. Can't beat that...
4	The duck was great!!! The soufle amazing, the lobster bisque wasnt my thing. The service and ambiance bring this to a five. The food down to a four. The tuna steak was hearty. My wife enjoyed it. The vanilla shrimp and scallops was really impressive and tasty. For the price id expect the food to be far more amazing.
2	We stopped by and though we have not had a reservation a friendly maitre, promptly seated us. The food is truly delicious. Incredible cocktails, fresh bread and most importantly the dishes, executed impeccably. Our duck was delicious. Scallops though only 3 of them on the plate, were really good. The soup , the salad tasted fresh, prepared and presented really nice. Dessert and foie gras reminded us that we are indeed in Montreal.The service on the other hand was a total disaster. Our waitress did not bother to explain menu to us at all. After she took our orders, she disappeared completely. Even though my wife mentioned that we would like some wine with our main courses, she did not even bothered for once to stop by and ask if we like our food or if we need anything. She was running around like maniac without stopping. I guess she just did not like us. This restaurant serves souffles. Is does require 18 minutes of wait and in our humble experience, in restaurants that do serve souffle, waiters tell about it, so people can preorder instead of waiting, especially with two tired children. So no souffle for us. No questions about after dinner drinks. One would think that if tip is calculated based on the check, the waiter would at least try to offer some options even if not make our experience more pleasant but to make the  tip bigger. I guess that waiter was working for fun.We really enjoyed our food. It was great and the chef should be  kissed nightly. But if you take a great picture and hang it on the meat hooks instead of the frame, the perception is really mixed.
4	We were in town for one Saturday night and walked around the area hoping to find a place for dinner. We stepped in Bonaparte and felt embarrassed by being underdressed. However they still accommodated us for a table for 2 in this busy evening. When we were looking at the menu prices, we thought it was all about the nice decor. Once we started our meal, we immediately realized knew that the quality & presentation worth such prices.I had soup of the day (red vegetable soup) and a lobster salad. The soup was great, though I would appreciate a tiny tad more of flavor enhancement (maybe some herb?). The lobster salad with hazelnut oil and maple syrup was delicious! Every element on the plate tasted so fresh and harmonious with each other. Nothing is overpowering another. The oil and syrup were lightly but thoroughly applied, leaving no greasy texture but beautiful scent in your mouth. The lobster meat was also nicely poached with nice fresh texture.My husband ordered the 3 courses meal with brushetta, milk-fed calf steak, and chocolate mousse. The brushetta was nicely plated. The milk-fed calf steak was excellent. It was tender and juicy. You can really taste the milky diet when tasting the meat. However my husband would appreciate the intensity of peppercorn sauce was too much and not necessary. It would be perfect if the pepper was reduced. We ended the evening with delicious chocolate mousse and a cup of tea. We enjoyed our meals and the overall experience.
4	Excellent food and very satisfying. I am a picky and big eater and was afraid of the portion sizes being too small. It was exactly the right size, yet giving me a small craving for more. The pre fixed menu made decisions easier, and the service was excellent. Just be ready to drop $135 per person.
5	If you wish an excellent meal and I mean CLASSIC French meal you will be delighted - outstanding in every way and you CAN bring well behaved children there!  Lobster - fois gras c'mon...
3	We were here for the 2nd time. As before, the service was fantastic and the food terrific. This time however, we were seated in a room with an office holiday gathering and 2 large groups. It was so damn loud in there my wife and I literally had to to ask each other "What?" repeatedly because we could not hear one another. That's fine at a happy hour in a local bistro, but not at this kind of place. Frankly, it ruined our evening. I know the restaurant is between a rock and a hard place - it's tough to "shush" patrons, but they could have moved us or bought us an aperitif or two to help promote forgetfulness of the experience!Oh well, maybe it's time to try another fine dining establishment on our next visit.
5	We celebrated our one year wedding anniversary at Bonaparte and the food was simply to die for. If you are planning to go I would highly suggest the tasting menu/prix fixe menu. You have got to to try as much as you possibly can. My husband and I did disagree on some of the dishes (e.g. The bisque which I felt was fantastic)
5	I went back to Bonaparte this evening after a 17-year hiatus, and this time took my husband as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. So often in this life, when you've had a memorable experience and then foolishly seek to repeat it, it fails to equal your memory... but here the second visit didn't disappoint. The meal, the classy ambiance, the completely professional service, were all just as I remembered. Being a somewhat ADD eater, I chose the $72 tasting menu (degustation) as I don't enjoy coming face to face with a whole plate of anything; I'm bored by the 4th or 5th bite.First course (lobster bisque) was beautifully balanced; so often chefs gild the lily where lobster is concerned, piling on the richness, but here, the star ingredient spoke for itself. Second course - goat cheese in phyllo - was nice but didn't "send" me - perhaps the weakest point in the menu - next time I'll take the home-cured salmon. But the third course, the mushroom ravioli, alone were worth the price of admission. It is the surest proof of my love for my husband that I generously gave him one whole ravioli of the four, for I could have gone on forever experiencing that particular combination of taste and texture - translucent pasta enveloping intense but not overbearing mushroom filling, the whole lightly bathed in butter. Again, the sense of balance, of not overdoing anything, of honoring tradition in French cuisine rather than grasping at the latest trend, was apparent on the plate. I doubt there's any liquid nitrogen or yuzu foam in that kitchen, and that's a good thing, for there ought to be places that don't chase food fads, yet remain worth your time and money - because what they do is both classic and superb. Then a palate-clearing pear sorbet, a perfectly timed pause, and the main course. Mine, the sole meuniere with pine nuts, was a beautifully cooked sampler in which the vegetables actually managed to outshine the protein, no insult intended to the protein. There was a mere half of cherry tomato perched atop a small phyllo coupe of spaghetti squash. Inconsequential, you would think. Yet when I bit into the tomato, the flavor sang out like the 7000-pipe organ at Notre Dame up the street. Every tiny thing on that plate was a finely carved jewel. My husband (who was eating a la carte) said his filet mignon was one of the 5 best he'd ever had - and this is a man who's been eating that particular cut at the top steakhouses of DC and other major metropolises for decades. He even ate his vegetables - unheard of! :-)Another welcome pause, with a sense of leisure for digesting all the above and enjoying conversation, ended when dessert arrived. My husband ordered the chocolate souffle and was rewarded with a gorgeously light yet substantial creation. I judged this to be the right moment to cash in my IOU from the mushroom ravioli I'd given him - I got several bites. So often I find chocolate desserts disappointing: either they're not sufficiently vivid in their chocolate-ness, or they go too far and become heavy and gummy.  Not here - the ganache was perfectly vivid without weighing anything down.My own plate, the "dessert symphony," was a mini-version of the memorable plate I'd had 17 years earlier. The intense strawberry mousse, the chocolate hazelnut tower with its little crunchy bits, the creme brulee with its deliciously bitter burnt sugar crust, were all superb -- and again, the attention to tiny details rewards those who don't assume that little slice of hard-to-identify fruit atop the creme chantilly is just a decoration - it's not - it rewards with a burst of flavor all its own. My one "whine" is the cheesecake, which was OK but not top of the heap in the dessert universe - a bit bland when juxtaposed with its companions on the plate. We passed a lovely two-plus hours, eating and chatting in a lovely quiet alcove near the window, never feeling rushed, never having to wave franticallly for attention, never drumming our fingers and wondering when the food might appear... all these experiences, so common at other establishments, are not part of our experience with Bonaparte.  We came away replete, fulfilled, happy. Merci de tout coeur to Gerard Fort and to all the staff at Bonaparte.
