3	I was told by many people this was the place to go in the Ballantyne area for a great burger.  Boy do I love burgers!We went there at a pretty off time, Sunday night around 8 or so.  There was no wait, and the restaurant was barely half full.  But I could easily see how this place could get very busy.  The server was good, fast, efficient.  The decor of the restaurant is great and fits what you would expect a burger place to be like.  I ordered the Classic Southern Burger which is a burger topped with Chili, coleslaw, lettuce, and pickle.  I also got the sweet potato fries.  My fellow diner got the basic burger and added bacon, and cheese, along with a Guinness from their very expansive drinks menu.  As far as the quality of food we can't complain.  The burgers were very tasty and the fries weren't soggy or cold.  The only problem I have is with prices.  Beer prices are actually very reasonable.  But, my Southern Burger was 8.00.  Which is somewhat reasonable for a good burger and some fries. My girlfriend added Bacon and cheese to hers and it was 9.50.  9.50 for a burger with bacon and cheese is just kind of pushing it.  The Burgers were good, but I can't say that it tasted twice as good as a Five Guy's burger, or 25% better than a Chili's Burger.  But as you read the menu, you get the feeling that you're paying more for the fact that the menu is well prepared and the meat is bought from the right places.  And that is something I can appreciate.  We will be back, but maybe not as often as we would have been if the burgers were just psychologically a little bit cheaper.
4	Spur of the moment idea for dinner. We have been here for lunch but not for dinner. Thursday night at 7:30pm and it was packed and a 30 minute wait. The bar was slow becuase they are packed and have 1 bartender doing the bar and restuarant  drinks. We did get seated within 25 mins, but had not finished our drinks because it tools so long.  We ordered fried pickles for apps.  They are very very good, definite recommendation.  Service was excellent. You can build your own salad and have a number of options - definetly worth taking a look at. I ordered a small salad with a burger on top ($7) - cheaper than ordering any burger on the menu.  I ordered the Buffalo (yes Buffalo meat) burger which was very good. The only downfall on the salad was the the Chipolte dressing was not very spicy.  It definetly needs to be kicked up a bit.  John ordered the Sam I Am Burger - burger, with a fried egg, ham and rosemary and pesto.  Sounds crazy but liked it.  I have heard from other people that they love the Sam I Am.  Kids  had chicken fingers and sliders plenty fo food for them and came with ice cream.  Dinner was very good and definetly will be coming back.
4	I've been to the Dilworth location and found it to be SUPER busy (of course it was BYOM night) the next time I wanted a really good burger, we headed to the Ballantyne location.  More seating, more parking, same great food and service.  Ballantyne can fill up too.  I would recommend that you follow them on Twitter at @BigDaddysCLT as they host tweetups, have twitter-only specials, and more.  One visit was to celebrate potato chip day and we received free chips and dip just by saying we saw it on twitter.  NICE!
1	I want to start by saying I am (was) a huge fan of the one in Dillworth, and even enjoyed going to the one in Ballentyne until my last experience, which was Friday April 23rd for lunch. I like to describe some of the low-lights from my visit; first I was disappointed to see a new menu meant a change to their nachos (and not a change for the better). Second, there were four of us and three orders came out wrong (batting .250 might be good enough to make the Royals but it is a disappointment at lunch). Third, all of the burgers were ordered medium and all four came out closer to rare, which was surprising based on how long it took to bring the food out. As much as I enjoyed my previous trips to Big Daddy's, I am afraid this was probably my last.
4	I really loved the burger at Big Daddy's, Maybe it is because they have a Gluten-Free menu and I was able to eat at this establishment like a normal human being. I had a jalapeno bacon cheese burger, chips, and pimento cheese dip. It was excelllent. They also had a GF hamburger bun which fell apart but, was tasty. It was really crowded on a Sat. afternoon and has outdoor tables.
4	we went to this location because my parents in law live in the ballantyneneighborhood and they arent adventurous enough to try the penguin or something like that (my mother in law is very picky) while we were visiting..and while i am always up for an eating adventure if the food is good..we tried here instead...i wasnt disappointed by the food tho i did try the baconaitor? ultra bacon burger...bacon cheeseburger with two kinds of bacon and baconaise it was very good bacon cheesburger but dam...11.50 for a burger...i wouldnt get it everyday
5	I love this place.  The Dilworth location is good too, just too cramped and small.I've eaten here a dozen times, and everything I've ordered came out great.  Seriously good burgers.  I also love the mac n cheese and the tater tots.  They also have a great beer selection, which goes with their menu perfectly.I highly recommend Big Daddy's!
4	The wonderful, delicious irony for me regarding Big Daddy's Burger Bar is that for all their yummy burger selections, I always gravitate towards their grilled chicken sandwich, maybe the best grilled chicken sandwich in town. And their salads are quite delicious, too. BDBB also features a chef's special, and many times I've been pleased with the chef's choice.We always get very good, very friendly service, and the hostesses up front are always pleasant. The only things I don't care for are the amount of flat-screen TVs always tuned to some lame college football game, and the obnoxiously loud classic rock station on Sirius Radio that plays utterly terrible classic rock tunes you never want to hear again.Expect some lengthy waits around lunchtime, and on weekends.(PS - this review is in reference to the Ballantyne location.)
4	Look. here's the brief and skinny. Do you like Burgers? They're all good.Do you like Tater-Tots? They're great here.Do you like traditional fries or sweet-potato fries instead? Great. They're good too.Do you like fried pickles? Awesome. Order some. They're great too.Want lots of good burger options? Pick one. Want your burger any way you want it? Choose to build your own.Want your salad any way you want it? Again. Build your own.Want a big slab of burger on your salad? Yes, that's an option. Want turkey burger or veggie burger instead of beef on any burger? No problem. Seriously. Burgers, salad, fried things, with more options than should be legal. And on top of that - milkshakes and a full bar.
4	We've been here twice now and the food both times did not disappoint. You can't go wrong with a a place that serves your burger any way you want it and carries a nice variety of drafts.  Knocked it down a star for the hostess that sat me, my husband, and toddler at a table meant for two, not three. We ordered an appetizer, two burgers, and a kids grilled cheese. Our plates were sitting on top of each other to the point where you couldn't even see the table anymore.
3	I've been to the Dilworth and Ballantyne locations often, mostly because some of my friends like it.  I have to say that the food has always been pretty good and the ingredients are fresh.  We almost always get some kind of burger and fries or tots.  I've had the fried pickles and nachos too.  The pickles are pretty good and the nachos are fair.I have also noticed that the wait to get your food can take quite a while which can be a headache when you are there on your lunch break.  Also the price of the burger/fries combined with a drink and tip can start to get a little pricey.
4	You might be surprised to see my review of Big Daddy's since I don't eat red meat!  But my husband and I love this place!  You can get a veggie burger in place of any beef for all the burgers-my favorite is the Cantina 1511 bean burger which has guac!  Other favorites are the fried pickles and tater tots.  Rather than choose from the standard menu my husband likes to create his own.  He loves pimiento cheeseburgers.  There's also a fun bar area with a nice beer selection and plenty of TVs for sports.  Also fun is the daily milkshakes--yumm!  I wouldn't recommend this as a place to take a group if you're planning to chat it up because the music is always too loud.  But it's perfect for 2-4 people who can sit pretty close and enjoy a delish burger with a cold beer.
4	Nicely located in Ballantyne, Bid Daddy's serves up some delicious burgers.  In my explorations to date, they are the best place in town for "gourmet" burgers.  My personal favorite is the Frenchie (turkey burger with Brie, bacon and green apples).  The sweet potato fries are great as well.  The wait is usually significant due to popularity.  Luckily, there is a large bar and nice outdoor areas where you can wait for a table.
4	Can we say big daddy's sauce is da bomb! A vegetarian is saying this mind you. Fried pickles are the kosher pickle kind with the crispy breading with addictive non valley's ranch ranch dip YUM! All of a sudden the queen of will power is bumming tater tots off her co-workers plates. Not a coincidence my friends the food is worth the wait in line at lunch. Not to mention a tater tot dip in big daddy's sauce. Seriously love the place. Sometimes I hate the sub-par service but I will keep going back for more. It is hard to get burger fans and vegetarians to agree on a place for lunch. This place is it. On a side note for those meat eaters the meat is hormone free and grass fed burgers. Hooray!
4	I really enjoy eating at this place. My date and I were pretty big fans of Red Robin (which this place reminds me of in alot of ways) so when we stumbled upon it we were happy and hesitant at the same time to see if it would measure up to our expectations. But it did not disappoint,  I've always gotten great service, the menu has a good variety of specialty burgers & sandwiches (if you don't like those you can always make up your own) The sides work well with the mean (accept those onion crisps they look like they belong on a salad but a poor substitute for onion rings my only disappointment) But they usually have great drink specials and even offer up a few deserts that I never have room for because the burgers are quite plentiful. They also have TV's if you want to catch a game and a little out door area as well so it's caters well to all types. I would certainly recommend folks looking for something unique and tasty to head over to the burger bar, it's a safe bet :-D
3	I guess I don't see what all the fuss is about.  We ate at Big Daddy's on a Friday night with our two kids.  There was a wait, but very reasonable for a Friday night at 7 p.m.  Our waitress was friendly and on top of things and the food arrived pretty quickly so no issues there really.  Maybe our expectations were too high, but we weren't bowled over by the food.  We had the homemade potato chips for an ap and they were tasty.  Nothing special, but nothing wrong with them either.  I love homemade chips but these didn't wow me. Hubs ordered the Bacon Burger on Steriods.  I think we were both envisioning heart attack on a platter (in the best possible way of course!).  Unfortunately we were disappointed.  A rather smallish burger arrived  - for $11 and with that name we were expecting something huge!  You couldn't even see the bacon unless you lifted the bun.  Chili's is serving a better bacon burger right now - larger and tastier with better bacon.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't a bad burger, but did not meet expectations.I went with a small salad from the Make Your Own Section.  Nice option really.  Kind of like a salad bar without having to worry about the food coming into contact with every one in the place.  Good choice of toppings.  Very reasonable price.For various sides we had the fries and the sweet potato fries.  Sweet potato fries were good, regular fries were not great.  They kind of had a weird taste.  My fry loving 7 yr old wouldn't eat them.   A first.All in all, I think there are better places for a burger in Charlotte - 131 Main, Five Guys - even Chili's come to mind.
4	I could eat here everyday and never get bored.  Not just because there are so many selections and create your own options, but because it is so darn good.  The frenchie (turkey burger, brie, bacon, granny smith apples and a garlic mayo) changed my life.  Also, the fact that the servers always offer to give me a to-go cup for my soda really just elevates the entire experience.  I was first converted at the East Blvd. location, and was beyond thrilled to stumble upon it in Ballantyne, one fine day.  I'm not sure if there's a frequent/loyal customer badge (perhaps a VIP burger pass?), but I would love to get on board for that.
5	Big Daddy's, the first place we take family or friends when they get into town. Whether we want apps or drinks, dinner, or just dessert, Big Daddy's always tastes fresh and the service is always awesome, I think because they're having so much fun and they love the food as much as the rest of Charlotte. BD has quickly become one of our favorite go tos. From the nachos, to the amazing Mac and cheese appetizers, to the fresh salads with scatch made dressings, to our favorite the Sam I Am, a beef burger loaded with pesto, Rosemary ham, a fried egg, lettuce, tomato, you can't go wrong. I recently decided to try a new burger and went with the frenchie on a whole wheat bun. It was a turkey burger with Brie, granny smith apples, applewood smoked bacon, garlic mayonnaise and it was awesome, but for me the part that made it so good was the waitress. She could see me trying figure if I wanted to try it, and because it happened to be one of her favorites, she stood behind it. "No worries, if you don't like it, I'll get you your favorite." They have a fully stocked bar, great beer options, and the best milkshakes, spiked or not. Of course when you try a new restaurant you may want some help with the menu, at BD they always ask if you've been before, they want you to take your time and enjoy whatever you choose. It's a simple menu, but there are so many options, even the picky eaters can find something to make their own, due to the burger options alone: portabella cap, veggie, beef, turkey chicken, pork, and I even believe I'm forgetting one! Try it, you can't miss, but be prepared to wait a  a moment or two, because it doesn't matter the day or the time, Big Daddy's is always busy!
4	Ok, even if you don't eat burgers, this place is awesome!  I had the Asian salad with chicken breast, peanuts, mandrian oranges, wontons, etc served with a soy ginger vinagerette, yum!! My coworker had the Texican Salad which was with bacon crusted fried chicken, black beans, etc and a spicy chipotle ranch sauce which he said was hot and spicy but just right.If you go at lunch during the week, get there a little early to beat the rush because the place gets busy!
4	One of my favorite burger places in Charlotte and not just for the burgers.  Their salads are delicious and today I tried the black bean burger and was blown away at how good it was.  They also do a great breakfast I hear but I haven't had the opportunity to try that out yet (but plan to soon!)  They provide daily bar specials and on Wednesday nights it's Mug Night and will fill up to 40oz at a time for your favorite draft beer between $2-$4!  Nice!It's always crowded here but I've never had an issue with service so apparently the staff knows how to run a kitchen and hire good help.Personal favorite appetizer = fried picklesPersonal favorite side = sweet potato fries
5	I frequent this burger bar (which is now "bad" daddy's due to trademark complexities) with my coworkers and friends almost every week. I guess it helps that the restaurant is within walking distance from my crib. This food paradise has everything from Sunday mimosas and brunch, to your fully equipped sports bar, to your gluttonous, casual, and/or professional dietary needs. However, I would give the wait staff a B-. since the restaurant always seem to be swarming with people when you're hungriest, service can get pretty slow. Regardless, the wait staff always seem to have good attitudes.  So with good attitudes, reasonable prices, and awesome food, you can't go wrong with the original Big Daddy's. Tummy Dreams come true here!
5	I went back yesterday for my first visit since they rebranded as Bad Daddy's.  I decided to order the Texican Chicken Salad ($9.50)  which normally is served with fried bacon-encrusted chicken (ick) but they were happy to substitute plain grilled chicken instead.  Also, I had them hold the onions and the salad was perfect.   In addition to iceberg lettuce & tomato, the salad also includes black beans and corn (fresh off the cob), cilantro, tortilla strips, and chipotle ranch sauce (which I got on the side).  The salad dressing had just the right amount of slow burn and the flavors were perfectly balanced. This is the most delicious salad I've had in a long time! My friend ordered a burger and chips. His only complaint was that they were a little too generous with the mayo.... but other than that, he was happy. I tried one of his chips and it was really a good homemade chip - crispy and not greasy.Service was good last night - they were busy, but our server promptly took our order and kept our drinks filled.   Yep, this is the place to go if someone is hankering for a super salad or fresh cooked to order burgers (including turkey or black bean burgers).
2	Love the idea of building your own salad when your not in the mood for burger or you just want to be healthy. But the diced chicken option for the salad was dried out and tasteless.  Another draw back on the restaurant was it was way too loud!! All the hard surfaces and the open ceiling cause this problem.
4	Great place.  Went with the family on a Saturday afternoon.  It was our first time and my wife is a pescatarian (no meat, just fish) so we needed some help with the menu.  I decided on the build your own, my wife built her own with the black bean patty and my daughter had the kids sliders.While we were waiting the waiter came out and said they had some extra nachos and thought we'd like them...SCORE FREE NACHOS.  The nachos were great, most everything on them was homemade which made them better than typical restaurant nachos.The burgers were nicely done.  Mine was perfectly cooked and the bacon was thick and smokey.  My wife enjoyed her black bean burger and was happy to find a place we can both enjoy and take the kids without any problem.It was loud and crowded, but if you know that's what you're getting upfront it's not a problem.  We'll go back!
5	Just when I thought Bad Daddy's (previously Big Daddy's) couldn't get any more amazing they slightly revamp the menu and add the BAD ASS BURGER. That's a 10oz ground beef AND bacon patty with lettuce, tomato, buttermilk fried bacon, white cheddar cheese, and (i have them hold the) horseradish mayo. Add a fried egg to this and its easily one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. I mean, there's fried bacon on it and ground bacon in the burger patty! Epic, its an epic burger. Add to that killer tots, awesome fried pickles, more great burgers, $2 PBR tall boys all the time, great service...I could go on and on. There's a chef's special burger that changes daily. They always sound hella good so be sure to inquire about it. AND the beer specials definitely rival any place in town, especially the Wed Mug Night. It can get busy, the max I have ever waited was 30 min on a Saturday night around 7:30. Duh, its going to be busy at that time. If you despise waiting come earlier/later and avoid the rush. Oh, there's brunch now too! Breakfast burger on texas toast- im coming for you the next Sunday i can drag my ass outta bed by 11am.
5	Hands down the best burgers I have ever had!  Great atmosphere and incredible food!  Try the Cantina 1511 burger for a unique bean burger experience that won't disappoint. For the hard core meat-aholics try the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids.  They also have great beer specials including 24oz cans (sweet) and craft beers on tap.
2	I was not impressed. I loved the idea of created your own salad but not of paying extra for a small ramikin of salad dressing. I also tried the sliders and they were okay. I'll stick to Red Robin if I want a good burger.
4	When you need a good burger in the Ballantyne area this is your place! Ive had several of the burgers here, but just recently tried one of their chicken sandwiches... OH MY... I had Emilio's chicken sandwich, it was wonderful!  But then again, what isn't to love about a bacon crusted chicken breast with guacamole, jalapeno bacon, poblano pepper mayo, and mozzarella cheese?  It had the perfect balance of sweetness and heat.  The staff is extremely friendly, and the food is quite good.  They take pride in what they serve, and make sure that you enjoy the experience as much as possible.On our last visit there, one of our salads came incorrectly.  We brought it to the attention of our server who promptly apologized and then took it back to the kitchen to correct the situation.  As soon as the waitress seemed to disappear, the manager came out and made sure that the entire situation was being corrected properly.  **I must be 100% honest here... It seems as if every other time we go out to eat at various restaurants, there is a problem in one of our orders.  But Bad Daddy's definitely set the bar extremely high for how other managers need to handle those problems.
4	I have major love for the Bad Daddy's East Blvd. location, so, naturally, I figured I would enjoy the Ballantyne digs! And I was right. Allow me to break it down for you...Location: Right off of Johnston Rd/521. You'll find plenty of parking spots! Layout: Wider and much flatter than the East Blvd. location. It was still quite busy during a Sunday afternoon lunch but not nearly as packed in as their other location. The patio (covered in the cooler months) is a nice addition, too! The bar also looks quite spacious. Menu: The same delicious burgers and sandwich concoctions you're used to. My favorite is the Frenchie...amazing grilled Granny smith apples, turkey burger and smothered with Brie and a touch of special mayo. Get it with a design your own salad...chipotle ranch dressing FTW. Their milkshake and beer lists are pretty extensive, too! Service: Attentive, helpful and fairly quick even when they're busy! If you get a chance, always ask about their burger of the day...it's usually a winner. It's good to be bad...daddy's.
5	PBR's tallboy's are no longer $2 (now $3) but Mickey's wide mouth grenades are. Also, finally tried a couple drinks off the cocktail menu. Had the disco lemonade and dragonberry... they taste great and are loaded with booze. I'd be in serious trouble if they were cheaper and offered in pitchers hahaha.
2	We had went there for the purpose of getting some of their chili and found out that they had just changed their recipe like within the past couple of days and that they had started putting pork/swine in the chili. Not only the chili that they serve in a cup/bowl but also the chili that would go on their chili cheese ALL BEEF hot dogs, chili cheese fries, and chili cheese burgers. We decided to forego the food and leave after a couple of cold ones. Got to try a new beer that they had on draft which was o.k. Not sure that we would go back.
4	Went back today, had great service and didn't have to wait in line!  I had the Ahi Tuna burger since I wanted to try something different.  The burger was AWESOME, they had a peanut laced slaw on the burger which was a great compliment to the delicious med rare Ahi Tuna.  Wonderful idea!
3	Some things are good, some not so much. I know they are famous for their burgers, but my personal favorite is their "Create your own Salads". They are big and filling! I always get Spinach with grilled chicken, avacado, homemade mozarella cheese, mandarin oranges, and Peanut Soy dressing. It's really fresh and very tasty!I also love thier sweet potato fries. I am a huge fan of sweet potato fries and let me tell you, these are really good! They aren't regular fries, they have the zig zags in them (forgot what that's called) and they are cooked just right! Please stay away from the Tuna Burger. I usually love tuna burgers, but this one was just not good. I thought it was going to be like an ahi tuna filet, but this one actually seemed like ground tuna? It was weird. Anyways! don't get it! Sometimes their service is quite slow too. So if you are in a hurry, I suggest you go somewhere else!
4	My wife and I went to Bad Daddy's Burger the other day, and it was awesome. The homemade potato chips with the cheese dip is delicious. We also shared the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids. The burger tasted great, but it was very messy and didn't hold together at all. Even though it was messy I would go back in a heartbeat to get another.
4	Pretty good!  Turkey burger was good, not sure it was worth $10, but I did enjoy it.  My friend ordered fried pickles, and they were yum!  Will probably go back someday.
4	I would usually feel guilty about eating a big ol' honkin' burger for lunch, but I tend to cut myself a little slack on Fridays.  Therefore, last Friday I went just down the street to Bad Daddy's to enjoy a big ol' honkin' burger.The decor is fairly typical for a popular burger joint: lots of posters, servers dressed in black shirts and jeans, and so on.  They were already busy at 11:45, so if you're on your lunch break, I wouldn't show up at noon.  However, I was seated with minimal fuss and proceeded to order a Southern Classic burger, with chili and slaw, accompanied by sweet potato fries.The burger turned out to be quite tasty, if not quite as tasty as a certain fairly-close restaurant's.  There was just the right amount of pink, and the slaw and chili were both freshly made and good.  The sweet potato fries were nice as well.  I initially thought that thousand-island was a strange dip selection, but it turned out to work well.My only complaint was that Bad Daddy's definitely follows the narrow and stacked-high burger model.  This might look cooler than a wider, flatter burger, but it makes the thing very messy to eat.  I brought a textbook to lunch, but it went untouched, as I feared to slop on its pages.My conclusion: go early, don't bring a book, but try Bad Daddy's.
4	This is a place that isn't super cheap, but the food makes up for the price. The turkey burger was AAAAMAZING. I did a build your own burger w/ a lettuce wrap. I didn't expect just a hunk of lettuce with the burger on top, but the turkey burger itself made up for it. Service was great and the sweet potato fries are to die for!
4	Love me some Bad Daddy's! The homemade chips are one of the items that keeps me coming back and looking forward to having a lunch meeting at either Charlotte location. The burgers/sandwiches are great. Nice portion of beef or other sandwich-friendly insides. Not your run-of-the-mill burger. Definitely some of the better combinations out there. The Mama Ricotta burger is awesome and different and the Cantina 1511 is a knockout. Love green chilies on a burger!The wings fit well on the "expected" side when it comes to flavor. Nothing groundbreaking. Also, a little disappointed that you can't order an entree-sized portion. They only come in a 7-8 count as an app. Kinda lame. What if I wanted 15? Too bad, brosef. The only downside is their veggie burger. Not a huge fan of the texture. It's a little mealy and tends to fall apart. Definitely had better.The milkshakes are bangin. Aaaaand you can get it SPIKED! So good. I had never tried a spiked milkshake, let alone heard of one, until I had gone to Bad Daddy's. Seriously worth a try. Better off splitting one of these bad boys (pun intended). It comes with some extra in the spin cup for your further sugar/dairy laden enjoyment. Outdoor seating is phenomenal.Service is always friendly and fast. These guys are doing a great job with their entire chain of restaurants across the Queen City. Hats off, ladies and gents. Great Charlotte staple. Perfect place for 2, family, with kids or whatever.
3	Bad Daddy's food is very good but service and attitude can be a little spotty at this location. Specifically, Bad Daddy's is a poor choice for group get togethers. Last month, a group of 10 of us had reserved a table right at 5PM for a post-work get together. The restaurant was nearly empty when 6 of us showed up - 2 folks had a firedrill come up at the office they were tending to and the other 2 had gotten lost on the way to the restaurant. The hostess refused to seat us until everyone else arrived, which we found ridiculous, given that at most, 2 other tables in the restaurant were occupied and no one was waiting for a table besides us. We wanted to sit down after a long day and have drinks while we waited for our friends, but we couldn't do that until everyone was rounded up and accounted for.I completely understand this policy at peak hours, when you can't have 2 people taking up a table for 10, but to set the policy in stone at non-peak hours when the restaurant is empty isn't good business. They lost extra drink sales while six of us stood awkwardly at the front door of a nearly empty restaurant waiting for a few minutes. Finally when the 2 lost teammates arrived they relented and gave us a table for 8, which they made sure we knew was "against their usual policy". With a sea of empty tables around us they wouldn't pull over an extra two top until our coworkers who had to deal with an issue at work arrived 20 minutes later - when the restaurant was still cavernously empty.The food at Bad Daddy's is very good but I'm not a traditional burger fan. On this last visit, I searched for my favorite, the Banh Mi burger (which is a pork burger) only to find it's been taken off the menu. I had a hard time choosing between all of the other options, since they didn't really appeal to me. It's a shame they removed my favorite option. Their menu is somewhat limited.If other people want to go to Bad Daddy's, I'll go with them, but after this last visit, I see no reason to initiate going there myself.
5	This place is great every time we go! On our last visit, my husband and I split the buffalo chicken sandwich and the Cantina burger and we were both stuffed and satisfied by the time we were done. I've had both the onion strings and the sweet potato fries and they were better than at most places but my new favorite thing is their house made bacon mayo or Big Daddy's sauce. YUM.
5	Great burgers, love to make my own salad. I always do the create your own small salad as a meal and it's plenty. Kids like the sliders and fried pickles. The kids love their milkshakes and I have to admit they are really good. Burgers always are cooked right and flavorful.  All of the ingredients are fresh...this is one of our go to places.  It also has a full bar and drinks that have some bang!
3	Went with the family here on Saturday night.  The place was busy, and after being told that we would have a 30 minute wait, our pager lit up 10 minutes after we got it.Our server was great in letting us know about the special beers and food that was available.  I ordered one of the special beers, and it was quite good.   She came by later to ask what I thought about it.We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer, and I have to say, I was very disappointed.  I am a fan of fried pickles, but these were way too salty for us, and we were only able to have about half of the order before we gave up.One reason why I like Bad Daddy's is that they have a buffalo burger.  I am a huge fan of buffalo, and to me, it has a better taste than beef and is overall better for you.My oldest had the same burger, and loved it.  It really is served well.I also liked how the sides are served in small bowls, separate from the rest of the meal.  I got their home made potato chips, and they are very good!  Very crispy.  I have had other home made chips at other restaurants, but they usually end up soggy and all bunched together.Our server did keep tabs on us, and got refills on our drinks.  Well, except for my request for another beer on special.  Either she did not hear it or just forgot.Regardless, the food was good (except for the fried pickles), the service was overall good, and the restaurant is loud.  Not a place to have a nice, quiet dinner.We will go back, but there are so many other restaurants to try in the area!
2	DISAPPOINTING! Never again.  Okay, food isn't terrible but the portions are insanely small for the cost. Comparably, Killingtons in Huntersville gives you a veggie burger that could almost feed three people for almost the same price.  Veggie burger wasn't anything special. My girlfriend added bacon to hers but it was cold. Service was poor. Decent atmosphere and sitting outdoors is nice. That's about all it has going for it.
4	A great place for lunch as well as for meeting up with friends after work.So far this is my favorite burger joint in Charlotte. There is a good selection of different burgers on the menu, including buffalo, chicken and vegetarian options. My two favorites are the buffalo burger as well as the "Sam I am" burger.For those looking for a slightly healthier option there's a large selection of ingredients for creating your perfect salad.The service tends to be friendly, although it can be rather slow during peak hours. While the food is always good, lately there have been problems with burgers getting overcooked.Overall the food is great. Assuming the problems with cooking the burgers correctly get resolved, then I would not hesitate to rate Bad Daddy's a full 5 stars.
4	My favorite burger place!  Great variety in burgers, good selection of beers, and friendly apps.  Great place for families, kids, and groups.  Nice "outdoor" covered patio with flat screen TVs.
5	Yes yes yes yes yes! Bad Daddy's is the best burger in Charlotte I have found by a mile. My typical order is a Western Burger (buffalo burger, barbecue sauce, cheese) without onion rings. They cook it at the minimum to a warm pink center, which is perfect for me. A lot of restaurants will only go well in NC since NC requires beef that is not ground at the restaurant to be at a certain temperature. The buns are soft and good, and the thick burgers are juicy and delicious.Service, I've found, is always very good and consistent. Jared (or Jarod?) goes above and beyond to make sure his customers are happy. My mom once got onions (which she doesn't like) on her burger. A manager took it back and literally removed the onions from the bun and gave it back. Jared asked several times to take it back and then we ended up with a free milkshake. That's customer service and that's what keeps me coming back. Exceptional.It can get really busy during the work week at lunch, and dinner is pretty crowded too. Weekends are a mess as well. Essentially, every time is a mess since it's so good! Give Bad Daddy's a shot next time you're in South Charlotte!
5	My husband and I love it here! We have not been disappointed yet. The nachos as a starter are delicious, but huge! We haven't been able to finish our meal yet. Everything has been great and service is spot on.
1	This kills me - I absolutely LOVE the burgers at Bad Daddy's.  They are the best I've found in NC.  However, I will caution anyone to drive the extra distance to go to the location on East Blvd. (Dilworth), rather than going to the Ballantyne location.  During my last visit, I received a burger that was over-well-done, when I asked for medium.  They replaced it with a burger that was cooked correctly, but with the wrong cheese on it.They did me right and comped the burger, plus they gave me a coupon for a free appetizer.  The manager was very nice and understanding, and he admitted that their kitchen sucks.  Bad Daddy's is still my burger place of choice; I'll just have to drive 12 miles, rather than 1.5, to have one.11/11/12 - UPDATE - I decided to give this location another try, rather than drive 12 miles.  Big mistake.  The food took FOREVER to arrive, and when it did, they screwed up my order.  Plus, they overcooked my girlfriend's burger.  The waitress was a bitch, too.  Very unpleasant experience.  The manager is a nice guy, and he walks around the restaurant, apologizing to everyone for the awful service all day.  I can't believe they don't make improvements to the mess they have there.  Never going back.  I mean it this time.
4	Finally got up on a Sunday early enough to make it for breakfast! I had a really hard time deciding on what to order. Everything sounded so good. In the end i had their version of eggs benedict  with queso and a side of jalapeno bacon. It was pretty awesome.The standout, as usual with me, was definitely the bacon. My friend got the breakfast burger and enjoyed it. I saw pancakes being carried by and wow those looked fantastic. Mental note made for next time. Id say the prices are fair for the meals as well. One thing though, our service wasn't that great. After being seated we waited about 10 min for a server, while the tables around us were being helped. They were not even busy. Actually now that i think about it inconsistent service has been an issue the past few times ive eaten there. Hopefully this turns around soon. I still think the food is still amazing.
4	This place has great music.. Great beer deals.. And a cool atmosphere. Burgers (veggie for me) are great. Salads are pretty good, but the price... a salad is $10 and is the size of a Denny's side salad! I don't understand that? Fries are good.. But all the other sides like tots and fried pickles are very salty. Maybe to sell more beer? Shakes are incredible! All in all... pretty good place.
3	I give it a-ok
4	Went here on a Monday night at 8:30. Restaurant had a light crowd.Was seated immediately at a booth of my choice. Waitstaff was pretty good; not too often, not too seldom. Drink refills, extra napkins(!), etcetera.Had a custom-built burger with bleu cheese, cooked medium. Good job! Liked the Big Daddy's sauce for my fries--bbq sauce, mayo, and other ingredients.
5	Thanks to having a wife to go out and eat with, we were able to order two different things and try half of each.  That was, without question, the best chicken sandwich I have ever eaten in my life, and probably a tie for the best burger.  Options is the name of the game at this place, and there are plenty.  A practically endless array of combinations of unique toppings to put on your burger (battered and fried bacon, anyone?).  My sandwich was fairly standard as far as the toppings went (bacon, poblano mayo, guacamole), but cooked to perfection.My wife's burger, which she claims is the best she's ever had, was a beef burger (cooked medium, yay for grinding your own meat) with brie, bacon, and garlic mayo.  There were countless cheeses and toppings to choose from, and we finished the meal off with some exquisite banana pudding.  I'm told that tonight was an anomaly, and that normally we'd have seen a line out the door to be seated, so I guess we got lucky.  It's going to be tough not to come here on ever trip to the Queen City after this.  I'm thankful that we have a place in Asheville that can compare, otherwise I'd be depressed to leave tomorrow.
4	Kudos to the employee who ran out in the torrential downpour to lower the outdoor patio covering. Not only did you bathe in the rain as comedic entertainment for the patrons, but you spared my food from getting wet. Came here to grab a quick bite because we didn't know where else to go. I ordered the standard burger medium well, with the addition of cheddar and grilled onions, and it was cooked just as requested. Great burger, full of flavor, and the 6 oz. portion was plenty especially with the large side it comes with. I got it with tater tots, which were a bit on the salty side, but crispy golden brown and didn't fall apart. Fries were also good.
5	Fantastic burger ... One of the best I've had .... In an airport no less!
4	This is the best burger place I've found in Charlotte so far. I've had the patty melt and the Sam I Am burger (with bacon instead of ham). Both were great with the tater tots. Next time I go, I am definitely trying a milkshake.
2	Today, Bad Daddy's was just OK.  Nothing special and I left feeling like the experience was a bit lacking.  I went with the family which includes 2 young kids.  To start off, I love the location and the decor is well done.  Nice ambiance and not too crowded for a late Sunday lunch.To start off with, my 4 year old wanted Mac and Cheese as a side.  They only have Mac and Cheese on Mondays.  Why in the heck would you only have mac and cheese one day a week, and on a Monday at that?  Weird.  Next, they had a special burger which didn't sound too appealing to me but it came with beer battered onion rings.  I asked if I could get an order of those, and was denied because they didn't have enough.  Again, weird.  I would have ordered the more commonplace (apparently) onion straws but I had them before and didn't care for them that much.I wound up getting fries which were overcooked, tasteless, and obviously the scraps leftover from the lunch rush.  At least, if you're a "gourmet" burger place, offer decent fries.  The tater tots that my daughter got with her hot dog were very good though and I ate off her plate.On to the burger.  I feel it is a restaurants responsibility, if I order a burger, no matter what I put on it to provide me with a non messy or soggy, burger that is well put together and provides a taste of all the topping in each bite.  This burger fell short of this expectation.  I ordered it Med Rare, and it was so greasy / soggy that the bun was saturated and the burger had to be eaten with a fork and knife (man point deduction).  So, the bun was not strong enough, and the burger was too "wet".  They also didn't distribute the toppings evenly and as a result they were all over the place.  I think if more care was given to the preparation it would have turned everything around.  Just slopping a burger and toppings on a bun when I'm paying the $$ I paid for this lunch isn't going to generate repeat business.I like the concept of Bad Daddy's, I really do.  I may go back again, but to be honest there are plenty of places to get a burger and this past experience was lacking.
3	The best burger at the Charlotte airport but don't count on it getting to you fast.  The service is slow and typical airport as the servers are not concerned with repeat business.  The milkshakes are huge and not completely overpriced.  If you have at least an hour to kill and want a good burger and shake then check it out.
5	Buffalo burger with swiss and bacon was as good as its gets. Sweet potato fries were delicious as hell....Way better than nearby Red Robin.
4	Really delicious burgers!  Loved all the toppings and the ability to have the burger cooked to order!
3	My experiences at Bad Daddy's are "okay," they do some good things and they do some bad things.  They do have good burgers here, so if that is what you are looking for you will not be disappointed.  I do not care for their fries though, and the tater tots and chips are typically over salted.  They also accept the local "Ballantyne Card," which gives you a 15% discount from 11am-1pm; which is good because they are somewhat pricy.The atmosphere is loud by design.  The menu selection is robust, so there should be something for everyone.  If you come in a group of four or more, the wait time takes longer than normal; sometimes you have to grab the waiter's attention for service.
5	The service here is impeccable I had the bison burger with fried egg on top sauteed onions lettuce and tomato with my with white cheddar cheese it was so delicious I will be going back and I had a sweet potato fries excellent & crispy. This place can become habitual. But I have to watch it... but its good comfort food and the service was great.
5	You know you're a 90s kid when you had tater tots for lunch.....Bad Daddy's let's you order it whenever Hands down, one of the best places to eat in Charlotte. Have co-workers who drive from parts of SC to eat here. I live 2 minutes away from here (I can see from my balcony whether there is a big line)Great food and great atmosphere
4	God I love Bad Daddy's (or Big Daddy's, as I remember it).  What I love more is to tease my brother every time that I'm here because this is one of his favorite places to dine when he's in town from Kansas. This place has something for everyone and is a great place to come for a beer, cocktail, with the family or just for a casual, quick meal. I love the milkshakes and turkey burger which has brie cheese and apple. I cannot ever come without getting an order of the tator tots with their special sauce. This place is a winner!!
4	Man this place is great!  Great atmosphere friendly staff, oh yeah the food is good too! Endless burger combos and TATER TOTS!  Nothing like a good burger and a tall beer!oh and congrats on the top 25 best burger in the usa
5	We have been here twice in the past week and VERY pleased!!  If your server is tied up in something else, someone will come over and ask if they can get us anything while we wait.  Great team work!   My favorite is the Cantina burger- best bean burger I've ever had & I've met a few;)  Nachos are fantastic.  Chili is delish!!!  Drink specials every day and I love they serve tall boys!!  Highly recommended!!
4	Absolutely love this place! When I have a big burger craving - this is the number one choice.
5	Bad Daddy's is one of our favorite locations for lunch or dinner.  We've been several times since they opened in Ballantyne and we've never been disappointed.  The service is always great, attentive and very informative.  They have awesome daily special burgers and drinks.On a Friday or Saturday the place is usually pretty packed, and tonight was no different, but our server, Ashley, was FANTASTIC!  She was so attentive and helpful and made suggestions that were genuine and didn't feel "sales-y".  I usually do the build your own salad, but tonight I went with the Cantina burger (veggie) and it was awesome.  Hubs always gets the Western burger (buffalo) and he swears buy it.  Juicy, meaty and totally delicious.   My favorite appetizer is the fried pickles, but tonight we tried the homemade chips and pimento cheese and it was also awesome.  As we were paying the bill our server (Ashley) asked if we'd ever been in for breakfast and we said we hadn't.  She offered us a to-go menu and told us we should certainly check it out.  (And I'm sure we will)!I highly recommend Bad Daddy's for a work lunch, a lunch w/friends or a night out with the family.  Great atmosphere, excellent food and fantastic service.  Proud to call this franchise local and excited to see where it goes!
2	The ONLY thing saving this joint from 1 star is their tater tots.  When this Ballantyne location first opened, it was our go-to burger place for juicy burgers, great apps/sides and spiked shakes.  Apparently complacency has kicked in and the last three times we have been there have been a train wreck of overcooked burgers and indifferent service.  I used to meet a friend here pretty regularly, as it was a halfway point between our homes, and we would meet early, typically on a Friday just after they open.  I don't know if the wait staff drags at 11:00 in the morning or what, but empty drinks when there are only 3 or 4 other tables sat is ridiculous.  But they had enough energy to stand around in a pack around the POS machine and chit chat (I would think having lunch with someone in a military uniform would cause service to step it up - but from a generation that thinks the world owes them a trophy for participation, I guess not).  Two of the last three times, my burger was dry and overcooked - what happened to the juicy burger that was cooked as ordered?  The last spiked shake was poorly blended and had a puddle of vodka at the bottom - how do you screw up a milkshake?  The tater tots were perfect though, super crunchy and hot.  With the new wave of burger joints opening all over Charlotte, there is no reason to suffer through mediocre (at best) service and overcooked burgers.
4	Came in here since it was our first time in the Ballantyne area, but we've been to their other location on East Boulevard.  The Thursday drink special was pretty good - 20oz. for the price of a pint on any draught beer, with pretty good selections, not just the run of the mill american lagers.  The server (I forgot his name) was extremely helpful and made it a more positive experience.  I even told him personally that I enjoyed this visit versus the trip to the East Blvd location.  My wife and I split the Chicken Club burger w/ sweet potato fries and a small create-your-own salad.  The chicken club was well cooked with a nice sized portion of chicken, enough ham, and tasteful bacon.  A great alternative to the beef burgers even though they're known to be one of the best. The chicken club is more than enough for one person and the small salad is not enough for me.  Luckily we split the difference and was able to get a full balanced meal out of it.  And of course we couldn't leave without taking the salted caramel pretzel milkshake to go.  I'm addicted to desserts, so I couldn't stop slurping it on the way home.  I would come here again and bring others for the food, service, and specials!  Next time, I'll try a famous burger and that may provide the 5th star.
5	Went here for the first time.  Very friendly waitress who explained the whole concept to us. The side dishes were great. Quality of the food was note worthy. Wife got the lentil burger, which was a bit lacking in flavor. My burger with the fried bacon was very filling--but it did take away from the overall flavor of the burger.Will definitely comeback here... This and COWFISH are the best burgers in CLT (sorry, Liberty)
4	Good solid lunch at a decent price.  The build your own options give you a chance to make healthy choices and the wonderful sides answer the call for fried comfort food.  Not sure what the fuss about service is? Each time I've been during a busy lunch, the staff has handled everything proficiently. Sweet potato fries and black bean burger are a MUST TRY!!!
4	We've been here four times now, and I will say, I love the burgers. Momma Ricotta's Burger is SO GOOD! The house-made potato chips are amazing too! This is our go-to spot for great burgers, at decent prices.I would give this 5 stars, but the only drawback to this place is the service. It always starts strong, but peters out at the end. We only plan to go when we have time to sit and enjoy.
5	Our new favorite burger joint.  Had the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids with tater tots and could not finish it.  Burgers cooked medium rare are hard to find but they can do it here.  The house sauce, a combo of chipotle, mayo and bbq sauce is very good.  Service was fast and friendly and the food came out fairly fast as we went in the middle of Saturday lunch rush.  They also have a fair beer selection.  We did not try one but the spiked milk shakes looked interesting.
3	Went here last night with my boyfriend. Really cool atmosphere. Great beer selection. A little overpriced. SUPER GREASY.Seriously though - after I left, I felt like all my insides were coated with grease. I needed a shower immediately.Despite the grease, the burger was awesome! My burger was just topped with a fried egg and bacon and it went really well together.  The serving sizes were pretty big, I got a side of tater tots and hardly put a dent in the bowl considering I was full after a few bites of the burger.Neat place, tasty food, good beer... Just be prepared to wipe your mouth after every bite!
4	I ordered the Bad Ass burger and tater-tots. While the burger was slightly undercooked and the tater-tots were a little burnt, my meal was still very enjoyable. The flavor of the burger was excellent - I loved the idea of grounding up the bacon in the patty. All of the ingredients were fresh. I also enjoyed the decor and atmosphere. Overall, this is a very solid choice if you are looking for a decent gourmet burger.
4	I know this is a burger place but their Stella Greek chopped salad is amazing!!!!!! The burgers are to die for ...Love the Sam I am Long standing restaurant in Ballantyne and if you eat here you will see why
2	While I have to say the food in this place is consistently good, the service and prices leave me wondering why it is so popular. The last time we ate here, I ordered a fried pickle appetizer, which is around $7 on the menu, and received about 8 pieces in the basket. Our total bill (no alcohol) came to $80 (for a family of 5) which seems overpriced for burgers, no matter how good they are. The place is crowded, and the wait staff seems most interested in getting you out the door as quickly as possible, and not really providing good service. Again, no  issues with the food, but I think I will stick with 5-Guys from now on so I don't have to deal with a surly wait staff and an overpriced meal.
4	Tots.  Build your own Burger.  Badass burger.  I love Bad Daddy's burgers. This is a great place to grab lunch and have a really good loaded burger.  They're always made exactly how I like it.  Perfectly cooked.  And they serve tots!  The tots are crispy and delicious, and it's a large serving so I always take some home with me.  There are just a few things that Bad Daddy's is not a great place for... it's always loud in here.  No matter how many people are here, the voices just bounce off the walls, making any dining experience a bit hectic.  And if you go during meal times, there is almost always a wait. I'll be back though, time and time again for the Build your own (with avocado, bacon and pimento cheese!)  and the tots that are out of this world.  Nom Nom nom.
5	Great customer service, great food,clean restrooms.You can tell they use fresh ingredients!
4	My husband & I are big fans of their frenchie turkey burger as well as their sweet potato fries. The burger is not at all dry, which it seems is hard to come by in a turkey burger. We have never eaten inside, always take home so I can't speak to that. Their outside patio looks nice though!
3	I have been wanting to go to Bad Daddy's Burger Bar for some time now.  Every time I have had an opportunity to go it had been too crowded and ended up going somewhere else.  On this day, I timed it just right and was able to beat the lunch crowd.Atmosphere - Spacious, Noisy, Casual, Concrete, Corrugated Metal, On the verge of being a big chain feel.Service - Friendly, Attentive, Communicative, Well trained.Food - I opted for what's in the title of the restaurant and went with a burger...a basic burger, medium well, w/ grilled onions and a side of tater tots (maybe I am a 12 yr old).  The burger arrived after what started to seem like a long wait.  I noticed others where waiting too as the place was slammed.  Luckily, within minutes of noticing the length of my wait, I turned to see our order arriving.Let me start of by saying that my side of tater tots was more like a meal.  The portion of tots in the stainless steel bowl was huge!  I would almost say it was enough for two people to enjoy.  Unfortunately, while large in portion these tots were a little dry/ overcooked.  While disappointing, this was okay as it helped to prevent me from eating them all.  The burger looked good at first; however, upon reaching down to assemble it I was greeted with a soggy mess of a bun.  Half of the bottom bun was as wet as could be from, I assume, the grilled onions.  This could have been avoided if the onions were slightly tapped dry or the bun had been of a heartier nature.  I did a little bun surgery and was able to assemble the remnants into a form of a burger.  No ketchup or mustard was added as to avoid any additional moisture to an already fairly damp situation.  I guess I could have asked for a new bun...but...I was limited on time.  The burger tasted okay, as it was cooked as requested.  It was juicy without tasting greasy...but I missed my k&m flavors.Overall - It was a decent experience and I am willing to give BDBB another try...sans the grilled onions of course.
3	I've been to this location a handful of times. Overall it's ok. Stopped in last week and tried the buffalo chicken sandwich w/ a side of sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries are always a winner especially w/ the spicy sauce they serve up. The chicken sandwich, not bad. The chicken was tender and had decent spice for a buffalo chicken sandwich but it was served w/ a blue cheese crumble AND ranch dressing. That's a little strange to me. Shouldn't it be an either/or? I asked for the ranch on the side and it worked out well. Again, by no means a bad experience but when I look at just burgers or in this case a buffalo chicken sandwich, I've had better elsewhere.
4	i really love this place the burger are soo good. I normally get the chicken emillo that come wth gucamole .the waitress are super nice and  most meals are under 10 bucks. I just wish they give a little more fries but still love the place.
2	I was not wowed by this particular spot. My daughter thought  her hamburger was out of this world. My wife and I both felt differently. I think this place is just a little bit overpriced for what it is. If you overcook your sweet potato fries in old oil it makes me think what else are they not doing correctly.
4	Wow!  VERY GOOD!  These burgers are crazy good and the sweet potato fries are excellent.  The next time I'm in Charlotte I will go to Bad Daddy's again!
5	Great service. We had breakfast burgers & they were delicious. Burger was juicy & cooked perfect. The breakfast taters had too much onion & bell pepper for my taste but were fresh & hot. Can't wait to go back again.  Rio was my server & she did a terrific job!  Thanks!!
4	Awesome!  First time going but it definitely won't be my last. I had the Frenchie with a beef burger and onion rings and omg..what a combination! My friend got the shrimp burger and tots and loved it as well!
3	We have been there four times three at ballentyne once in dillworth. Twice during peak lunch and it was painfully slow. Food is pretty good I have had the badass and it lives up to the name. Today I made my own and it was good but very sloppy. My toppings were half on the burger half on the plate. So all in all it's a pretty good place but don't ever be in a hurry.
5	Wow!!!  Good chili.  Good fries!  Best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever tasted!!!This location is in the opposite side if town for us - hope there's one closer to home!!!
5	Emilio's chicken sandwich is the bomb!!  Their make-your-own salads are great.  The turkey burger is delicious.  Never had a bad meal here.
4	The always busy Bad Daddy's is a solid choice in the Ballentyne area. Good burgers including one of the best black bean burgers in town. The fried pickles are good... Not as good as Alexander Michaels but worth a try. I prefer the sweet potato fries to the regular ones. Also the buffalo burger is an interesting choice. Worth a try...
5	Fun family spot. Kids loved all the burger choices (and chicken items) and the salads were big and delicious for the adults. Later night and lively crowd makes ideal for going out when other restaurants are already dying down. We'll be back.
5	Had the Pittsburger tonight, it was great!  Also, you can create a salad with 7 different ingredients. Mine was really great also. This has the atmosphere of a local bar/restaurant with really good burgers.
5	We had a great time here. I love that you can completely customize your burgers and salads to your liking.The sweet potato fries were awesome. So good. I had a burger with mozzarella, tomato and a wheat bun while my husband had a chili burger. Super good place for burgers!Our service was really good too. It was late on a Thursday night, so they weren't busy, but our waiter was friendly and nice. She brought us a few beers to taste and our sweet potato fries out quickly (extra points because we were incredibly hungry).I'd never heard of this place before, though I think it's a chain? The inside is classic sports bar-ish with fun decor and good music.
4	We went here for lunch on Saturday and it was quite busy. Service was good but slightly delayed (I guess because they were busy ha!)I agree that their fries are over salted but the burgers are pretty good. Fried pickles are even better.We had a reservation since I figured it may be helpful to get in faster, it helped. So if you have a family of 4 or 5 and up call and make sure the have room specially if you are going here for lunch or dinner on a weekend.I should have taken picture of my food...maybe next time.
5	A few months ago I would have given then 4 stars but now you can order the shrimp burger any day of the week!  They have consistently good burgers that are messy and have flavor. Sweet potato fries are a great side and they have an excellent selection of local draft beer, though I wish they had better beer specials.  The shrimp burger is amazing and you should try one. They also have a burger special that can sometimes be good.  The reason I rate them so highly is that they also have an awesome breakfast.  Grits and biscuits here are dang good!
5	amazing!
4	Loved the fries and shakes ! friendly staff too!
5	Bad Daddy's has become a go-to place for us when we're not in the mood for cooking or hosting an out-of-town guest. I've tried many burgers around Charlotte, but my favorite is the Sam I Am Burger here. It is the one I order the most, but other favorites include the Bad Ass Burger, the Pittsburgher, and the Western Burger. I can't remember a time I've been that the burger wasn't cooked exactly how I ordered it (which is harder to find than you may imagine). We have also always received great service when at Bad Daddy's.
5	Great service, great ambiance, delicious food. Not too greasy. When they say they'll cook your burger Medium, you actually get a medium - slightly pink in middle. I always get a doggie bag - the portions are generous. Sat on the patio, music was a little louder than I'd prefer (had to hear at my old age).
5	Outstanding burger !Cooked medium rare and it was better than excepted!!! Fresh fruit as a side is a great option especially for a burger joint. My friend got a giant salad with grilled chicken which was cooked perfect. Service was spot on. My server was very attentive to our needs and the manager also check on us and thanked us! We will be back for sure!!!!!
5	I don't give out a lot of fives , but the manager went out of his way to make our meal great . I ordered there special Asian burger and isn't realize the slaw had coconut so it didn't sit well with me I never return my food but I was hungry and after a bite I new it wasn't for me , they were totally cool about it and got me whatever I wanted the manager made sure it was done fast and just what I wanted . I got a plain cheese burger and it was delish .  I highly recommend , and greatfull for good service .
5	awesome place, on my top 3 in Charlotte. great burgers, love the fries and sauce. Good beer good seating indoor and out. Very much recomend this place.
4	One of my first places I went to in Charlotte! I enjoyed my burger (so happy to find a place that temps burgers ie rear, med, well).  My burger was good, sweet potato fries were warm, not hot, but this tends to happen at a lot  of places. Bartender was really friendly and welcoming. He made suggestions and was helpful! I also treated myself to a spiked milkshake (so if I did have a heart attack, I would already be in heaven) soooo goood! I'm not sure what more I would need to make it a 5, maybe because I was comparing to an upscale burger chain Zin Burger (on the west coast )  Ballantyne location
5	In addition to "Thai lunch Monday," "Chicken Wing Tuesday", my friends and I also celebrate "Cheeseburger Friday." Simple and self-explanatory but just in case it is not clear... on Friday, we have cheeseburgers.This week, we chose the Ballantyne location of Bad Daddy's. Not that there's anything wrong with the Dilworth location except for the parking situation.We were seated inside after we arrived just after opening. A nice sunny day with a good breeze, it was perfect. Great service from a friendly waitress who kept my friend's water glass filled. I had a beer - Birdsong's Jalapeno Pale Ale. It was excellent.I took the waitress' recommendation for my burger and got the Pittsburger. It was awesome. Fully dressed with American cheese and topped with shoestring fries, it was a mouthful of cardiac arrest deliciousness. I ate the whole thing. And the excellent onion rings on the side.Not terribly expensive - maybe a bit much for lunch - but a very tasty and very filling meal. I wouldn't recommend it on a work day as I had to head home for a nap. Mmmm...
5	One of the best burger joints around. Burgers are a bit pricey but you get some amazing choices that I can't find anywhere else. I am always so super full when I leave the restaurant. I have never had bad service or had to send any of our food back. Bad Daddy's is one of my top spots in Ballantyne.
5	I do not think that it possible to have better customer service, other restaurants should come and study the business model.  The fact all the burgers are so customizable is great, I have never had a bad meal at the Ballantyne store.  The only thing is that I wish they would expand the dessert menu, though the options are good I love a decadent chocolate dessert. Please make this a place to go to. Oh, I forgot to mention the beer selection is worth a visit as well.
5	Love this place! We ordered banana pudding (first:-) and it was awesome. The build your own salad is the best in the city. Our waiter Bobby couldn't be better, friendly funny and attentive. This is definitely a must eat place in Ballantyne!
5	BEST veggie burger in town! Holy cow. Make sure to get it crispy though. I also usually get a custom side salad as my side and it is really the best side salad around. The ambience is fun and the service is good and fast.
4	Some of the burger sauces are strange. I like to stick to the basics when it comes to my burger but hands down the best fried pickles and sweet potato fries I've ever had.
5	Huge fan of their salads, probably the best in Charlotte! I would've rated 5 stars, but unfortunately most of the time it takes a long time to receive your food. You would think a salad would be easy to make, but then again it's super fresh. All in all it's definitely worth the wait! One recommendation is to get to know some of your frequent customers...I see the same face every time, but yet feel like I'm coming there for the first time. I usually dine at least once a week, they should definitely know me by now!
5	Bad Daddy's Burger Bar is AWESOME!!  Great atmosphere and totally yummy food.  Highly recommend the "Sam I Am" burger paired with the straw onion rings.   The banana pudding is insanely addictive.  Burgers are a little pricey but well worth every cent!!
5	This place is really awesome. All I can say is that any place that is confident enough in the quality of food they are cranking out to cook a burger Medium-rare  is an A++ in my book. I thought they had some delicious looking house burger but I made my own and was very  impressed. Excellent service.  I appreciated the fact they could accommodate a large  group of kids and adults that act like kids. I  would certainly check this place out and they have an excellent beverage selection at great prices.
5	To start off: the service at bad daddy's is great. If you have the luck to have Alexis as your waiter you can expect really good service. Many of my friends say that bad daddy's has the best burgers. Even though I don't share that opinion they still have really good ones. Their burgers are always really juicy. Trying the daily special is also something you won't regret.
5	Love it any day outside of Friday..... It's just too crazy busy and therefore slow to be worthwhile on Fridays. However, any other day of the week is great!! Hands down the best salads in south Charlotte (who knew)? Get the banana pudding for dessert!!! Waitstaff is always attentive (again, outside of Fridays) and thoughtful for those with small children. A family favorite for sure!
5	Amaze balls! This place is fricken ridiculous.  Great service. My husband and I came here late one night within an hour from closing. Our service was so great you would have thought we were our waitresses first customer. I got some crazy extraordinary chicken sandwich (on the menu-with avocado,etc) and my husband ordered the signature burger with bison. Both were scrumptious. I even tried their signature drink - dragonberry liquor concoction.... Stupidly yum.
4	Amazing veggie burger here. Really well run place.  The food is great, staff well trained and professional.
5	YUM YUM YUMMY-Mc-YUMM YUMMAlways delicious, great service, and there's OMB Copper on draft!Best Tip About this place: Get the Tots!!
5	This is my go-to burger joint in Charlotte. Their burgers are all very different and very delicious. Their meats are always cooked perfectly and their sauces are very very good. I've been to the Ballantye and Dilworth locations and I must say that both have really good service and the food is very consistent. And vegetarians have no fear, they have non-meat options. The cantina (black bean) burger here is amazing and you can sub it for any meat option or byob. Solid beer selection and there are plenty of tv's to watch the game.
5	Okay, I am not a big burger guy but I love this place. My favorite is the "Frenchie" (turkey burger) but I've tried several of their hamburgers and they were all fantastic. You can choose fries (regular or sweet potato), tater tots, or a variety of other sides. They also have a great beer menu. If you're not in the mood for a hamburger they have a wide variety of other menu items, my wife especially likes the salads. They also have amazing milk shakes that are large enough to share. The service is friendly and fast. If you want a great burger in a fun atmosphere with plenty of TVs definitely go here. Five Guys and SmashBurger are both really good but Bad Daddy's beats both by far.
5	Bad Daddy's is delicious. It is the best burger chain restaurant in the area that I have encountered as of yet. I like getting a burger with bacon and blue cheese. They cook my burger to a perfect medium and its never dried out. I especially like the side salad option and that you get to pick your own ingredients. It certainly is NOT one of those premade iceberg salad mixes like you get at some places. You get to choose between 4 greens (I get spinach) and then can add 7 additional ingredients. It has been too long since I have been by Bad Daddy's and I expect to be back real soon!
5	Always amazing. We went in with a group of 14 on our lunch break. Service was on point and food was delicious. People were planning their next trip before we even got back to the office. My personal favorite is the Sam I Am and crispy tater tots. Their Bad Daddys sauce is out of this world, and so good on both their burgers and sides!They also have tons of local craft beers, delicious  shakes, and breakfast on the weekends from 8am-11am. And before I forget the most important part, we received great service from the friendly hostess Tara, awesome servers, and hardworking management staff. I'm not just a returning customer, I'm a raving fan!
4	For a burger place, it's also a decent spot for breakfast.  Their biscuits are legit. If you order them you'll get two that are the size of a child's head. Light and fluffy on the inside like they should be. There are plenty of choices from make your own omelets to French Toast.  Highly recommend!
4	Gotta love the milkshakes here, love me some bad daddy's. Friendly staff and very convenient. Waitstaff accessible at all hours.
4	I'm not the biggest burger fan, which may be why I am hesitant to give five stars. That being said, their unique burger combinations are SO good and the burgers are always juicy. They have a great beer selection, and good Bloody Mary and mimosa specials on Saturdays and Sundays. Service has always been good. I wish there were more options than burgers and salads though, as you are slightly limited if you're not in the mood for a burger. But if that's the case you should probably not go to a burger joint! Have yet to try their breakfast, but am really looking forward to it!
5	Best burger in Charlotte. Awesome service. Great beer selection. They have buttermilk fried bacon, just sayin...
4	Great place and customer service. I ordered the Patty Melt and it was very tasty. The fires were a bit greasy, but manageable to say the least. The atmosphere was nice and location is certainly a plus. I'll return.
3	I had the BD All american burger. I was a good burger but the bun did not hold up. Not even half way through and the bottom bun was soggy and almost non existent. We went on a friday night but the service was still really slow.   25-30 for a medium rare burger.
2	I'm disappointed that they took the shrimp burger off of the regular menu but the bad ass burger was ok..the service was poor and the waitress was unattentive.. I will be back when the shrimp burger comes back...
