3	Great sushi at reasonable prices. Lots of menu options for those who are not into sushi. Good location
3	Great conversation areas with deep, sunken couches contribute to the loungey-vibe you get when you arrive at Sushi 101.  I'm not as adventurous as I once was when it comes to raw fish, so I generally stick to the rolls, and I haven't had a bad one yet.  With that said, this is not the same caliber of sushi you will find out of the city, say in HI, but it's fresh- It's just that something is missing...There's typically a sparse crowd, so I'm surprised it's stayed open as long as it has.  The service has been hit or miss on my last few visits, but I'm always pleasantly surprised to find great big stiff drink specials.  Get sauced and then walk over the boardwalk for some different scenery.
2	Pros- Located in a good location by the Boardwalk, beautiful and great for a night out or date night.Cons-Sushi rolls are tiny and not worth the price you pay for! If you want quality sushi; this isn't the place to go.
2	While Sushi 101 has good sushi and a really cool vibe, I would not recommend it. The service is consistently poor. I understand the occasional understaffed night with poor service but I have experienced this more times than I can even count. Living in the University area, you might be tempted to entertain the notion of Sushi 101 but I urge you to repress this urge. Drive about half an hour to Cornelius to experience Sushi At The Lake. If you are looking sushi to-go, give Sushi 101 a try. They also have good noodle bowls if you are a finicky eater and do not wish to partake in the sushi menu.
3	Ok where to start!! I love sushi but not from here..I always order tempura shrimp roll but something about theirs didn't taste right .the veggie tempura was the best I ever tasted..I just may give them a second chance so I can have more veggie tempura!!
4	Love love love this place. My fiance and I used to go here all the time. Too bad I don't live in Charlotte anymore. This was definitely one of my more favorite restaurants. The ambience inside is nice. The staff are friendly and I always get prompt service. The price is great, very affordable for college students since it's in the university area. It's in a great location too...on warm days, you can sig outside while overlooking the lake. My favorite: crispy California roll!
3	Not too much room to complain with their crazy martini specials ($2) and reasonably priced sushi.  It isn't where I go when I want super high quality sushi but it can feed my addition just A-OK.  The outside patio is just gorgeous.  It is a great spot to watch people walk around the boardwalk or watch paddle boaters on in the...pond..river?  Not sure, but it's water !  The service isn't outstanding.  Especially on nights where they have the great specials, the wait for drinks can get long.  That being said though, if you go in with plenty of time, and want a place that's easy on the wallet with a great view - give it a try!
3	Alright at best staff wasn't very helpful and food took along time for no one to be there...
4	As an out-of-towner, I cannot compare this restaurant to other sushi places in the area, especially as far as price is concerned. (About $25 for a generous sushi/sashimi combo). What I can say is that my dining experience was a very pleasant one. My server was affable and attentive, the sushi was good though not great, and the patio seating was absolutely wonderful. I would definitely come here again.
3	$1 sushi pieces. $1 beers on Tues. Wrap scallop with bacon and wrap asparagus with beef are awesome. Good sushi place for a quick sushi fix. I have tried some of their sushi rolls and dishes. Not a fan. Best ponzu sauce.
2	I went with a group of friends and was impressed with our meal, but not impressed with anything else.  Our calamari and tuna poke apps were completely delicious, reasonably portioned for the price, and really fresh.  I had some very nice nigiri, and my wife had a surf-and-turf roll.  All of our entrees were very good as well.  The service, although friendly, was unprofessional, disorganized, and very very slow.  Having been a server and bartender, I saw that they were understaffed, but there were only 5 tables in the entire restaurant.  Food came out helter-skelter, our drinks were empty quite a bit of the time, we were forced to ask several times for silverware, and we could hear several arguments between staff members.  To top it all off, we were charged an automatic gratuity on a party of 6.  I'll probably go back there because of it's location and the food, but I'll definitely be expecting poor service.
4	$1 pieces and $1 beers every Tues. Love it.
3	We decided to jump around the north Charlotte area and try out some sushi places. This was our first stop and was prob the best out of the four places we tried. It was a sunday late afternoon so it was slow and quiet, kinda how we like it. The staff was very friendly and the sushi was fresh and yummy. We enjoyed the setting at the boardwalk and went for a stroll after eating our rolls. No issues.. This place was A-OK.
4	Solid 4 here!  Great sushi!  Take a look a pic 9, that was my plate.  Great presentation and ultra fresh sushi.  Service with a smile, the staff did a great job handling a surprisingly large lunch crowd.  For 7 bucks, we got a spider roll and california roll.  The spider roll was soft shell crab, it was delish!
3	Good basic sushi.  Not alot of selection to choose from.  Good place if you just have a quick sushi craving.  However there are much better sushi places in Charlotte that will give you more selection and more for your money.  Nice atmosphere on the lake- making it a good date spot- especially during warm months.
3	The service is terrible and the sushi isn't good enough to compensate for it. Every time I have gone the order of at one of the people at the table was incorrect. The staff didn't check back but 3 times for the entire hour that we were there and I had to run my own food back because it was wrong. Even though it wrong twice, I gave up. It wasn't worth the hassle. I wouldn't go there if there were a decent place closer that I could talk my friends to change to because they still like going there for some reason...AMENDMENT: I have returned via the request of a close friend and the results were much improved. I found the food was better prepared and the service very friendly. Thanks for the improvement!
1	this place is a JOKE. Coming from someone who has had great sushi, this place is just...the pits. The roll I had was blegh; the portion was tiny; it was simply overpriced and it wasn't all that damn good. Most unauthentic place ever. Riddle me this: WHY would a sushi place just hand you FORKS to dine with!?!??! I know how to use chop sticks. AND THEN when I went to go use my chopsticks, they broke. Worthless piece of crap is a reflection of this restaurant. I'm disgusted.
4	I love a good beer special 1.50 yuengalengs are a great deal and the sushi is actually better then others have said. I wouldn't compare it to Ru sans or enzos but for a lower priced relaxed sushi place not bad at all. I wouldn't give it five stars based on the service. My server seemed ditzy forgetful and just plain dumb at times and it took her forever to get what i asked for other then that its a good place and i just had a bad waitress.
4	Went here right before closing and ordered some sushi.  The flavor was fine but the execution SUCKED.  Yeah, I know they were in a hurry and I know I walked in right before they closed but please take the time to roll the sushi and cut it evenly.  (If this is normal, no wonder people complain....I could roll sushi better than they did....) The service was a complete contrast to the preparation.  They were great!  Even though it was late, they were very accommodating.  service 5/5food:prep 2/5taste 4/5
3	The sushi tasted good and I was still healthy 24 hours later.  So, win, I guess?  This place is...passable.  The sushi is several notches above the grocery store and they have some interesting rolls.  You can even find a few without cream cheese (blasphemy, IMO) or chili sauce.  I will go here if I need to have a meal out in the University area, and it's nice to sit outside in the right season.  However, I went here for lunch the other day and the service sucked.  The waitress forgot part of everyone's order and had to be sent back several times to get forgotten or mistaken items.  Water and tea weren't refilled even though we were looking around thirstily.  The table we were seated at was wet and a little sticky.   Pretty sketchy...
1	Terrible customer service. I'm never going back there. My co-worker & I went there for lunch because we had a coupon. It was a buy one get one coupon. We repeatedly asked the waitress if we could use it & about what we could order. She assured us that we could use it. When it came time for the checks we were informed that we couldn't use the coupon because one of us got the special. There wasn't anything stated on the coupon saying that we couldn't do that. We decided to let that slide b/c they were going to still take half of one of our meals. Then they came back AGAIN & said they couldn't accept the coupon at all. In the end we had to both pay full price. They were extremely rude & not helpful. I guess they don't want us to come back. They obviously don't care about their customers. Plus the sushi wasn't all that great & we had to wait forever.
5	Alwayz great service. cool young wait staff and sushi couln't get better.
5	one dollar pieces....the salmon is the best in town...pillowy soft goodness.... i am obsessed!!! i also love the scallop/bacon skewers.
3	Sushi 101 can be very good with unusual yummy rolls and good service.  It can also be not so good with sushi rolled so loosely the fall apart and inconsistent counts (6 vs 8 pieces). I would go back and hope for the best.
1	I've given this place 3 chances and was disappointed every time! This is NOT good sushi! A classic California roll doesn't even have all 3 proper ingredients! This sushi is sub-par and they should've paid ME to eat it! The sushi was sloppy, poorly presented, falling apart, cut unevenly!  I won't be back! 3 strikes and you're out!!!!
4	I love this place.  It's in the University Area on the boardwalk so it's a great place to come, walk and shop, then stop in for a bite to eat.  I have two favorite spots to sit when I come here.  One is outside on the patio overlooking the water, but only when it's nice outside.  The second is on the big comfortable black leather couches.  Each couch can hold three people easily with more than enough elbow room to spare.I brought the "BF" here.  Well it was kinda a set up.  I really wanted some Sweet Potatoe Yakitori and this shopping center has a Michael's Craft so I told him that I needed some glue dots for class and this way we can be conviently here to stop in and grab a bite...so glad this worked :)He ordered the Beef Ribs which we could hear sizziling from behind the counter.  It came witha side of white rice and a sald.  I ended up eating the salad b/c it had a ginger based dressing on top and he really couldn't get into it...but to me it was delicious!  I should start out by saying that we also ordered an appitizer; can't remember the name but it was sweet peppers, stuffed with cream cheese and crab meat, and then deep fried; served with a sweet and sour sauce.  OMG!  These were so good, will definitley have to try these again.  I ordered my Sweet Potatoe Yakitori, which is sliced sweet potatoes and flashed fried in tempura batter; served with a brown sauce.  If you've never had these...try it.  Their good but also a great way not to over eat since sweet potatoe  is full of fiber and will fill you up quickly and at $3.00 you really can't beat it.  I also ordered a fried California Roll and a Southpark Maki which is shrimp, crab snow pea salad, and cucumber.  We were stuffed and I was pretty surprised that the BF took a liking to the Sweet Potatoe Yakitori and even tried on of my Fried California Rolls :)I've been here multiple times and the food to me is always consistently on point!
1	10 minutes at our table with no acknowledgement from the wait staff - not even an "i'll be with you in a moment". One of those experiences that will never be repeated - at least not at this place since we won't be back. Major fail on a basic of the business.
1	After  coming to this restaurant periodically  because it has fairly decent sushi ( not great but  better than most in this area),  we finally have to admit to ourselves it has gone way down hill -- especially the service .   We went there  mid-afternoon yesterday and  the waitress took our drink order. Well, first she  said "welcome to THE NAME OF ANOTHER PLACE!".     After a considerable wait (there were only six other people there at that hour), she came back to take our order. I asked where our drinks were and she apologized. People want at least water while they are looking at the menu. Anyway, she brings me regular tea when I ordered GREEN tea -- hello, it's a Japanese restaurant.   I could see our order up at the sushi counter   and she didn't even go up to check on it.  The sushi chef kept ringing the bell for her. I almost wanted to go up and get it myself.  She brings  the first part of our order and then she brings my companion's  - -he ordered mackerel and she brought him tuna!  It's as if she never worked in an Asian restaurant before!   Last, but not least, she brings us our check  and didn't even ask if we wanted anything else. We did but at that point, we gave up, paid the bill, and left.  WORST SERVICE EVER!!! Not going back.
1	Nice location but this was some of the worst sushi I have ever had. I called in an order at 445 on a fri. The woman who answered the phone was very pleasant, even when I got there as well. I ordered a shrimp tempura, spider and cali roll.  The rice for all of my rolls was HOT. When I got home I had to put my whole dish into the fridge to chill it down a bit. Moreover, half of my rolls were poorly made and falling apart. The place was EMPTY when I arrived so I know that it wasn't a matter of time or short- staffed. Harris teeter serves better sushi to be honest.
5	This is my spot to relax, drink hot sake and eat a roll of sushi after work. This restaurant is Vietnamese owned and is very clean. The pho is good but the portions are relatively small. The service is great.
3	The food was pretty good, the service was mediocre, and my vodka tonic seemed to be devoid of vodka.
4	Love their house salad with ginger dressing. The dressing is on point. Whenever family comes in town this is where I take them. Great view, good friendly service and food is always very good. Best sushi in university area.
5	Very affordable and delicious. I came to dine in between the lunch and dinner hour around 3 pm & has the Philly Roll & the Crunchy California Roll - simply delicious! Great laid back atmosphere, clean and orderly with excellent service from wait staff. Sushi chef is friendly and entertaining. Great product for the money. I spent less than $15 & walked away VERY happy & hunger sated.
2	I have had better sushi and at more affordable price. I just wanted to try something near my house. But the food is good and if you have the view its good.
2	The sushi was ok but on the pricey side. The service was extremely slow. Although we had a large group (8 people) it took us 2 hours to have lunch.
4	Being a waitress myself, I know how much it sucks for customers to come in last minute but my coworkers and I did just that. We came in 10 minutes before closing because we were starving and had sushi cravings and the servers were so nice. They didn't give us any attitude or any dirty looks and didn't even rush us. Ninja roll is definitely my favorite. I will definitely be back and not when they're about to close
1	When my friend and I first walked in we noticed food and a little trash on the floor.  Well, I figured a large group left out and they hadn't got to it yet.  While we were standing there waiting to be taken to our table, I watched the greeter clean out table off then she sat us at the table....which was wet.  I don't mean wet, I mean wet like she didn't wring the cloth out.  Fish eggs were scattered on the table and my seat.  One of the seat had a puddle of water in it.  I then attempted to fetch a rag to do what she thought she did and another staff member asked if he could help me so I told him about our disappointment.  Well, he told the same person and she kinda fixed it...of course she left fish eggs on the table.....of course.  The waitress did not know the menu...of course!  Of course she didn't!  The food was mmmm ok.  The wasabi looked beat up and while we were eating the kitchen staff began bringing out the days trash THROUGH the dining area!  I asked my friends if they had a back door at their homes, and they advised that they did.  Of course!  Of course they have a back door....so Sushi 101 why not use yours.  Tell a manager....I figure he/she's running the joint and surely they see what I'm seeing.  Attitude reflects leadership.....
1	Terrible, terrible service. Waited 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. The place looked messy with dirty tables that were not cleared. Rag was laying on the table with a spray bottle next to our table. The light fixture above us was dirty and debris was literally falling on us while we sat there. Waitress forgot about us several times. Asked for things. Never got them. Didn't even acknowledge that she had not brought things to the table. Owner seemed to be present, but only worried about tending to the drawer. While we were there another couple who had been waiting got up and left. We should have done the same. In the end we wasted $60 and will not return. The food was mediocre. The teriyaki had no flavor and was bland. One positive. They use romaine in the salad, not iceberg lettuce.
3	How are you out of tofu for the miso soup? Ugh! The sushi is a little on the pricey side (at least a dollar more per roll than similar places) but it's the only sushi spot on the boardwalk so I've been here more times than was warranted by the quality of the sushi.
2	I've given the place several tries and I'm disappointed and underwhelmed every time.If you order a basic roll i.e. spicy tuna or California roll you're safe, but their specialty rolls are a no go! Last time I visited with a friend we ordered two basic rolls and two specialty rolls. The ingredients in the specialty were unrecognizable!  The salmon was a blood red color and there was something in one of the rolls that looked like liver...still not sure what it was suppose to be! We actually sent our food back and went to Chick-fil-a. If you must eat here keep your order simple.
4	The food is good. The service is hit or miss. If it's nice enough to eat on the patio, the pond and swans and ducks are decent entertainment to distract from the less than stellar service that inevitably happens outside. Lots of vegetarian sushi roll options, including a TEMPURA VEGETABLE ROLL that has onions, carrots, green peppers, broccoli and mushrooms. I order tempura onion only and it's amazing; like a bunch of onion rings inside the rice roll. Their VEGETABLE FRIED RICE is also nice. Lots of veggies included. SPICY TUNA ROLL contained a mashed paste of tuna instead of a nice chopped fish. Bit of a turnoff. The rice was nicely done this time. I've had sushi rolls here before where the rice is too mushy as well. This time the rice was right. EEL NIGIRI was good; as expected.
1	Never again will I go back to this Sushi 101. I went for lunch, the manager seated me and I waited 20 minutes JUST for someone to take down what I wanted to drink. I watched waitresses seat other people, clean tables, tend to other customers but not once asked me what I wanted to drink. Finally a waitress asks me what I want to drink, she brings it to me and walks right away. So after waiting 20 minutes for a drink nobody asks what I want to eat? So I go to the manager and ask him if anyone is going to ask me what I would like to eat, he tells the same exact waitress and she comes over to me at the second and takes my order, rudely might I add. When I get my food she asks if I need anything, I didnt even have napkins at my table so she goes and gets the napkins and throws them at me. At that point I politely walked out. I have always been a Sushi 101 fan but no longer at this location. No wonder the owner sold this location, its trash! NEVER AGAIN!!
2	Ridiculously slow service where we were honestly just going to leave.  Once it finally came out the sushi was so-so at best.  I'd never go back.
1	Everything was pretty terrible. The sushi was overpriced,cheap quality, and not tasty at all. Needless to say I won't be going back. The service was the worst! My food took forever even though there were only 2 tables other than mine. I wanted to order another till but she never asked and just randomly brought my check. They brought me one water the whole time I was there. My throat was super dry as I was eating and my server was nowhere to be found. In the bathroom they had ran out of soap and paper towels. You're better off buying Harris teeter sushi than coming here.
3	The prices are reasonable and the food is above average. With you of the lake is nice also. I have however consistently found be sushi rice to be mushy
4	I'm not sure what's with the low rating for.  Myself coming from a city that has sushi restaurant in every corner battling for who has the best sushi , this place was not so bad.   I ordered the  cold sushimi here . It came out, the colors on it is good and it's firm.  Definitely can tell that it's not prepackaged like some of the sushi restaurant in the area.   I have not tried any of the rolls here but I would come back and try something different.   I'm giving this place a 4.
2	I had already heard about this place from a friend. They weren't good things. So I didn't eat there till now though it's been years since my wife and I started going to Boardwalk Billy's and Lengs which are just across a small bridge.The lady serving us was nice and polite. He mudslide I ordered and the spring roll app was okay too. But the problem was the Crispy tuna roll. The roll had a good size chunk of tuna but it didn't taste good to me. I know sushi. I'm sure it could have been the guy who was on shift.And then the interior. It was not exaxtly what we are used to. It looks more like a Pho place. Price was reasonable. The tuna role was under $10, and the mudslide was $5 and some cents. So it wasn't bad.That's my review. Hope it helps!
2	The positives: the dirty martinis were good and service was good.The negatives: sushi. It was pretty tasteless. And the restaurant was almost completely empty on a Sunday night at 7pm.
3	Not as good, as used to be. When they changed from Sushi 101 their food has changed for the worse. They have pictures on their menu, and letters for u to pick from for your meal. Got real cheesy
5	Great spot for sushi lovers!!!!  Good service, fresh sushi cooked or raw.  The best thing is their prices.  It's a cute date spot as well.
2	Average place, slightly overpriced- would go back, but wouldn't seek it again.
4	Loved this place, the food tastes good and especially the hospitality was there with a welcome from the waiters. Location is also nice to have food with your loved ones.
2	They have changed from 101 and so has the quality.  Hate it because I loved the location.
