5	The question, of course, is: What do you order at a place named U.S. Egg? A hamburger, right? Right.  In doing so, you'll get to devour one of the best burgers to be found in downtown Scottsdale.The second version of this two-store operation (the first is in Tempe) offers terrific breakfast and lunch grub at reasonable prices. I've had the eggs and all that. They're good, too. And, I suspect, most people come for breakfast rather than lunch. But if you're steering your car into the neighboring Red Lobster or Olive Garden, or, for goodness sake, Denny's to stuff yourself full of corporate crap, stop. Do yourself a favor and pull into the U.S. Egg. Or do other people a favor and park in the Red Lobster/Olive Garden lot and go to U.S. Egg. Perhaps the lot will, with your help, fill up and terrible eating disasters will be avoided.Anyway, U.S. Egg has burgers, sandwiches, eggs, pancakes and all that stuff. They're open everyday until 2:30 p.m. Seating was speedy as was the friendly, helpful service during our visit. The atmosphere is mellow and the two-seat booths offer a coziness not found at other joints. It's easy to overlook this place, for whatever reason. Stick it in the back of your mind and try it out someday. I think you'll be happy you did.* You'll find the menu, hours, addresses and other such information on the website.
4	After reading Brian's review of this place, it makes me want to go back and try a burger. Predictably, I stuck with my instinct when I went to U.S. Egg and got . . . eggs. I know, I know. Not very original. But, for the record, it was the Eggs Benedict, actually. And they hit the spot. The setup was Denny's-esque and we almost felt like we were in a cubicle as we ate breakfast. So, that wasn't good. Our server was friendly but it looked like her section had atleast twelve tables in it and it was busy so she barely had time to breathe. The breakfast was tasty, despite the bleak setup, and it worked effectively as a good hangover buster on that weekend morning. I'll be back in there sometime soon, I'm sure.
4	This place should be 4 1/2 stars.  Service very fast but sincere and patient.  The protein pancakes are as good of a pancake as there is.  It's a cakier pancake with blueberries and granola on wheat flour.  You can order the pancakes only, or you can upgrade your eggs and pancake special to include the protein pancake. The eggs are perfectly cooked.  It's convenient to get to and it put a big smile on my face as even during lunch hours, it, thank god, serves breakfast.  The interior is a tan colored minimalist look but with an American theme that has this interesting blown up map of the United States.  Bathrooms are clean also.The only thing that prevents this place from being five stars is that  the coffee isn't eye opening.  If they serve Starbucks Coffee or something stronger or comparable, there will be no better breakfast place than it.  But in this part of the US, the good American Breakfast joint is ubiquitous.
5	Love this place.  Family owned since 1991 it says on the menu, and a nice clean place with some outdoor seating too.  Almost too clean, but I guess it's better to be that way than too dirty.I had the Texas Omlette with Chili that was a good option.  Add a bit of Tabasco for kick and it's perfect.  Sitting outside under the deck and read the New York Times - was not rushed, but service was also attentive.Good local joint for breakfast!
4	Solid brunch place!  Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot! Even though I had a pretty plain item - pancakes, eggs, and potatoes, it was all very good.  Highly recommend the protein pancakes, which have oats and blueberries! They were super delicious, and had a nice, fluffy, texture.Even though I was the only person who ordered ice tea, they brought a whole pitcher so I could refill at my every whim, which was often, because Arizona is friggin DRY and I wasn't used to it!Minus one star because there's nothing extraordinary on the menu (no unique specials or anything), but everything was delciious.
4	You're sure to see the hungover Scottsdale crowd that you ran into the night before at US Egg on most weekend days. The restaurant is usually PACKED from 9 a.m. to Noon, but the food is worth the wait. I love the Chalet French Toast and Protein Pancakes. The staff is friendly. And since they give you small glasses filled with soft drinks, they'll usually give you a pitcher so you can refill your own drinks. The Egg, as I like to call it, is also a celebrity hot spot. Barry Bonds, Ice Cube and his wife Coco and Joe Rogan have all stopped in for breakfast at this yummy eatery.
5	Wow. This is the best breakfast pre-race, post-race and remembering I used to race place! We were in town for that Ironman and ate here no less than 3 times in about 5 days. Delicious and hearty breakfasts. The servers were all really fast and friendly and i even saw one of them volunteering on race day! I think my husband would consider this the best pancake he's put in his mouth. I think they were called Power Pancakes or something.  The eggs/omelets are also very tasty. The only downfall I see is that we don't have this place at home.
4	U.S. Egg has been a family favorite for years (Tempe location).  It isn't somewhere to go for a gourmet meal, but for high quality American breakfast food, it's a winner.  The wait staff is always great about substitutions, the guys (owners) at the front are charming and the food comes out quickly.  I am an egg white omelet girl, but my parents love the protein pancakes that are full of granola and blueberries.
4	OMG the protien pancakes get 5 stars. They are amazing. I also like that they have healthy menu options and totally sinful menu options too.The rest of the food is pretty good. 4 stars.
4	Standing like a paragon of virtue in a sea of decadence, U.S. Egg's Scottsdale's location is place of redemption, both for your soul and your appetite. Open only for breakfast and lunch, the restaurant attracts as diverse a clientele as the 'dale itself. This is not somewhere that relies on being a tourist trap: some locals are known to eat here daily.Its location is slightly outside the Old Town Pale, but still within walking distance unless it's the height of summer. Secondly, it has its own parking lot, making it as accessible as Denny's or a Marie Callendars. Nevertheless the lot is often full on weekend mornings, and you will definitely see people waiting. unless you arrive very early or late. There is both an outdoor patio seating area and a large indoor dining room.Having gone numerous times alone, I am always impressed how quickly I am seated. No bias against tables for one here. The servers are all personable and graceful...yet not self-aggrandizing. This is not a Michelin four-star restaurant however, and you should not expect being waited on hand and foot. Given the volume of service, it's also commendable how few mistakes are made and how prompt everything is.The food is also excellent. Although you can order both lunch or breakfast, I tend to crave the latter more. There's plenty of variety on the menu and they have both innovative dishes and old staples. This helps to explain why the uber-fab Scottsdale club kids patronize this place just as much as the Cadillac set. Prices are very reasonable for Scottsdale, though perhaps too much for a dirt-poor college student or person living only on Social Security.The building also capitalizes on Arizona's sunny weather with high ceilings and plenty of windows...causing plenty of light to splash in and helping to evoke that sense of morning and freshness. There's plenty of ambient noise as a result...but it's almost reassuring. Not to mention that the hearing-aid crowd and club crawlers may be too deaf to notice.U.S. Egg is not flawless, however. From a cost point of view, the restaurant has to contend with the fact that breakfast is usually the cheapest meal of the day. Without a dinner menu though to recoup cost, diners have to grin and bear any perceived cost imbalance from say  Denny's. Neverthless it's still worth it, in my opinion. The other shortcoming stems from the food. Different dishes often rely on the same sides. If you get sick of their potatoes for example, you can be really out of luck despite ordering something different every time. Moreover their signature dishes again may not impress truly demandng foodies.While it may not cure your hangover (or incontinence), U.S. Egg remains firmly on the map for locals. Managing to please all of Scottsdale is a tall order, and the owners, managers, and staff all should stand tall and be proud.
4	A sign of a good breakfast joint is a long wait to sit down. This place is pretty standard and basic - giant lofty room with wooden benches, glass plates, cheap flatware, chipped coffee mugs and your own coffee themos carafe to pour your own coffee. This place is standard and generic in every way - and that's a good thing. They take a formula that works everywhere and they run with it. The food is fantastic - some of the fluffiest scrambled eggs I've ever eaten actually... tasty bacon... yummy protein pancakes. The staff is great too - chipper and polite and cute. This place is a well-oiled machine doing one thing very well. The prices are pretty reasonable and even though we were 7th down on the list to wait - we were told it would only be 10 minutes and it was. Efficient, tasty, and reliable.As a side note - perhaps one of the best parts about this place is that it's not the Breakfast Club and you don't have to look like you just went to the club... non-pretentious breakfast. Yum.
4	For a great, slightly greasy American breakfast, there's nothing better than US Egg. Sure,the tables are sometimes sticky, the menu (and the mural of America) is a little ,and there's often a short wait to get a table. But the food (especially the Jack and Avocado omelet - yum!) is great, the prices are reasonable, and the servers are always friendly. And even though there is often a line, they never rush you to finish your coffee.Also, the Scottsdale US Egg is a great people-watching venue. Whether you're an ASU student grabbing a post-church bite to eat with your parents, or a gal out with your friends after a Camelback hike, or a slightly hungover woman wearing last night's halter top, sitting across from a some guy  you met last night-- and you can't quite remember his name -- US Egg will hit the spot.
5	Goodness gracious alive, do I ever love this place.I head out to U.S. Egg a couple of Sundays a month with my roomie and her pops.  We are seated speedily, and any number of leggy beauties are at our beck and call for the entirety of our stay.  The owner is gracious, and the waitresses are perpetually smiling.  The vibe is light.The clientele runs from old folks to hipsters to the hangover crowd.  The menu has quite a bit to choose from, but I always have the spinach florentine (try it; i promise you won't regret it).   I've heard tell that the veggie benedict and eggs over easy are remarkable, as well.  Servers leave a pitcher of ice cold water with us as we eat--they don't pester us or rush us or hint that we need to leave, even when our conversations run long.  I can't think of a better place to get breakfast.
5	I love this place. Both Tempe & Scottsdale locations. We are always greeted warmly, seated promptly, and the wait staff is perfect. I love that they leave a pitcher of water and a carafe of coffee. I also love that they dont freak out when I want two bacon strips & two sausage links.
4	I go here for lunch every few weeks, the food and service are always good. When I walk in I am usually greeted by the owner(I think), and seated right away. They make decent coffee, and keep your cup full. The half sandwich and salad lunch special is a really good deal, the sandwich is huge and you get a lot of salad. I also enjoy the skillets as well as the breakfast sandwich. The wait staff is attentive and always very friendly. I am a regular here, and don not see that changing any time soon.
4	We can only catch this place on the weekend, they close by 2 and sometimes there is a wait, but every time we have gone, the food has been excellent. You can order the food the way you like, requesting egg whites, no tomato, whatever you need to rearrange the omelette's or other choices to your taste and the food comes promptly. Large menu which also has lunch items and combos, not just breakfast fare. Nice fruit plate, options for Vegetarians, Omnivores and Carnivores. The wait staff is pretty attentive, keeps up on refills and smiles. The price is about where good breakfast food is these days, this isn't a 99cent breakfast slam, it's approximately 8 bucks per choice, other things are a la cart so it's really simple to get what you like. I got the California Benedict, with just right amounts of canadian bacon, avocado, hollandaise and english muffin. The potatoes weren't burnt or raw, and I could season them myself. Other people got spinach florentine, frittata, steak and eggs, protein platter. Serving size is just right, for the lighter eater, might be a little left over.They can split checks when you ask. Parking lot is decent sized, but this place is popular. My advice is visit around 8:30am. You'll beat the crowd and be very happy.
4	U.S. Egg, I christen thee with my first Phoenix area four star rating.  How could I have forgotten about you.  Definitely a breakfast place worth waiting for.  Corn beef hash.  mmmmm
5	good grub and fast.  me and my wife have been there like 5 times and each time it is always great.
4	You will walk away stuffed.  And since the food tastes pretty darn good, it'll make sense as you drive away barely able to breathe.I have never seen so many egg-based dishes.  There must be something like 3,000 to the 8th power dishes to choose from.Service is very friendly and responsive.  I wish there was a U.S. Egg in the bay area...
5	My friends and I made it to U.S. Egg yesterday for brunch.  This place was absolutely bustling!Luckily, our wait was great -- only 10 minutes.  This gave us time to go over the sizable menu.I had the Sonora Breakfast burrito.  It was SO freakin' good!  Lots of chorizo -- which was surprising, because that seems to be the first thing they skimp on.  It also had peppers, eggs, and several other very yummy things.  It came with potatoes that were really good too.My friends got one of the veggie frittatas, and thought it was fabulous.Our waitress was sweet, chatty, and very helpful.  The only thing that wasn't great was the coffee -- it was just OK.This is one of those places that should become a weekend routine!
3	Here we have a very unfortunate situation: 5 Star Food.. 2 - 3 Star Service The "hosts" at the front were really unfriendly /unwelcoming and when Julia T asked where the bike rack was, they just stared at here like she had just thrown down a cardboard box and was breakin like she was an Electric Boogaloo. We sat out on the patio, which was lovely, until a group of women were seated next to us. I think they forgot to shower and decided that they should overload themselves with perfume. We were literally gagging throughout our meal. Obviously not US EGG's fault, but it made for a worse time. I was debating a hot skillet and the protein pancakes and I almost ordered both until I happened to see the half-and-half. It was like heaven shone a light right onto this menu for me and created exactly what I wanted. Perfect! My food was perfect. My two dining partners, however, received limp, soggy bacon. Nobody wants limp, soggy bacon... so Max makes mention and asks for more bacon. The lady actually charged him as a side, despite the fact that his original bacon was inedible. Um, Wha?!? When she brought the bill he disputed it and she got it removed, but it never should have been there in the first place. Finally, the bathrooms there are not good. They smell bad and there were paper towels laying all over the place. I hate a dirty bathroom. I will give this location another chance, but I will sit inside. If the service still bites, I will just go to the location on Baseline because I cannot stay away from the protein pancakes for too long!!
4	Great Breakfast food...expecially the skillets.Consistent style and portions...I really like the chicken, bacon, avocado skillet. However, I'm not a big fan of the coffee...i think it's quite bitter. but they have fresh squezzed O.J....and great whole grain pancakes.
5	There are good breakfasts, and then there are the type that make you wonder what the hell you've been eating up until that point.  US Egg in Scottsdale made that type of impression on me.  Walking in, one might think that it was little more than a Denny's wannabe on steroids.  The place has the look of trendy/family style cooking.  It came off a little crowded which means one of two things, the food is really good, or the place that is merely convenient and cheap.Service was prompt.  The waitress asked for my drink order, and coffee and water were everything I needed.  She came back quickly with a pitcher of both, that she left on my table, a nice touch for those who are addicted to either...which I am.Open only during breakfast and lunch, the menu caters mostly to that, with the breakfast menu dominated by, you guessed it, eggs.  Feeling rather adventurous, I went the chicken embryo route.  The Triple Play is basically eggs, four slices of a breakfast meat (bacon or sausage) and wheat pancakes.  I almost ordered that, but saw that you can upgrade the pancakes to protein pancakes.  My curiosity was sparked, and I read that they were pancakes with cinnamon, granola and blueberries.  It sounded good enough, so I went for the upgrade....and thank God that I did.Once the food got there I was immediately intrigued by what lie before me.  Two eggs, four slice of bacon and two golden brown pancakes.  First I went to the eggs.  If this meal is going to be any good, and they can live up to their name, these were going to be good.  Upon first taste, I knew that the rest of the meal was going to be great.  The eggs where cooked perfectly, and were even seasoned with salt and pepper.  The bacon was honestly cooked, not over done, but not limp and undercooked.  Dare I say, it was perfect.  I ate with delight, but my eyes couldn't get off the protein pancakes.  Soon enough, I was there, fork in hand, thinking I knew what I was in for...I had no clue what my taste buds had in store for them.The cinnamon was perfect in it's seasoning, no too much by any means.  The granola, which I was skeptical about from the very beginning, but was proven wrong for such thoughts.  They were a different flavor and texture, that helped take the pancakes to new heights, and the blueberries weren't bad either.  But these pancakes were like nothing I've ever had before, a complete orgasm for the senses.To say that this was the best breakfast of my life would be overstating.  I would say that it was definitely in the top three of my all time breakfast meals.  I would recommend US Egg, and was definitely urge whoever goes there to get the protein pancakes, they are worth the trip.
5	the breakfast are of course egg-ceptional. except i never get the eggs. the protein pancakes.....so freaking good and belly filling. and healthy except i usually douse them in syrup, but so what. great friendly and quick staff. very affordable.
4	2 words....protein pancakes. These pancakes are amazing! They are made with blueberries and some other things including almonds. They have a taste of cinnamon also. Their eggs and skillets are usually pretty good too, but every time I go I have to get the protein pancakes. I have never had to wait for a table, but I typically go pretty early for breakfast. The service has also always been good, never had a complaint about it. It is definitely one of my favorite places to go for breakfast.
1	I was looking for a good idea for breakfast in my South Scottsdale neighborhood, and just could not pass by the 27 good reviews of US Egg in good conscience without relaying my very different experience - one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. I usually like US Egg but had never been to this location until about 6-8 weeks ago. A friend and I were running around doing errands and decided to stop for a quick bite what turned out to be about 13 minutes before closing. We asked if they were still serving, the answer from the host was yes, of course and were shown to our table. I made a quick run to the ladies' room while my friend ordered coffee and got menus. And it was when I returned to the table that things began their nose-dive.  Evidently our waitress had dropped off the menus and told my friend that we needed to hurry and order, and actually expressed annoyance that I was in the ladies room. Hmm. At this point I gave US Egg the benefit of the doubt. People don't actually say things like that! But when the waitress came to take our order, she was clearly annoyed. So much so, I asked if it was too late to get a meal, told her we'd asked at the door when we arrived. She said we'd have to hurry but they were still open. I chalked it up to her being tired at the end of her work day. We ordered immediately, and breakfast arrived quickly. The food was a disaster: coffee was cold, the eggs were not cooked, the veggies were not edible, the hollandaise was out of a can or other container and had been microwaved or something, still retaining the shape of the container (read not warmed enough). Just thinking about it now, makes me shudder. Honestly, I could not eat it. I tried. We were hungry. While we "ate" someone came over to our area and mopped the floor with some very strong smelling cleaning solution. OMG. There was no one else sitting around us. We did not get coffee refills. The waitress left the building. And we had to flag someone else down who was clearly annoyed to have to bring coffee and the bill. She saw that we had not eaten and offered a container, but we declined. A good opportunity to point out the raw broccoli and jellied hollandaise and said we did not want to take it with us, it was not a good meal at all, and we'd wished that they had simply told us no, they could not serve us at the door. She shrugged.  The host/manager sat at a table near the door reading one of the free newspapers from the rack near the door, appearing to be killing time, waiting to close, unaware of what was happening. We did not complain. The problem was with multiple personnel, including him. No one - host, two waitresses, cook(s) and floor clean-up guy took any pride in their work or showed any sign of "welcoming" us into their establishment. Instead of being so rude and wasting our time and thiers, they should have politely asked us to come back another time when we came in the door. That would have been fine.  We could not wait to get out of there. I left a minimal tip (I was not going to let them decide my response to their bad behavior). I paused at the door looking back at our table. I was amazed to see that there were at least 3 other tables of people eating, so we were certainly not the last lingering guests. The manager never even looked up from his reading and we walked right by him. On the way to the car I swore to myself that I'd find and write a letter to the *owner* but never did. More wasted time. We were just never going back. Ugh. This was one of the most "inhospitable" hospitality experiences I've ever had. I fully expected the restaurant to be closed by now. And instead, I see positive reviews? Bewildering.
4	I wanted something light when I went here with friends recently so I ordered the fruit plate. This fruit plate was GINORMOUS -- nice!  It seriously lasted me for a few days. Besides giving a thumbs up on the portions of my meal, our server was really friendly. Next time I go I'm definitely gonna go for protein pancakes.
2	Food here is less than mediocre..  My guess is that people come here just to get some food in their stomach.  Obviously it can't be for taste or the quality of the food.  The best part of breakfast was the coffee which was nice and strong.My scrambled eggs were pretty bad and you can tell it was made from the carton stuff.  And the bacon??  It was cooked beyond recognition and broke into little pieces when I attempted to eat it.  No kidding..  The sausages were just OK, nothing spectacular.  Like I said, the coffee was good but it doesn't make up for the tasteless food and the STEEP prices.  I think we spent close to $25 for breakfast and the whole time I kept thinking we should have gone to Denny's across the street.
3	Went their for a team-building breakfast the other day. It's been a little while since I set foot in here. As far as a breakfast/brunchery place, it'll probably hit the spot for most people. They have decent portions, decent prices and a vast selection of menu items. There is just a few things I would like to see homemade. Their corn beef hash is straight out of a can, their country gravy is straight out of a bag. If I remember correctly it's mixed with 3 qts. cold water, then added to 1 qt boiling water, and SHAZAAM! you have instant country gravy (I'd like to thank my first cooking job at Flying J for leaving that bit of knowledge in my head. )Any way, the service is pretty good. We were there on a weekday, so business wasn't that bad. But I remember coming here on a Saturday years ago and the poor staff just got pummeled. So I give this place an average rating with food that will please most. They seem to be in business for quantity over quality.
5	I debated on a 5 vs a 4 for this place. To be honest though, everything pointed to a 5, I was just bitter that I had to wait for my breakfast after everyone else was eating. But, they did smooth it all over and I was a happy camper once it came. This place became our breakfast of choice based on proximity to the ballpark and great yelp reviews. Some friends joined us for breakfast, coming all the way from Surprise. We just ventured on down from North Scottsdale. This place did have that chain breakfast feel to it, but the menu seemed to set it apart from the rest.It was a Sunday morning, and as expected, there was a wait. We had a larger than average party, with 7. The weather was not bad, so we waited out front and just chatted. The wait was about 30 minutes and we ended up being seated on the patio. I think we would have preferred inside, but there were heaters and it ended up being just fine. Our orders varied from egg dishes to protein pancakes, biscuts and gravy to a side of eggs. Overall everyone was very happy. The biscuits and gravy folks were quite happy. The best option price wise on that actually seemed to be a side of biscuits and gravy. It was only one biscuit but it was inexpensive and then you can order a muffin or side of eggs and keep even our pickiest young eater happy. SG enjoyed his omelette and bacon. I LOVED my protein pancakes. They have granola in them. Absolutely delicious! I was upset initially that everyone else was served (including two other protein pancake orders) and that they had not made mine to serve at the same time. But, to smooth it over, they brought me a plate of fresh fruit and the manager even came over later to apologize personally. I think this place does it right. The food is good, the service is both good and respectful, and the setting is great (especially for a baseball game.) ***** A little sneaky fact, the dirt parking lot across the street is FREE and you can park there and walk the 3 blocks to the ballpark. No hunting around for parking and reading all the signs to make sure that you will not get a ticket. Just leave us a spot when we are there....
3	US Egg is a place I can count on for Sunday brunch near home when I don't feel like waiting at Breakfast Joynt or dealing with the crowds / tough parking at LGO... and I don't want anything fancy - just good 'ol breakfast food!I've never had to wait at US Egg, and they always deliver exactly what I'm in the mood for whether it be oatmeal, protein pancakes, fruit, or an omelette.  I went today with Sarah P (all the way from MSP) in between running errands to get ready for the OYE.  I had an egg white omelette with cheese, spinach and mushrooms, an english muffin, and sliced tomato.  Sarah had what US Egg calls "the border." It's an open faced omelette with spicy chorizo, onions, Monterey jack and cheddar cheese topped with salsa, and sour cream.  Served with warm tortilla and potatoes.  We were both happy with our orders.Service was attentive and fast - just what I was looking for.When you're looking for a no-nonsense breakfast, head over to US Egg.  They serve lunch too, but I recommend going for breakfast - no matter what time of day!
4	In my fairly short experience I have found that my favorite pregancy food is wheat pancakes.  How did I find this out?  A friend brought me here for breakfast the other day and those plain wheat pancakes took me through the day (2 meals) and erased my nagging sickness.  Any meal that can nuke the puke is good by me so I'll definitely be backIn general the food is good (excellent bacon, just the right amount of done) and the fresh oj hit the spot.  They even accomodated my friend's young daughter and made her the strawberry pancakes in kid form so we didn't have to pay the $9 for the adult ones.
3	Everyone kept raving about how great this place is so I dragged a friend of mine out Sat am for breakfast with me. I've def had better. Food was ok but nothing special. The potatoes could have used to been cooked a bit longer so they were a little crispier. But honestly, same thing different place. Nothing really stood out as better to me than the next place. I felt like the place was crowded too. The seating that is. Not just because of all the people in there. Ample parking, average prices, friendly staff.
3	I heart the 'Protein Pancake!' Typical breakfast goodness. Big plus-- being a soda connoisseur, their unending flow of diet coke is worthy of cracking any one's hangover!
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch. I really like the low carb menu. Friendly staff. Get there early as there can usually be a long line because of the great food.
5	Excellent breakfast, and that pan cake was out of this world!
2	Mediocre service and sub-par food quality.  I'd rather make my own breakfast than go here.  If you're committed to having someone else scramble your eggs go to a nicer place that focuses more on quality rather than quantity...seriously this place is huge and you won't really enjoy yourself.  I know I didn't.There are plenty of other places to go in the immediate area...I just really don't think this place is getting into a car and driving for.
5	this was our first breakfast hit-up since we moved back, and gotta say it again....the protein pancakes are still da bomb. so lucious, cruchy yet soft, sweet yet salty, healthy but so much syrup...mmmm! go at an off time or you'll be knocking elbows with the elderly.
3	We had a solid experience here with both the food and service.Had the Santa Fe skillet and I *almost* wanted to ask them for some hollandaise sauce to pour on top, but my heart was telling me "DEAR GOD NOOOO."The Lady had the spinach omelette, which was also very tasty.What I probably liked the most about the place was that they provided a pitcher of Arnold Palmer at the table so that I could drink to my heart's content.  Even at the end of the meal, I was offered a to-go cup for the remaining drink.  That was awesome.Is there any place around here that has a BLT with avocado and some green pepper sauce?  I guess taht'd make it a "BLAT" or something.... either way I wanna try one.
4	The hash browns were like cubed french fries. I liked them. The food was good. There was a slice of an orange on my plate. I thought it was a garnish of some sort or was to be used to squirt the juice on the food but she told me to eat it. I thought it was weird to have just one slice of orange and grapefruit on a plate. They give patrons a pitcher of coffee to drink even if you order only one cup. I gave myself 3 refills. There was a little tray of cream to get the coffee on track. The breakfast sandwich was about the same as it would anywhere else. Breakfast food is hard to mess up. The waitress was solid and I thought this place was pretty cool.
4	I'm not a huge pancake fan.  They have to be really good for me to eat them.  Today, I found a pancake I love!  The protein pancakes are great!  All U.S. Egg's pancakes are made with whole wheat but the protein pancakes also pack in granola and almond slivers.  It sounds too grainy but it's not.  They are SO wonderful.  I also love that they bring you a pitcher of iced water and a carafe of coffee.  I hate when waitresses refill my coffee to soon and mess up my "blend" of cream and sugar.  I also hate when I can't get anyone to fill my cup.  So, this was a nice perk (ha, pun intended).  This place has a great variety at reasonable prices.  I'll definitely come back here the next time I visit Scottsdale.
4	It wasn't until my second visit here that I realized this place is not The Good Egg, hahahaaaOk...so I may have called in sick one day from work because I needed a "me" day and started it off with U.S. Egg.  What a brilliant idea suggested by my gentleman caller.  I ordered the Horn of Plenty Omelet and yes it was!  I just can't seem to order anything but omelets.  I love all the diced veggies, cheese and yummy egg.  I sampled some of his blueberry pancakes and washed it down with coffee and OJ.  It just doesn't get any better than that!  The service was great and the wait was short (but it was a work day).  *I did go back on a weekend and the wait was not bad.Side note:  I still have not tried the Good Egg but it's on the list.
4	Stopped by here with my girlfriend before driving out to LA. The protein pancakes were delicious, and the eatery had a nice homely vibe to it. However, the huge depiction of the United States on one of their walls is a cheap simplification at best..
3	it is true that the protein pancakes here are good, but overall this is just an average, "big box" place for brunch.  nothing bad, just nothing especially good about it either.
4	Protein pancakes... NOTHING else needs to be said! INCREDIBLE!
3	This one is a solid 3. Don't get me wrong, we enjoyed our protein pancakes and scramble just as much as the next Joe...but we haven't been back to US Egg since we went a few months ago, and you're talking to two of the biggest breakfast fans out there. If your looking for a safe, tried and true breakfast place that won't let you down, but won't blow your socks off either, then give Us Egg a shot. They've definitely got some good choices of food on the menu, but somehow this place just didn't hold our attention like some other breakfast spots have. I mean, even there name is so generic and blah..US Egg... how original is that? I think this is definitely a few steps above Denny's, but being a step or two above Denny's is not a very hard thing to accomplish. They should maybe start striving to be a few steps above Denny's and then maybe it will be worth making a second trip back.
5	Mmmmm the U.S. Egg is absolute greatness, what Denny's could be if it only tried a lot harder. Get the protein pancakes. Even if you don't necessarily want protein pancakes at that time, get them, take them home, put em in the fridge and then eat small pieces of them throughout the day. They're absolutely wonderful. The Border skillet is also a winner--great chorizo and salsa. Have heard the Eggs Benedict are great. Delightful place. Obviously fills up fast on weekend mornings but have never suffered through too long of a wait. Service has always been pleasant. Prices are reasonable enough.
5	The most friendly service, beautiful waitresses, and the food was amazing. We were in n out in less then 30 min! Prompt to service. Food was made fast and tasted delicious. I got the hawk-eye egg white omelet and it was very filling! My buddy's got the skillet and they couldn't even finish it! Everything amazing and tasty. WILL come back when i am back in Arizona.
5	The US Egg is my weekend breakfast stop. It's a rare weekend that I don't eat there at least once. My go-to breakfast would be a half order of protein pancakes (a full order is two pancakes and they're HUGE) with bananas and blueberries and a side order of scrambled eggs. I'm also a big fan of the breakfast burrito (without meat). It comes with eggs, potatoes, veggies, cheese and salsa. It's big enough to split into two meals, or to share with your friends. In fact, most of the meals at US Egg are large enough to share, and at a cost of $0.99 an egg, I like to add a side of scrambled eggs to make sure everyone leaves with a full belly!One potential mis-step is that their menu appears to limit the available options. Most meals can be completely customized (sub meat for veggies, sub chicken for sausage, etc...). The possibilities are endless.There's also a great patio which is perfect on a quiet Sunday morning when cars aren't speeding down Scottsdale Road yet.
4	I always get the names of US Egg and The Good Egg mixed up. The food, however, is not to be confused. US Egg is a step above the quickly served breakfast diner style of Good Egg. If you go on weekend, expect a wait. They have a pretty quick turnover, so it's nothing painful. US Egg is filled with a mix of families and Scottsdale-ites decked out in oversized sunglasses and dresses and affliction t-shirts from the night before. I wish I lived closer so I could visit more often and enjoy those famous protein pancakes. I was expecting healthy with an element of bland and chalky... completely wrong. They have a great grainy texture and a delicious cinnamon flavor.
5	A great place. The service was excellent even with a large table. Protein pancakes are amazing.
3	Pros - delicious protein pancakesCons - coffee was weak, Cajun skillet lacked boldness associated with Cajun food (chicken was not spiced), waffles were softI prefer Good Egg for their egg benedicts or Butterfields for their doughy goods, but I have to admit the protein pancake at US Egg, traditionally dry elsewhere, was super delicious with plenty of blueberries and granola.
4	I really wanted to go to Over Easy when I was near Phoenix (saw it on Drivers, Drive Ins and Dives) but was really disappointed when I found out they closed at 1130..I mean, wtf!However, I'm very very happy that we didn't go to Over Easy because this place probably is so much better!  When my friends and I went here on a Sunday morning, surprisingly it was not that crowded.  We were seated right away and I was very pleased.  But, when I looked at my nasty dirty cup for water, I was like..ewww.  What else do they not clean???Luckily for them, their food was bomb.  I got the Veggie Frittata plate.  Their servings are huge and I was pretty full even before halfway of my food being eaten.  The prices were okay, regular breakfast place prices...about $8 per plate?  There were a lot of things to chose from so that's always a plus.  By the end of my meal I was like, what dirty cup???
4	Really enjoyed this breakfast joint. It reminded me alot of the good egg. The prices were reasonable, the portions were huge, and the quality was very good. The power pancakes were excellent, and quite different from any other pancake that I've had. The server was very courteous as well. Definitely a repeater.
4	I had the half and half so I can get the famous protein pancakes. My girlfriend had the Turkey sausage with scramble eggs and English muffin.  the protein pancakes were delcious. The service was fast, I must say they do very well with handling crowd getting people seated.
5	I'm not typically a breakfast kind of guy, but occasionally I get a craving for breakfast foods. Whenever I get this craving, U.S. Egg is my go-to place. The half-and-half breakfast is the best of both worlds, you get a great egg and potato skillet plus their awesome protein pancakes.
4	Protein pancakes....get half order...special protein waffle...both really good.  I thought service was fine for a breakfast joint. I would encourage one of the owners who seated us to smile once in a while because he looked mean and or pissed off.  On the other hand, they were getting rid of their silk plants (which I hate in any restaurant) for some other decor...good on ya.  I will return for the pancakes.
4	I had the protein pancakes but instead my waitress suggested I substitute blueberries for chocolate chips they were sooo good! This place was a lot of fun the staff was very friendly too. You also get a good amount of food for the prices. I'd go again for sure! This place was great!
4	I love breakfast foods. It's easy to make pancakes, eggs, and bacon at home, but it's fun to go out every once in a while and get something different. I love their whole wheat pancakes. I got strawberry pancakes with eggs and bacon with orange juice. The strawberries were delicious, and they topped the pancakes with lots of whipped cream. Amazing. They also have protein pancakes.My boyfriend did mention that the coffee wasn't great, but compared to a similar breakfast restaurant (ahem, The Good Egg), it wasn't good there, either. So he didn't hold it against them. He had blueberry pancakes with eggs and bacon and he loved it. Even so far as to say that the food was better, albeit more expensive at U.S. Egg.Also, for a Saturday morning/early afternoon, we were seated right away and our food came out super quickly. All around great service as well.  I will always come back, but not as often as I'd like because our bill was $24. Ouch! Only giving it 4/5 stars because it's more expensive than the competitors. If I could, I'd give it 4.5! :)
3	The Boyfriend raved (and apparently the restaurant itself raves) about its famous protein pancakes, so, of course, we had to go!We went around 11:30am on a Monday morning it was a long weekend) and they place was less than half full. We were seated promptly and drinks orders taken. The server was great about coming back and getting our food orders in a timely manner as well.We ordered coffee, protein pancakes, the arizona frittata, and a side of biscuits and gravy.Coffee was good. Just good ol' plain coffee, so I can't complain.The arizona frittata included mushrooms, onions, peppers, and spinach with sour cream on top and a side of salsa all a la egg. It was good, after you put generous amounts of salt and pepper on it, but The Boyfriend still thought it was a bit bland. The biscuits and gravy were good, no complaints.Now onto the important stuff: protein pancakes!The order comes as 2 extra large pancakes that have lots of blueberries and crunchy granola in every bite. I was surprised that the pancakes were so tasty, especially since it's healthy (bleh :P)! The crunchy granola gave them an extra kick because it was a different texture and I'd was rather have bits of crunch in my pancakes than mushy oatmeal-like oats. Anyway, if I ever go again, I'm just ordering the protein pancakes!BTW, the pancakes were so big, we were only able to finish one, so I brought the second one home to the Bay Area and my dad ate it within a day!
4	I've been going to US Egg for about five years, and over that time the food has remained consistently great.  Their menu is large and is a good mix of the healthy and the, well, less healthy.The protein pancakes are their signature dish, and although I'm not sure I believe the low "net carbs" they describe on the menu, they are still really tasty and very unique.I've had a variety of omelettes and scrambles here and I really like them all.  But most of the time I order the half-and-half which is a plate of a smaller portion of protein pancakes and a dish of their homefries mixed with veggies meats or cheese (there are a couple of options) with an egg on top.  I always have them add a second egg to get the egg-meat-cheese-potato balance just right.It can be crowded on the weekend, especially during spring training and typical busy tourist times.  The prices are very reasonable and the portions are big.
4	Been to the Egg countless times.  It is consistently good. I must add that my review is based solely on breakfast food as i've never ventured to the lunch side of the menu. I love those protein pancakes and have yet to meet a person who didn't thoroughly enjoy them. Since i am a fan of savory foods at breakfast, lately i get the Half & Half. This way i get 2 good-sized protein pancakes and half of a scramble. The sausage & bacon scramble is good as well as the chicken & avocado scramble. Their breakfast potatoes are yummy, i like mine with syrup! Its great hangover food and you can usually get a table within about 10 minutes. The service is consistently good here and food is out so quick, which is prob why the wait times are low. It does get busy on wknds after 10am, so be prepared for crowds waiting.
4	I had brunch here with a friend a couple weeks ago. It was a great breakfast spot! I had the protein pancakes and some egg whites on the side! Soooo yummy! Our server was friendly and the manager came over and chatted a bit too. Nice place, old school coffee mugs that you almost wish had hot cocoa and marshmallows instead of coffee in 'em! My friend had one of the omelets with potatoes, needless to say she was busy eating rather than participating in the conversation! I'll definitely be back! Good choices for someone trying to stay on a healthier track... as long as you have the strength to choose accordingly! I'll definitely be back!
5	I love US Egg.  The Protein Pancakes are awesome.  I put the Protein pancakes in the Triple Play, it comes with Eggs and Bacon.  Good way to start the day.  Friendly staff and the owners all ways are there to greet and say hello.
4	Great tasting food, and great environment! Was visiting Scottsdale and was looking for somewhere for breakfast on Yelp, and remembered seeing this place on my way up the night before. Got there (it was around noon), and was immediately sat and the staff was very helpful. Staff consisted of cute 20-something girls, which was an added... ahemmmm... bonus? Anyhow, got the US Egg cheesesteak sandwich which was awesome,  and my friend got one of the skillet items which was equally tastey. All with drinks for about $28 with tax and tip. Would love to do it again!
4	First of all, let me say, my wife and I love this place.  It's our local go-to spot for breakfast or brunch.  However, if you go anytime before 11am, expect to wait a solid 15 minutes or so for a table.  They're busy, because they're popular, but they also staff the restaurant well, so the wait isn't as long as it could be if it weren't staffed as well.  The servers aren't overly friendly or conversational, but I think that goes back to the fact that they are so busy in the mornings.  I give them a pass because the food and prices are so legit.Without fail, my wife and I always order the Protein Pancakes with a side of eggs.  We don't typically get into ruts like that, because we like to try new things, but you CAN'T beat these pancakes!  Try them.  You're welcome.
5	I love this place for breakfast.  Everything I have ever ordered has been good.  I normally stick to my Eggs Benedict (I get the California style w/ avocado and tomato) and call it good.  But here I have tried the breakfast burrito, the whole wheat pancakes, the protein pancakes, the huevos rancheros, the veggie omlette, chocolate chip pancakes, and it was all good!  Yeserday I saw they have a pumpkin pancake, I think I'll wait for the holiday spirit to hit me before I try that one, but I'm sure it will be awsome.  If I had to gripe, I wish they had a bar for mimosa's and Bloody Mary's, but I should probably cut down on my morning drinking anyway.
3	I would've given this place a higher review but I just couldn't. I was seated right away which was nice. My waitress was great. Everything was fine until I received my order. I had the protein pancakes that I've read so much about in the other reviews and they were really good. Problem was that as I was cutting into the pancake it was raw. I couldn't grab the attention of my waitress so I waved over another girl. I told her that it wasn't cooked all the way and asked if I could have another. She apologized and took my plate away. Before she left she turned to me and said "So you want them cooked well done?". I almost laughed but I saw that she was dead serious. With as straight of a face as possible I said "yes please". What I wanted to say was that I wasn't aware that pancakes came any other way. I would go back again but I would make sure to cut into the middle of the pancake first!
5	I have been eating here for 15 years and the food is better and better every time. I was so lucky. The restaurant opened up after hours to host my rehearsal dinner for my wedding. They customized menus and even had gluten free selections for me. We really wanted breakfast under the stars and the whole crew made that possible. The food was amazing. The service was impeccable. The care and concern everyone put forth will be treasured. We were so pleased with everything that we returned to the US Egg on Wednesday for breakfast (Tempe Location). No matter what location you are at, you will have a great meal, service and experience. I highly recommend US Egg. You can't go wrong with the protein cakes, skillets, and more. Thanks Gebran for amazing me! We are so fortunate you agreed to do so much for us. May your kindness be returned 10 fold.
3	This place is just alright.Prior to my sister's graduation, we stopped at US Egg, so my sister can grab breakfast with her classmates. When we were seated, there was still a pitcher of water, from the previous party, along with some trash that sat there for a good 10 minutes, before someone cleaned it off.Not long after the table was cleaned off, our waitress quickly got our drinks and food ordered. But, when the food was delivered, the main server directed the other server to put a plate of food in front of mom, but she gives it to my dad instead and just walked away, leaving our poor waitress to make the switch.Food portions are huge, so well worth your bang for your buck. I loved my cornbeef and hash dish. Unfortunately, a few of the staff's customer service skills could use some improvement.
3	I love breakfast. The food here is really good; I just wish the service lived up to how good the food was. Our waitress never told us her name and was nonexistent throughout the meal. I also ordered a side of sourdough toast and never received it. I ordered the eggs benedict, like always, and I wasn't disappointed. My friend ordered a blueberry muffin that was by far one of the best muffins I've ever had. My other friend wanted to substitute something for eggs in her meal and the waitress refused to work with her and basically just told her she couldn't. The least she could have done was ask a manager first. I'd eat here again just because the food was good, but I'd hope the service was better next time.
5	Food was best breakfast we have had - Half and Half with Protein Pancakes and omelet is best thing on menu!   Service was eggcellent!  We wanted to go back the next day to have another breakfast there before we left town.
3	I tried US Egg for the first time last month and have been back several times. The menu is a mix bag with some really good items (like the Protein Pancakes, Biscuits and Gravy and BLT Sandwich) and some not so good items, like any omelet covered in one of US Egg's horrible sauces.  AVOID the "sauces"at  ALL COSTS!   Generally, I order extra sauce, but the Hollandaise, Cajun, and "Gentleman Jim's" sauces are pretty gross.  The "Cajun" sauce is the worst.  A weirdly flavored, brown-tan mess, with bits of gum-chewy mushrooms.  Yuck.    The hosts and wait staff go out of their way to be friendly.  The bright, airy dinning room is nice, and relaxing. Order coffee or tea and get a whole pot.  I appreciate the quick service and consistency (even the sauce is consistently bad!) and they never glass (or mug) run dry, without refilling whatever you are drinking.  Prices are reasonable.
5	I ate here on consecutive days early in the morning.  US Egg opens at 6:30 AM.  The charming hostess cheerfully greeted me the first day and the owner greeted me the next day.I ordered the wonderful french toast the first day and was greeted with the wonderful smell of cinnamon on top of the perfectly prepared breakfast.  The hostess and the waitress came by to check to see how I was doing.I ordered the traditional breakfast the next day consisting of two eggs over easy, four sausages, potatoes and an English muffin.  I will come here again, maybe for lunch.
4	A straightforward breakfast restaurant executed very well. Menu is everything you would expect, they do have some 'Arizona Mexican' options such as Sonoran Burrito and Green Chili and Chorizo Omelette. Pancakes are deliciousness, I really like the protein and blueberry. Sometimes when I go I want an espresso drink, but they only have coffee. I've been here a bunch, and definitely prefer it over chain places like IHOP, Denny's, Village Inn, etc.
1	Everything that is bad about a breakfast place in one spot!1) Overpriced...2 eggs, toast &  sausage for my mom and I had a pumpkin waffle for a total bill of $22 + oh we did have coffee too. That seems like a lot to me.2) The food was cold and the waitress never came by to ask how it was so we could not tell her about it.  What was worse was that she was "training" some new girl.  Good luck with that.3) When we flagged her down to comment on the cold food we were 75% finished so what was the point.  I saw her talk to the manager about it, but nothing was done.  She offered to replace it, but I don't want more cold food.4) When we left the manager who was told about our cold food was the one who checked us out, never asked how it was since he didn't want to hear about the complaint...can you say "CHICKEN SHIT?"Save your self some money and headaches and just go to Denny's get twice as much food for half the $$...
3	I really enjoyed my waffles with blueberries.  They said fresh blueberries but mine looked really small and dark (as if they had been defrosted).  Maybe I'm spoiled by the huge NJ blueberries.  Anyway, my waffles tasted fine with the berries (whatever they were).  The coffee was good too.
4	I have to rave about this place....Not only are the portions HUGE, but the food is absolutely delicious.The boyfriend and I split the Hawkeye omelette, which has chicken, avocado, bacon, and melty cheese all in  fluffy omelette pillow.Not only did this save us money, but we were still stuffed. I can't wait to go back!
3	I give this place a solid three stars...it was a pretty typical breakfast place, nothing special.  I had the vege skillet which was ok except some of the potatoes were undercooked and some overcooked...GF had eggs Benedict an the eggs were over done as well.  Hollandaise needed more lemon:  I would eat there again but it's not  the best breakfast I have ever had!
5	Breakfast here before a long drive from Scottsdale to Sacramento. Had the US Egg sandwich which was very good. Thick bacon and a lot of cheese. Very clean restaurant and restrooms. "Sam" our waitress was very good!
4	US Egg is one of my favorite "typical" breakfast places -- nothing fancy with standard breakfast foods. If you have a hankering for pancakes, you must have the protein and blueberry cakes! The skillets are very good as well. I like that the owners are always visible, and friendly. I definitely prefer a local spot over a chain, even if I have to wait a little longer for a table.
3	I've always had good service here, unlike the Tempe location. I've never had to wait and the food is always fresh and yummy. Also... totally saw Dan Majerle waiting for a table there once.
3	I don't know why this place have 4 stars but I guess some people like their eggs, bread and pancakes served lukewarm...For me, this place is best at 3 stars just to be nice. I'm sorry for all those U.S egg fans out there but I take my breakfast seriously. My breakfast better be hot or you will get a very grump attitude from me! I thought hot breakfast should be a no brainer?? Unfortunately, I guess I have to request it to be hot and fresh out of the pan and not to expect that a place that serve solidly on breakfast should know any better. Oh I am sorry you don't serve solidly on breakfast?? Then you probably should take the word eggs out because you don't take your eggs seriously! Serve it hot or don't serve it at all!!!
3	The food was good, and our server and her trainee were very nice and helpful.  But the food was just good (which deserved 4 stars) but the manager seemed more interested in talking to the hostess than smiling at customers or asking them how they're doing as he walked by.  It's a chain, what should I expect?
4	Great breakfast restaurant just south of Old Scottsdale. Good service. Average $8 entry...$6 for 2 eggs. potato and english muffin
3	Service was a little slow.  Coffee not the best.  Great menu - plenty of choices. The food was fantastic.  Go for the Idaho Skillet.
4	Come here every year when I'm in Scottsdale for Spring Training. After a night of drinking and sporting a huge hangover this place saves me every time. The portions are huge  and the service is quick and friendly. Sometimes there's a long wait to get in though. It's a painful walk here from the hotel, but I leave with a skip in my step to Scottsdale Stadium
4	Just LOVE the PROTEIN PANCAKES with Extra Blueberries!!!!......The place is always packed, but has plenty of staff to handle the crowds!  Been there 6-9 times  and they have a wonderfully stocked menu of choices.....
4	oh man, that protein pancake is ah-mazing...i am not huge on pancakes in general, nor sweet items for breakfast, but this dish I would gladly order again and again.  it's perfectly balanced and delicious.the group shared a protein pancake bc apparently we haven't lived if we do not know it's greatness...SO glad we got one.  in addition to trying the pancake, we all ordered regular/traditional breakfast food.  i had the california benedict, and it was pretty average/standard.  definitely give the protein pancake a whirl if you're curious... i am going to attempt to recreate those pancakes for sure.  fellow Yelpers, any tips/recipes are welcome!
4	Good food, well prepared and with excellent service. As a breakfast place this is hard to beat. We found our orders to really hit the spot after a long trip. The restaurant was busy on a Sunday morning but the anticipated wait was perfectly estimated by the host. As others have noted, the prices are a bit high, but probablyin line with the Scottsdale area.
2	U.S. Egg seems to be the poor man's version of The Good Egg.  Similar decor, similar ambiance, similar menu, but the food just can't compare.  Mind you, it's not bad and beats the hell out of Denny's, but it's closer to a  2-star experience than a 4-star experience.  My eggs were overcooked,  the service was mediocre, and during spring training the place is packed with Giants fans (not the reason for the 2-star review, I'm just saying).
4	I've been to this U.S. Egg three or four times. The service is good, the food quality good, and the portions adequate, but I find the prices a little high. $9 for one egg/sausage sandwich with a small bowl of cottage cheese is pricey. The same price for a fruit plate, but they bring you half a melon (you cut it yourself). I'd rather half half the food they put on my plate for half the price. You can't take home and reheat eggs so it's stuff it all in or waste it.The wait line can be unbearably long on weekend mornings. So long that one time we walked across the street to Denny's instead of waiting in line at U.S. Egg.But, I'll have to say that this is one of my  first choices of sit down and wait to be served places to have brunch so I know I'll be back.
5	I have driven by US Eggs several times on my way in or out of Old Town Scottsdale.  US Eggs has to have one of the tallest buildings I have ever seen for a restaurant.  One morning, I decided to give it a shot.  I did a little research on Yelp, and I saw that people enjoyed the protein pancakes.  I eat quite a bit of protein supplements, so I was wondering if they somehow infused whey protein powder into the pancake batter.  It actually has fresh blueberries, cinnamon, and almonds.  I think the batter had whole grain wheat.  I decided to go with the half and half, which gave me 2 mini protein pancakes (humongous) and an Idaho Skillet that came with potatoes, your choice of 1 egg, and a type of sauce such as Cajun spices, Santa Fe, or various other assortments.  Each of my friends got the same dish, but with different skillet sauces.  We enjoyed the Cajun, Santa Fe, and chicken avocado.The best part of the experience is that you definitely get your money's worth.  If you ever have a hard workout or are extremely hungry, come to US Eggs for a power-packed breakfast.
2	The atmosphere was clean and bright, which I appreciate for a breakfast joint. I would say the food...well, it fell short. I ordered the blueberry pancakes, bacon, and fruit plate. The pancakes were tasty but a little bland, even with syrup. The fruit plate looked a little old and the bacon was dry, perhaps baked instead of fried. Also, the food wasn't that hot, which was sort of gross. Overall, I'd give it another shot and pick something else, but if it's still disappointing, I'd move on.
4	Always a pleasure to eat here. Friendly service and great breakfast. I'll continue to make this one of my breakfast destinations.
4	Wow... time flies when you're having fun.  I just realized I haven't updated my review for U.S. Egg in over two years, so the below is long overdue.  And just because I'm feeling creative today, here's a little something I wrote in honor of U.S. Egg:U - ultimate place to go for a delicious breakfastS - super friendly staffE - eggs, pancakes, waffles, and so much more!G - giant portionsG - grateful... that's how I feel about having this place so close to home!I was reminded of how much I enjoy this place after our delightful breakfast this morning.  There was a less than five minute wait to sit down, but the hostess brought me an OJ while I waited which made me very happy!  Once seated, our waitress came over to help us navigate the menu... it had been awhile since our last visit.  Per her recommendation, I went with a half order of the blueberry whole wheat pancakes and a side of egg whites.  A half order is plenty for one person fyi - it comes with a pancake as big as your plate!  It was delicious! J had coffee and a 2 egg breakfast with english muffin and hashbrowns. I love that they leave a pitcher of water and a carafe of coffee at your table... and fyi this place has plenty of lunch options as well.  If you're looking for a casual place that is consistently good, head over to U.S. Egg... I have to remember to do so more often!
1	1. coffee warm, not hot.2. Both of us ordered potatoes crispy; one came regular and one well done - had to send back.3. GLASS IN WAFFLE when i bit into it!!!!!!Credited this breakfast, not the coffee, ruined our breakfast, should have credited the $18.00.  Glass in the waffle!  At least they acknowledged that something broke in the kitchen.
4	Great Breakfast! They even leave water and a coffee pot at your table. They had new hash brown potatoes today. The old one were like fried chips. The new ones are 100% better love them. As for the protein pancake a must try it's great.
4	What great place to come for a quick breakfast!  I must admit when we pulled up I saw few people waiting outside and thought and told my husband that I didn't want to go in cause there looks like a line.  But he convinced me that we should just go in.  We walked in and the hostess told us it would be 5-10 minutes I surprised how fast they seated us.  There was soo much to choose from on the menu, but I am such a simple girl I just wanted to egg, bacon, and potatoes, and that's what I got! And the Decaf wasn't too bad either!The real reason why I chose to eat here was because I read Gabi M's review who is the community manager of Scottsdale/PHX area.  The funniest thing is that just as we got our coffee a guy walked by and I noticed that it was Gabi's husband, then who should be walking behind him GABI!!! Loved that! always great to see you Gabi!!! Thanks for your review!Great place!
4	Waffle me!!!  Great place for brunch but sometimes you will have to wait.  I have never had any complaints about the food or service.  Food comes out fast and hot.  The staff are helpful and very welcoming.  Ask for Rachel....she's the best!  I do love their breakfast potatoes.  The waffle with strawberries was the waffle fix I needed.  They have everything you could possibly want for breakfast or lunch.  Every time I go in I have a hard time deciding on what to eat but I am never disappointed.  Is it breakfast time?
4	Gotta love the protein pancakes! Great service.
3	Breakfast...  a leisurely one is a great way to start a weekend.  On a recent Saturday morning, my friend and I stopped by U.S. Egg in search of a favorite breakfast indulgence - Eggs Benedict. We were seated promptly, and our friendly waitress highly recommended both the Eggs Benedict (for me) and a slight variation, the California Benedict (including bacon and avocado), for her.  Both dishes looked great when they arrived, and even included a nice side of hash browns.  However, the letdown was immediate when I cut in to my first egg.  The yolk was... solid!  No delightfully runny goodness to mix with the hollandaise.  My friend's eggs were overdone as well.  What happened?  My guess is the dishes sat a bit too long under a heat lamp after being plated.  So disappointing.  :(I may give U.S. Egg another try, as a number of other menu items looked tempting.  The restaurant was bright and inviting, and the service was quick and friendly.  Still, how can you serve Eggs Benedict with overcooked yolks!?
2	I had driven by here a few times and notices the sign and the reviews when checking it out on yelp, so when I happened to be in the area, during their business hours, and hadnt had breakfast, the serendipity angels smiled upon me. Short wait, but packed (good sign).  Great service, cute waitresses, nice menu offering.  Then got the food - eggs overcooked, bacon, sausage.  Kind of was looking for "better than Denny's" but got "kinda worse than.". Maybe the natives are missing a "flavor gene" or something.  Just "meh."
4	Solid 4 stars every time!   The Protein pancakes are a favorite for a good reason.   They're great and filling with the right kind of ingredients.   I recommend the 1/2 and 1/2 which is two good sized protein pancakes with 1/2 a skillet variety and one egg.  Their iced tea is decent and we've always had service that was at least better than average.   Easy to find and reasonable prices.   Winner!  (Now why they are listed under 'Burgers' instead of breakfast, well who knows.)
2	The "Protein Pancakes" are always a treat, but the "California Eggs Benedict" was just awful today.  The biggest disappointment were the hash browns though.  They tasted like shredded cardboard.  I am tired of going to a restaurant 20 to 30 times and getting such inconsistent results.Shame on you US Egg!
1	Have been here before and food was very good.This time we went for breakfast and there was glass in one of the dishes. Manager was called and comped one breakfast, even though our morning breakfast outing was ruined. Didn't even comp the coffee!  I think that money is more important to them than satisfying a customer that had glass in their food. A horrible experience.  Would have returned if manager apologized and did not charge us for breakfast.
4	This has become a favorite breakfast place of our little hiking group and my very good friend after yoga..=)US Egg has always been our number one choice to have good breakfast especially after a good workout when your body just needs more fuel for energy. This place has always people waiting outside for tables because it's always packed..which is a good sign especially for first timers that the food most especially is worth waiting for..=) My good friend and I, more often than not, always get our breakfast fix here with the good old American pancakes, well protein ones for my friend, crisp bacons, eggs, crispy hash brown as we like it, coffee and tea, or occasionally some corned beef hash. We also like their most recent addition, the Cornhuskers, consisting of two pancakes, two toasted bread, 2 eggs, 4 bacons, which is big enough for two people! =) Price is great for the amount of food you shell out for..This is our little spot after working out in the morning and we will never get tired of going here. So happy that we have this locally owned restaurant that serves good food! =)
4	I had breakfast here this past week - The food was great and I enjoyed the atmosphere!
4	Expensive for breakfast but worth it. Friendly cute staff, plenty of creative menu items and free wifi. The protein pancakes are gonna make you smile and if you are trying to hydrate this is your place. They serve every table with an iced and lemoned pitcher of aqua. The mural of America was fun to study.
3	Great breakfast but not a cheap one.  Lots of options.  They claim their 'protein pancakes' are what they are famous for...bad sales pitch in my mind.  They are average at best and if you love normal pancakes, these will stink.  Go with something else on the menu...lots of options and everything else I've had has been good.
2	I have never tried this place, and now I know why.  I went to the Chandler location which opened about 3 weeks ago.  The restaurant was clean, hostess was friendly, although my server was in slow motion.  Almost 5 minutes to get my ice tea, and then when my food arrived she asked if I wanted ketchup or tabassco.  I waited, and waited and then finally it arrived.  My description of the food is an over priced I Hop...  Maybe I've been spoiled by my favorite breakfast spot-Perk Eatery...all organic food and no dry hasbrowns.
5	This place is sorta pricey but the food, oh man, the food is soooo freakin' good. Especially if you love eggs and pancakes!
4	Great service, quite a wide selection of breakfast and delicious food, with decent prices. A great place to stop and get something quick and filling, which was exactly why we stopped there both days during our trip to Arizona. The food came out quick and hot, the protein pancakes were a little dry the first day, but the husband raved about the pastrami sandwich. I liked the Eggs Benedict the next day, and the potatoes were delicious on the side. Overall, great place for a quick bite, as long as the wait isn't too long.
5	This place is delicious.  Five of us went for breakfast after running the AZ Urban Race and it was exactly what we needed.  Huge menu and the food was great.  I heart breakfast food!  The prices are slightly pricey for a breakfast menu but nothing unreasonable.  Plus - you get a LOT of food.
3	Yummy yummy and yummy!  I was excited to see a variety of veggie options (besides pancakes).  I enjoyed the Veggie Benedict, very delicious.  My son enjoyed the "dollar pancakes" from the kids menu which are not dollar sized, they're normal sized pancakes and it comes with 3!  An absolute steal at only $4.99. My husband had the Denver omelette, he said it was pretty good not great, but not bad.  My mom enjoyed the Blueberry waffles, and she said they were amazing!  I liked that they had fresh blueberries on top, not just blueberry pie filling like you find at some places.Prices are not cheap, but in my opinion very reasonable.  My only real complaint is the service was terrible.  We were in slightly before the rush, by the time we left there was a wait but none when we came in.  I was disappointed that our server couldn't keep drinks filled.  The topper was when she dumped creamer on our table and just brought extra napkins.  Didn't wipe it up, didn't even really apologize to my husband who she dumped it in front of. Luckily he got out of the way of wearing it.  We'll be back, but I really hope the service improves next time.
4	Boom Susan!!! This place is solid. Ordered up 2 poached eggs extra crispy bacon, hash browns and toast. Everything was cooked perfect and the service was on point. Only complaint is that it's a little pricey but then again you get what you pay for.
1	Very disappointed with brunch here. I ordered the Eggs Benedict.  The eggs were overcooked (cooked all the way through, no running yolk), and they used very little hollandaise sauce. If a restaurant with the word "egg" in its name cannot make a decent Eggs Benedict, you know it's a bad restaurant.  If the yolk doesn't run, I run.
5	Great mushroom & spinach omelette
5	The food and service were outstanding. The omelettes and skillet dishes were the best that we ever experienced. The pricing is good. There were lots of people. There was a 20 minute wait in a breakfast line. Obviously, other people have the same opinion about U.S. Egg, otherwise why would so many people wait in a breakfast line. We will gladly wait in that line again to repeat our good experience with that restaurant.
3	Cute place. Full menu. Food was a little cold. Coffee was good :)
3	U.S. Egg is situated directly across the street from Denny's.  A nicer and classier environment than Denny's but the quality of food is similar (well, slightly better) and a bit pricier.  Service here was really friendly however.Ordered the Triple Play (pancakes, eggs, and bacon) but substituted the regular pancakes with their famous protein pancakes which are packed with oatmeal, blueberries and cinnamon.  Bacon and eggs are always good, tough to mess those up.  The protein pancakes had a nice flavor, but the oatmeal which is mixed within the batter before they are poured on to the griddle actually messes with fluffy texture that I enjoy whenever I eat pancakes.If you are really big on breakfast and brunch food and don't want to eat at a nationwide chain restaurant it may be worth it to check this place out, just temper your expectations on the protein pancakes.
4	Breakfast here was great!  Highly recommend it!  Seeing what the rest of Scottsdale has to offer, I was disappointed that they didn't serve dinner.
3	I went here at 9:30 am on a Sunday and the entire parking lot was full. I was expecting a really long wait, but it was only 10 minutes! This is your pretty average brunch/breakfast place. Reasonably priced, a large variety or egg dishes, pancakes, and waffles. I've never had any of the lunch food, but they do have it. Our service was great, the waitress was very friendly, and the food came out quick. The Western scramble was good, and there was definitely a lot of food!Overall, a pretty standard brunch spot, good for a quick in and out, cheap meal.
5	The protein pancakes are absolutely delicious. The service was very friendly and prompt. I would definitely eat there again.
5	Great breakfast before golfing in Scottsdale. Had really great omelette with a side of fruit & rye toast.  Boyfriend loved his breakfast also. Wait staff was super friendly and brought pitchers of iced tea & diet coke so we never ran out. Quick and efficient, it was the best breakfast we had on our trip.
1	My hotel, which served complimentary continental breakfast, was actually able to tide me over for the days staying in AZ, so I didn't really have to go out and eat very often, however, I got sick of it after awhile, so I thought it'd be really cool to go out and get something worth my while before flying back out.I went here to Yelp; with the average high reviews; and having it a block away - I was looking forward to getting myself a bang-ass meal!The interior didn't look as cozy as I had hoped - tables, chairs, floors were in the same color pine, and the walls were yellow. I wasn't too impressed yet. The host greeted me immediately, and took me to a table. I waited about 5 minutes before the server came by. She didn't introduce herself, nor did she tell me what the specials were - and the only reason that I know this is because I had seen them on the blackboard. She took my drink order, which was water, and she left and came back with a full pitcher of water with lemon. She eyeballed my glasses, and said, "oh, they look dirty!" and left and came back with another.Nonetheless, the server was super nice - typical college student.I went with the Eggs Benedict with extra avocado added, and after only about 10 mintues, she came back with my order.None of it was hot; the poached eggs were lukewarm, and the muffins, and hash browns, were room temperature.The muffins - looked to be wheat - which I don't remember being indicated on the menu! Things like this are important to call out - if customers order it and have a food allergy.The avocado was cold because they had just taken them out of the refrigerator. The sauce wasn't too heavy, but could've used just a tad bit more lemon. Overall, the taste of it was pretty OK, but could have been much better if the temperature was right-on-the-moeny.I gave my feedback to the server, asked me if I wanted another one; I mentioned that I was traveling, and didn't have the time. Because she was apologetic and offered to correct the situation in a way that she knew how, her response was reasonable.I gave my feedback to the manager, who was receptive, and though I provided my feedback AFTER I paid the bill, the right thing to do for him would have been to offer a credit. If he had offered one, though, I wasn't planning on taking it nonetheles. I wouldn't have taken it nonetheless, but it's all about the principle of the matter. I intentionally paid my bill before providing feedback.All-in-all, I SEE the potential in both the service, and the food, though my humble opinion is that they would probably benefit from better mentorship or training from the manager.
4	The breakfast food is delicious! I've only been a few times, but every time I left full and satisfied. The atmosphere is very welcoming, and the service was very good. I recommend trying their Protein Pancakes or their Idaho Hot Skillets!
4	Had their Half-n-half, two protein pancakes, and a half order of their Sante Fe Skillet.  Pancakes are the best I've ever had, whole grain, granola, almonds and blueberries. They are light and fluffy despite all the ingredients!! The Skillet had hash browns, diced chicken, chorizo, tomatoes, onions and a thick green chile sauce with a scrambled egg on top. All the ingredients tasted fresh. Waitress brought me my own pitcher of water and a caraffe of delicious coffee.  Can't think of a better place for breakfast. Fast service and delicious!!Walked out the door for $13.
5	Great choice of menu, Gluten free toast, fresh Fruit Juice, friendly staff, nice decor, good location....and cheap.Great place for breakfast !!!!    Will go back
5	Took the family here for a morning meal on our vacation. Yelped it first and found the reviews to be spot on. Good solid breakfast food. Great for the kids. The protein pancakes were AMAZING! Loved it! What stood out more than the good food was the sparkling service. The manager/owner and his staff were amazing! I can't say enough about them. This is a good place to patronize, they are doing everything right. Next time I'm in Phoenix I'm definately coming to US Eggs!
2	The place is cute, food was fresh, and the service was good. But, the food was blah. I was very disappointed, hoped for something more. You can get better food and MUCH better prices across the street at Denny's.
5	US Egg is a great breakfast place.  The Half and half is the best of both worlds.  You get to try their signature protein pancakes and your choice of half a skillet.
3	The breakfast was good and comforting. The menu provided carb smart options with their protein pancakes and other option. Prices were reasonable. The staff was very friendly and they provided plenty of parking.
4	Protein pancakes were the best pancakes I've ever had. Went with the half and half and combined them with the veggie skillet. Great service and restaurant.
5	I found this online while in town for work. This restaurant looks nice, has great staff, has excellent food cooked to your liking, and very fair prices. I will put this on my list for next trip into town. Best service I've experienced in a long time, too.
5	This place is a great breakfast restaurant. Everything I have tried has been delicious. The owners are very friendly and make you feel like your dining at home.  The service is always top notch.  I recommend trying the protein pancakes.
1	Not good.  The whole wheat pancakes are ok, but for that to be your only batter option sucks.  The only condiments on the table are jelly and sugar.  They brought out ketchup in this tiny silver container, which only amounted to 1 spoonful.  The hash browns were dreadfully undercooked and nasty.  I asked for coffee when we ordered and did not get it until I was almost completely done eating.  The eggs were like little yellow bricks.  The owner/manager stands at the front with a scowl on his face and just doesn't look pleasant at all.  The only positives were we got seated very quickly and the waitress was very nice and pleasant.  Other than that, just not good.  If ever in the area again, I would not go back.
4	Had a great brunch type meal to start my day and recommend getting the half & half.  You can't go wrong.  Sizeable portions.  On weekends, it gets super busy so I go during the week.  Also ordered take-out and was finished on time.
5	My husband and I went to U.S. Egg this morning after reading online that they served gluten-free toast from a gluten-free toaster.  As a celiac sufferer I get excited about little things like being able to eat toast in restaurants!  This place is a gem, and not only for people who have to eat gluten-free.  The interior is clean and bright and cheerful, and the staff could not be more friendly or efficient.  Ashley waited on us and she was a peach!  We both had omelettes, which were fluffy and delicious, with tasty fillings.  I can always tell a good omelette when the cook takes the time to saute and soften the vegetables before filling the omelette.  The hash browns were wonderful and crispy without the slightest bit of grease, and, of course, the toast was great.  I almost forgot to mention, but the coffee was excellent.  All in all, it was a great experience and we will definitely return.
4	Very good service bumps this breakfast spot ahead of the new Paradise Bakery. The menu could use a refresh and I'd love to see some healthy omelettes. It seems every time I have come here, they are really friendly, and differentiate based on service.Free wifi is a big plus! I have never tried the lunch as breakfast continues to be really great.
5	This is a great breakfast spot with consistent quality food and service. The owners are always at the front and make you feel welcome. Eveything i have tried is good but i would say protein pancakes and the idaho skillet are must haves. Try the half and half to get both!
5	Great food! Great service and atmosphere! The half and halfs are always  my favorite choice.
4	One of my gentleman friend's really likes this place and I trusted his opinion because he usually has a big.........appetite. Let me tell you this place is the BEES KNEES!!!We were seated within two hot seconds and our food came as quick as it takes to dance the jitterbug. Holy cow was the food great! Omelets were the cats pajamas.. coffee was hot and rockin'. After being a boozehound at the local speakeasy last night this place definitely hit the spot!
4	Half and half was great. You get protein pancakes and choice of skillet. I had the chicken avocado skillet. Portion was just right. Both pancakes and skillet were great.
3	Not bad! The service was fantastic, and it's a light, airy, nice space to eat a meal in. I enjoyed the ambience and the branding is well done.The food was pretty good and they give you plenty of it. The waitress was very careful to take note of my nut allergy and check with the kitchen on my order and have it cooked on a separate griddle from where the protein pancakes are cooked (they contain tree nuts). The pancakes were huge and pretty tasty. Everyone was happy with their food. I think we'd come here again. It's not the most gourmet breakfast in the world but it's good. Coffee was pretty bad, sadly.I'd like to try a scramble next time. They sounded pretty great.
3	Food is good but prices are outrageous...especially if you want to sub anything.
4	Love this place!The chicken and waffles are better and cheaper than LOLOS (which is just down the street). Disappointed I couldn't substitute my eggs for another waffle or anything, but that's just how life works, I guess. The food is delicious.  The prices are decent.  The service wasn't bad.  4 stars!
5	Seriously, Spring Training would be nothing without US Egg. Located just a few blocks from Scottsdale Stadium (Home of the two time San Francisco Giants.. ahem), this place is a must-go before an afternoon game. Why is US Egg so special? Well, even though there is a wait, you get FREE coffee? There is a private parking lot so no need to stress about parking either. The food is awesome. Try the half and half - two protein pancakes (delish pancakes with slivers of almonds, oatmeal, and blueberries - SUPER FOODS!), and a skillet of your choosing. Skillets can come with bacon, chorizo, peppers, onions, you name it. And they are topped with a fried egg. Yes, yes, a thousand times yes. Service is excellent and fast. Water is in a pitcher on your table so you don't have to wait for refills. As is coffee.What else do you need?
4	I've been a couple times now, and is always good. Very busy though. So expect a wait, but definitely a great place to go for breakfast or brunch.
5	This place rules! In a town that apparently doesn't eat breakfast (noted by the lack of breakfast places) U.S. Egg is AWESOME!!! There were easily 30 people sitting outside waiting and my group of 6 was hungry and hungover... We decided to wait, because there was no other choice. BEST decision of the day! The owner made us some really good bloody mary's and refused our tip, "save it for the next round" he says! The crowd was leaving happy and the line in front of us was steadily moving in. We got a great table and the service was really really good! The menu was a bit intimidating but pretty damn cool to have so many choices. The food was spectacular! it was cooked to perfection and yummy as can be!! The staff and management were hustling and constantly on point! If you don't go eat here you will be missing out on a really awesome meal!
3	After a rowdy evening our group of six was looking for a breakfast joint that had plenty on the menu to appeal to all of us. Despite it's size, US Egg usually has some type of wait time for weekend breakfast. That's a good indicator of how popular it is. I've always enjoyed the food here, this time it was good, but not awesome. I ordered the french toast which was slightly undercooked in some areas, leading to a couple mushy bites. I also ordered a fried egg on the side which was undercooked and arrived late.Our waitress was late on water/coffee refills and never cracked a smile. She did divide our check up between our three couples without difficulty. I usually have a better experience with the food and service, so I'll count this as a randomly "off" visit and try them again next time.
5	I have been going for years and have been to all of the locations and I only have the protein pancakes...I have gone with people that got other food and they said it was great so I am taking their word for it, but I am sticking to the PP!  I get 2 and take one home to eat for a later meal.  I wish I knew how many calories were in one but aside from that, I will be a devoted follower!
4	Great service.   Nice to have the coffee pot on table.
4	My co-workers always talk about this place so I figured to give it a try with a group of friends. I ordered the 1/2 meat lovers skillet with blueberry protein pancakes....it was BOMB! The sweetness of cinnamon and blueberries just went so together with the syrup. The skillet itself was phenomenal. My girlfriend loved her eggs Benedict. I think I just found my Sunday breakfast joint!
4	perfect breakfast spot with quality ingredients and reasonable prices.definitely enjoy my brunches here with my family.service is fast and efficient and wait time is usually 20 minutes on busy mornings.will definitely return!
5	My experience here sets the standard for Breakfast/Lunch diners.  A warm and down to earth staff with great food selection at affordable prices with quality ingredients.Impeccably clean with fast and efficient service.  Food is delivered to your table fast and delicious.  There is plenty of parking as well.Will definitely be coming back to this restaurant!
3	So I stopped by for their delicious protein pancakes after working all night in the ER... Had an amazing breakfast and ordered a Bloody Mary now that they serve alcohol. I hardly ever drink, but I've been stressed and  we had a rough night at work so I was all excited about it. I finished my breakfast and had half my Bloody Mary left and a glass of water so I leave that I the table with my check n use the restroom... When I came back my tables been cleared, my drink i was looking forward to was gone... I was pissed! The waitress saved my soaking wet receipt though .. Never replaces the drink i paid for WTF? Really lame ... I will not be going back to this location...I guess the lesson here is if you are by yourself don't get up to use the restroom until you are completely finished with ur meal and have paid. Great way to ruin what was otherwise a great breakfast .... Sorry you get 3 stars today
4	It's packing but you can still get in quickly which is a good thing if there are 6 of you and you are hungry.  Pretty standard fare but it is reasonably priced and they get it to the table pretty darn quick.Will say they do make some significantly large enough pancakes.  I suggest the blueberry ones - YUM!  And they will keep the juices, water, and coffee coming as long as you want them.  Even though we like trying new places to eat when we travel we seem to gravitate to this place each time we are in Scottsdale.
5	Our usual "breakfast place" was a place called The Breakfast Joynt but sadly they have yet to relocate...and been replaced by some cheap version of the legend it followed.  The Windy City Cafe is not a place we would return to anytime soon.  But, as we are waiting for the relocation of the BJ!!!!....we decided to try US Egg....**DRUMROLL**This place did not disappoint when it came to my steak& eggs with pancakes.. The service is friendly (even when slammed), the food is delicious, and it is the perfect place to go any day of the week but especially for Sunday breakfast.  Delicious
3	Interior can certainly be modernized, however the food is solid. I'm not a fan of paying to sub hash browns and a english muffin for fruit. Seeing as how I am now paying more for less food. All in all, US Egg is a solid stop in spot every now and then. One of those resturants you're glad that exists, but you'll never take anyone there to show them.
4	Wow.  If I return to Scottsdale.....I can't wait to get back to this place.
4	Love coming here. The service is always good, the menu has standard and adventurous items and they don't judge you if you're clearly hung over. I'd recommend to friends.
4	Santa Fe skillet was really good!  The other person I was with had the Protein Pancake with blueberries and said it was really good too
4	After a super early flight into Phoenix, our party of 16 was quite hungry. I've read about the hype of U.S. Egg, but had to have a taste of it myself.  The verdict is in and this place is for real.  They have a very large menu and everyone in the party seemed to like what they got.  The biggest surprise was the bloody mary's were freaking excellent.  The waitress didn't miss a beat with our large party.  Food came out quickly and warm.  Overall, great experience.PROS: Beautiful waitressesBloody Mary'sCustomer ServiceCons:Bathroom ran out of paper towels
2	This was my second time eating here and both times I ate here it was during the weekend. The place has been busy both times I was here. Inside is very bland and boring, I guess you could say it looks generic. We were seated fairly quickly given the 10 minute wait. Upon sitting down we noticed our glasses were dirty, this was the case the first time we ate here as well. Our sever was at our table to take our drink orders right away and she brought us clean glasses. The menu selection is big. The food quality is no better than Denny's and for more money. I love huevos rancheros and what they have here is not huevos rancheros, they use flour tortillas with the dish and it is overall bland. Same goes for the other dishes that my friends had, just bland. All the food came out luke warm but very fast. My friends over easy eggs were cooked thru. When my food came out I was given an English muffin with mold on it. The server immediately took the muffin away and brought another which was nice but received no apology from the manager. I wonder how many people ate muffins with mold on them. Anyway, in a nutshell this place has questionable food quality and bland food to match the bland interior. But the service is quick and nice with easy parking.
3	I tried this place per request from my friend. I think I need some new friends. This place is nothing special. The ambiance feels akin to an IHOP and although the portions are large for a reasonable price, the quality is par at best. Our hash browns were undercooked when they arrived at our table and were undercooked when they came back a second time. The omelet was good but not spectacular. I had the chicken bacon avocado omelet and the bacon and or chicken was rubbery at times, This is not a sensation I enjoy when eating eggs. The ceiling was also dripping water on my date which is rarely a fun time. I will say that there are a lot of choices of omelets and our server was extremely sweet and attentive to our table.  Other than that it would be a stretch for me to recommend this place to someone I like.
3	Service is fast and actually pretty good. Restaurant is large so you're seated pretty quickly. The food is pretty average. The eggs are fine; hashbrowns are very boring and dry. The bacon is pretty good, but not crispy. Whole wheat pancakes are pretty good, too. Honestly, the food is reminiscent of IHOP, but less greasy/a little better quality.I don't know if I'd come back, but I wouldn't necessarily shy away either. Overall, 3 stars/A-OK is very accurate.
3	Eggs Benedict were just ok but the staff was very friendly and always refilled my drink
5	I would highly Recommend it if you love good breakfast food! Quick service friendly smiles!
4	US egg is cute, it reminds me of the smaller breakfast diners but it's so bigToday, Sunday, it is very busy but there was a 10 min wait... Not long...They put complimentary coffee outside as well as waterInside is very huge and open so it's a little loud but I enjoy it... Makes it feel more like breakfastOur server, Whitney, is super nice and knowledgable of the menuI wasn't quite sure of what to get as they have a big menu as wellBig place-Big menu, go figure ;)I asked for her recommendations and she was very helpfulI ended up getting the decaf coffee AndThe chicken fried steak with eggsVery good portion The eggs are good, over easyThe hash browns are a little dry and plain so I added pepper and ketchupThe chicken fried steak has good flavor and the gravy does tooGood first experience
4	Food was very good with nice size portions.  Wait staff did a great job and owner walked the floor checking and keeping things in order.
4	Good easy place!  Breakfast food is great and I'd stick with that!  I ordered a sandwich which wasn't too bad, wife had their special pancakes and definitely won.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. Seating was fast. Server was great. They had coffee set out while we waited for our table, but the coffee station was messy and coffee was empty. Boo! At breakfast, half of my breakfast came to the table cold. My eggs were warm, but my hash browns, bacon and belgian waffle were cold. I can deal with cold bacon, but as I tried to spread the butter across my "fresh" waffle, it just "sat" on top. Ewww. Our server was awesome. I was able to let her know right away that although I was ok with keeping the bacon and eggs, I really wanted a hot belgian waffle. She apologized and took it back to the kitchen, where the kitchen committed a cardinal sin... they took the same waffle I just sent back and put it in the microwave. I suspected it was the same waffle when I saw the caramel-colored brown spots on top where I tried to spread the butter previously, but just to be sure I checked the bottom. Yep; soggy from the microwave.  Ewww.  I was no longer in the mood for a belgian waffle. I would give it one star, but I appreciated my server, and I actually really like the casual decor, the patio and the restrooms.
2	Pretty disappointing. I've been going to the US Egg in Tempe and Scottsdale for years.  I'm not sure if I caught Scottsdale on a bad day or not but this weeks experience was awful. Genuinely unfriendly hostess, mediocre service and I had to send back the food (something I've done less than three times in my life).I really doubt I'll be back...
3	I've been here before while in Scottsdale. I really like the food. I've had the 1/2 &1/2 which I think is awesome! The gentleman at the door is always so nice and always there. Today I had a protein breakfast. It was good just what I needed! Yes I think you can mess up eggs but they didn't. A big plus. Bacon & sausage was cooked just right. No complaints on the food. I was disappointed in my server this time. She came to my table 4 times..................1) to take my order2) to drop off my food3) to drop off my check4) to take my moneyNormally the service is excellent, but I must say, Amber I was truly disappointed. I'm sure I'll be back for the food but not in Amber's section again! I'm sure I would've given 5stars if my service was good. I hate bad service.
5	Best Chicken n' Waffles I've ever had!  I get it with eggs sunny side up.  I let the yoke run wild to complement the protein waffle, fried chicken, ketchup, syrup, hot sauce and the dish turns into one conglomerate of deliciousness.  Probably not the healthiest thing in the world, but the mixture is incredible!  I don't know anything about the drinks because I get water so I don't get a heart-attack from this sugar and good cholesterol overload.I don't eat anything after this for another 6 or 7 hours.
2	Was not very good, got blueberry waffle it came out with defrosting cold blueberries. That didn't taste good at all. Friends potatoes were undercooked, service was nothing special. Complained about the blueberries and did not eat them, but still got charged. Wouldn't go there again
4	I love this place! The protein pancakes keep me coming back. A lower carb option, it lets me splurge on a tasty breakfast without too much guilt. I usually order those and a side of super crispy bacon. They even have sugar free maple syrup, just ask! Check the hours to avoid disappointment; they close around 2 pm. You won't have much of a wait if you come during the week at lunchtime, but expect a long wait time if you want to eat at peak breakfast or brunch hours on weekends. Always friendly service and good food. Love how they leave a big carafe of ice water on your table so you never have to wait for a server to refill your glass. One of my favorite places to dine in Scottsdale.
4	Love this place- consistently good and friendly. Portions may even be too large. Come here for breakfast when visiting AZ twice a year and will keep coming back.
4	Really solid breakfast food, perfect for the morning after a fun night. Hearty fare and fresh ingredients, served efficiently with a smile. Lots of standard choices, prepared well.From the moment you walk in the door, it's pleasant, efficient service. The place is huge, so I've never had to wait long and it was great whether there were two or six in my party.
4	Really good food and service.a bit pricey for breakfast tho..cost me 17.00 with tip..but I will definitely go back.
4	Protein pancakes the best ever here.  Huge menu as well, the arizona frittata is another fav
5	I'm from the city (NYC that is) and when I walked in to US egg and saw the crowd and table placements I assumed I had walked in to iHop of Scottsdale but to my dismay I open the menu and read so many delicious and healthy meals I was hooked.  Despite the crowd I was sorted in less than 15 minutes.  Try the half & half! Loved it!!!
5	I am a big fan of this place. I love their consistency. It's nice that the owners recognize you, shake your hand, and thank you for coming in. Weekend mornings look like there will be a long wait but they are very efficient, even with 30 people outside it normally doesn't take more than 10-15 minutes to be sat. The food comes out quickly as well so it's always a pleasant experience.I recommend the 1/2 and 1/2 with a scramble and protein pancakes. Hits the spot every time and plenty of food to leave full.
3	I had the Cheese Chorizo Omelette, coffee, and a side of Sausage. The Omelette was excellent but the side of sausage was horrible, I'm pretty sure it was microwaveable Jimmy Dean Sausage Links, no joke! Also, it's roughly 7 dollars for coffee and the a side of sausage which is outrageous. I'll skip on my next trip to Scottsdale.
4	Ate here twice on a trip to Scottsdale.  For me to eat more than once at a place while visiting is unusual and indicates a "must-go" restaurant.  Everything we ordered was perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I especially liked that the breakfast burrito actually had some heat to it.
3	Really tasty breakfast. Nice area. Friendly, professional, good wait staff. But $2.69 for coffee? That's more than Starbucks. And this coffee is worse than what they serve on airlines.
4	It's breakfast... Done well.How does anyone not like breakfast food! US Egg does breakfast really well. And they have creative menu items too. I love their protein pancake. And they have some really crazy skillets that literally have everything in one dish. Biscuits and gravy, hash towns, and a chicken fried steak all stacked on top of each other. Is it healthy? Absolutely not. Is it awesome? Heck yes.
4	The food was good, but a little overcooked. Nothing was inedible though. I had the California Benedict. It was definitely tasty. My husband had the corned beef hash and enjoyed it. I also had a Bloody Mary and it was really good. It had a pickle and olive which I like way better than when it has celery. That's just my personal opinion though. The service was fast too. It was around $30 for the two of us. Not bad at all.
3	I enjoy the California Benedict.  The service is always friendly and the food comes out fairly quickly.  The coffee is standard restaurant quality, but more expensive than starbucks or coffee bean!
4	Stopped in for breakfast and couldn't decide between the corned beef hash or Denver omelette, went with the Dever and wasn't disappointed, food came out hot and fast, lots of ham which was good and a good portion of hash browns. They dropped off a pot of coffee with the meal so never needed to ask for a refill. Waitress was nice and attentive which made for a positive dining experience
5	Service was great and the food was better than most.
4	Great breakfast.  My friends got protein pancakes, I got biscuits and gravy.  Both were excellent.  A little pricey for breakfast, but way better than the Denny's across the street.   Highly recommend!
4	Met Alice Cooper here once.Eat the crunchy granola pancakes.  Do not get two, you only need one.  One is bigger than your head.  Coffee is bottomless.  Not the best coffee I've had, but good for an egg joint.For Scottsdale it's not an uppity place..just what you need for breakfast.  Fast, in and out in about 15 minutes and under $15.
4	I love me some protein pancakes and so when my friends and I met up prior to an event at the civic center, we stopped here for breakfast. This was my first time at this location but everything was up to par with my experiences at US Egg. The food and service were great
5	Really good omelet. Very large portions and a great wait staff. The prices are good for as much food that you get. They also lease a pitcher of water or coffee so you can refill your own drinks. I think this is a nice touch. Location is really easy to get to.
5	2nd time I have been here, great breakfast restaurant !Yummy  breakfast , fast friendly staff! The wait staff are pretty nice and usually  typical breakfast places have grumpy staff ( I don't blame them I'm not a morning person lol)  Staff seems to very well organized & restaurant is clean and happy! I have had the same waitress both visits , she is very sweet & told me the protein pancakes were nothing to be afraid of! And she was right- very delicious! Love they serve cocktails & beer!
4	I would highly recommend this place over any Denny's or IHOP. The food is much better in quality, while being comparable in price range to other diners.We were seated very quickly, and the waitresses were tentative and kind.Great for large parties, and for anyone who needs some standard, fill-you-up breakfast or brunch!
2	Stopped in while driving through town. The 4 star rating is wrong.... Service was excellent, biscuits and gravy...and toast were good but overall the meal wasn't worth 4 stars. Greasy sausage and the hash browns were dry, powdery, and flavorless.
2	Our recent visit to the U.S. Egg Company was very disappointing.  We were seated, and proceeded to order coffee and orange juice. Our server, who seemed more interested in getting us in and out, rushed through things and forgot that we wanted to dine in the restaurant instead of having our order put in to-go boxes.  We informed her that we wanted to eat there, and after a long wait had to leave due to another appointment. We weren't even given the opportunity to complain to an actual manager! Instead, we were treated to another senior waitress who gave us undeserved attitude. We promptly left and most likely will not return. There are plenty of breakfast places around Old-Town Scottsdale to choose from, I'd avoid this one.
2	My food was fine.  My husband ordered ala cart and the waitress came back to ask if he wanted fruit, or something else because it dame with it.  He said no because he didnt want it, then we see the bill and she put down a mwal that was close to what he ordered but $3 more.  Didnt have time to argue about as we had somewhere to be so tgat was part of her tip.  Why dont servers do what you ask?
4	Great serviceNice variety on menuBig portionsCompetitive pricesGood food (quality and taste)I love that they leave a water pitcher and coffee pot in the table.Sometimes crowded but well worth the wait.Great location just south of Old Town Scottsdale next to Olive Garden and Red Lobster.
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots. Great omlettes and breakfast choices. They also serve lunch which my wife always orders. Great staff and the owners are always present and helping with operations which is a cool touch in my opinion.
3	Stopped in for breakfast with Mike Couchie. Nice clean place good atmosphere. However my scrambled eggs were cold and over cooked. Mike easy over were over hard he complained and got two perfect eggs brought right over. I think this restaurant is just ok and I probably won't return, seems expensive for cold eggs.
5	I love love love US Egg! Everything is delicious and the service is really quick most of the time. The Idaho skillets are amazing and the protein pancakes are a must-have. My friends and I call them "crack" pancakes because they are so addictive! My only complaint is that the mimosas have pulp in them, which I think is weird. But this is my absolute favorite breakfast place!
4	My brother and I are just visiting for two days on a road trip to CA and saw the reviews on yelp. It is a nice, pleasant breakfast atmosphere with kind servers and a cool wall mural. The food was great as well, and you definitely get your bang for your buck (a.k.a lots of food). The protein pancakes were excellent, just like the server suggested. Overall great place to wake up and eat in Scottsdale. Doesn't get a five star though because nothing really WOWED us, but it was good food.
1	Horrible Service! From the time we sat down to paying the check...How do you mess up a BLT & Fries? I'll tell you how "COLD AND FLAVORLESS"!Cold coffee and floats in the water!My husbands omelet and hash browns were Luke warm and had NO FLAVOR! Absolutely worst breakfast ever!
2	All four items our family ordered were sub par. If your name is US Egg, you better know how to cook eggs. My omelet was an under seasoned scrambled egg folded over poorly cooked and under seasoned veggies ( they also shouldn't be wet). The salsa I asked to pour over my omelet was also bland so that didn't help. The up-charged fruit that came with my dish was lukewarm and over ripe making it very bitter. Ew. My husbands "poached" egg was over cooked making it hard as a rock. His $10 skillet was bland with under seasoned veggies, dry-as-a-bone chicken, and under cooked potatoes. My kids' pancakes were way dry. They only picked the apples out and left the pancake. Overall, we were way disappointed. I guess short shorts and beer Doesn't make for a good breakfast.
4	You might not realize it, but U.S. Egg is kind of a mecca for people trying to live a healthy lifestyle and eat a high-protein diet. Yes, they have all the standard breakfast and brunch foods, but if you look at the back of the menu there is a section titled "Proteins" where they list protein pancakes, steak and eggs with a sliced tomato instead of hash browns, eggs with a hamburger patty, omelettes with bacon, salads with lettuce, meats, and cottage cheese, etc. There's even a gluten-free option and it all tastes really good!Plus, every time I've eaten here, or at the location at Baseline and Mill, service has been great... prompt and with a smile. So if you're looking for a place to grab a quick breakfast or lunch, show your patriotism and head for U.S. Egg!
4	Took my buddy here the other day to nurse a hangover. Great food. Reasonably priced. Definitely did the job for us. They are open til 2pm serving breakfast. Friendly staff. They brought us pitchers of our drinks so we didn't have to chase a waitress down everytime we wanted a refill. I like that.
5	Love the food here. The manager on duty did a great job handling the morning rush. The bacon onion and pepper skillet tasted fresh from the garden!
5	I've heard great things about this place and when I was visiting Arizona I had to try! Glad to say I was not disappointed!The atmosphere appears very clean and family oriented. The decorations are cool with bunch of egg crates making up the US Flag! The service was great, attentive and fast. I ordered the half and half which included the southwestern skillet and the protein pancakes! I was highly pleased. Just a heads up, the portions are huge so you will either be stuffed or not finish. There are many skillet options I chose the southwestern and it was cooked to perfection. They make your eggs anyway you want them. Ask for your hash browns to be extra crispy. You're welcome in advance. If you don't know, the skillet is basically all the ingredients you choose based on your selection, the eggs of your choice and has browns all in one bowl. The protein pancakes are heavenly! I need the recipe ASAP! It has blueberries and I'm not sure what else but I can't wait until I'm back! The price is very affordable. Next time I will do another skillet for variety but I will stick to the protein pancakes.
4	Fast seating for large parties. They now serve GLUTEN FREE waffles and French toast! Yummy!! Bacon is awesome too
5	What a great place!  It is clean throughout, staffed by friendly professionals and the food is excellent!  We will return often!
5	Great food, great service. Visiting from Palm Springs, CA. Loved the protein pancakes with the skillet. Perfect amount of food to start the day! U.S.EGG!
4	The food was good. Service and atmosphere excellent. Pricing was fair. It is a pleass nt place to take friends.
5	Try the protein pancakes! So good. I was expecting them to get their name from having protein powder or meat in them, but I was excited to hear they are packed with blueberries, granola, and other tasty ingredients. The wait for a table was short, the staff was very attentive, and the food was delicious.
4	My family and I ate breakfast here on a Sunday morning while on vacation. There are a ton of options. I had the Hawkeye omolette. It was very good. My wife had poached eggs, bacon and pancakes. My daughters each had a nice sized kids breakfast for $5. The portions are generous and the prices were what you would expect for a decent breakfast. The service was excellent. I would definitely come back here.
5	U.S. Egg is a great place for breakfast and the protein cake is notable.  The other dishes are good, too, but the protein cake can only be gotten at this restaurant (as far as I know).  It is just delicious!Another thing to know about U.S. Egg - there is often a line outside the door but do not let that dissuade you - it moves quickly and you won't wait long.  And of course, it's worth it!Plenty of parking, too.
2	Protein pancakes were a disappointment. There has got to be better places to eat breakfast in town. Made a bad choice with the huevos rancheros. Beans and chili out of a can almost certainly. Atmosphere was very old, guess it's good for families. Service was good but overall pretty meh if you're looking for something special.
3	Food was good, service not so good. Was happy they had biscuits. Didn't have to wait,   which is great, but do think they need to understand customer service better.
5	Great Breakfast every time I come here!Service very Good.I got half and half today, 2 protein pancakes and a half avocado, tomato, bacon skillet.It was very Good!  It's too much for me for one meal, it travels ok and heats up well.You gotta try if you want a simple good well priced breakfast,  way better than those other National Chains whose names begin with a D or I.
4	This place has the best breakfast/brunch by far! Closes at 2:30 so get there early because the place fills up quickly and there is a steady stream of folks waiting to partake in a great meal. Indoor and outdoor seating. Waitstaff can be more attentive, but the place is always super busy! I tried a skillet...ham, sausage, mushrooms, bacon, and tomatoes on a bed of hash rounds then covered with cheese! DELICI'! All the food and beverages came very promptly to the table.
4	Protein Waffle is to die for. This local institution is a fan favorite for all SF Giant fans attending spring training at Scottsdale stadium. I have to say the food here is delicious. I always get the triple play combo with their famous protein waffle. The protein waffle is their Belgium waffle batter with granola, blueberries, cinnamon and other goodness mixed in. Mmmmmmm!!! I also love that their juices are fresh squeezed. I am subtracting one star though because the last time few times I went there the lack of service by the waitresses were subpar. It was neither spectacular or horrendous.
4	In from Chicago burbs for a week, drove past from the airport and what a great find!Greeted with a big smile, seated us in 5 minutes and coffee 2 minutes later! Haidyn was our server and she was great! The breakfast was out in minutes, large Denver omelet and killer potatoes. Will return again and again. Gotta try this restaurant.
