5	I am a sushi fanatic. i think its definitely one of the finer things in life and with that said, i must admit that i have been disappointed over and over again by the quality of sushi in arizona. I've tried multiple sushi restaurants in the gilbert/chandler area and i am very sick of seeing variations of deepfried and/or oversauced, spicy tuna/cali rolls. My friend and i missed our showing at the AMC and so we decided to grab a bite at House sushi and check out what the fuss what all about. and let me tell you, we definitely grabbed more than a bite. Everything was just amazing and more importantly, ORIGINAL! We started with the "Yellowtail Lover" and "The Screaming O" that our lovely server Diana reccomended us. The yellowtail practically melted in my mouth and mixed so well with the scallion tempura! The Screaming O was a specialty sashimi rather traditional sashimi because it was covered with their secret sauce that is to DIE FOR. There is nothing typical about this sushi restaurant. Everything from the lemon peppered edemame to the tempura ice cream were just superb! The service was excellent and the owner, Steve, even came out to greet us. He explained to us how they pride themselves on freshness and how making sushi is an art.. and i could definitely taste and see what he was talking about. The bill matched the average of any other sushi restaurant in the area but the food was just so much more enjoyable. I will DEFINITELY be back here soon. If you consider yourself a man with standards for real sushi then the least you can do is give this place a try.
5	So we went to get Hawaiian food (it used to be in this very place), and to our surprise, we found this restaurant instead.  After some hesitation we decided to try it.  WOW!  From the service to the food, everything is superb! The Miso soup is the best I've ever had.  The complementary salad was fresh, crunchy, and delicious!  My entree was heavenly.  I order the Asian Skirt Steak.  It came with onions and carrots and the side of rice (a very generous portion).  My husband ordered the Pork Katsu (recommended by our waitress), which turned out to be great as well.  To drink we order the hot tea, which was green tea and it tasted great -a wonderful complement to the meal.  When we were ready to pay, our waitress surprised us once more with cool orange pieces in the cutest presentation ever!  We didn't try the sushi, but I'll get some girlfriends together and try that the next time.  I definitely recommend this place and will be back again.
1	I have to say, this one is not a good sushi at all. this one is one of the worst sushi ever. Costco sushi even taste better than this. I'm sorry, I know that this place just open a week ago, but.. I can't say anything positive about the food.The place used to be a fastfood restaurant (hawaian bbq) that is being converted into sushi join. but with No sushi bar (surprise).yes the place have a great service, friendly and bright. but I'm only rate based on quality of the food. yes I'm in phoenix, but still, there are some other decent place to eat. unless they fix on how they prepare the sushi. they'll not get any repeat customer.yes they gave me free ice-cream and other sashimi.
5	I too wanted to eat @ L&L's the past weekend, strangely found out that they closed. They asked us what we usually get and they offered chicken katsu so what the heck, might as well give it a try. I have never been to a sushi restaurant with modern music, pretty different i must say, not in a  bad way. The staff was friendly and energetic, the food, just WOW. Im not sure what this other person saying the sushi is worse than costco sushi because its one of the best I've ever tasted and I've eaten a lot of it. Not a real sushi enthusiast, so try something else like katsu smart guy.Then came dessert, usually we'd skip on that but one of the friends said sure why not, what we got was ice cream tempura which was just a nice scoop of ice cream battered in panko flakes and cut open, you NEED to try this, it IS the icing on the cake.I feel that this place is gonna get popular or at least should, it seems like a family owned business, not some chain restaurant that you'd go to everyday. So if you got the time, give them a try.
5	I also got a restaurant.com coupon for this place, and we were definitely not disappointed. The ambiance and atmosphere are wonderful, the service was super friendly and really really helpful, and the food was DIVINE.We ordered the Crazy California and the Crazy Philadelphia, a Shrimp Tempura Roll, a Vegas Roll and a Crispy Salmon Roll. They were all excellent, although they deep fry their shrimp tempura roll and I prefer mine to be not fried it was STILL fantastic. The seaweed was not too soft but not too chewy, the rice was the perfect stickiness and the fried rolls were the perfect crunch with no stale-oil taste.They gave us edamame on the house for it being our first time, which was much appreciated and only added to the comfortable environment they have created there. We also ordered hot tea which was delicious.I really enjoyed myself and we will certainly be back.
5	This place has the best sushi in AZ, hands down.  In addition to the normal rolls, House has their specialty rolls, which were amazing.  Everyone that was at the restaurant with me loved their food.  The what the heck roll was so good that I ordered another.  Anyone who wants good sushi - just go to House and you won't be disappointed.
4	I was looking for an LnL but was surprised with a Sushi restaurant. I was in the mood for short ribs, and thankfully they had it on the menu. It came with rice, soup, and salad, which was better than LnL's macaroni salad. The short ribs were just as good if not better. Overall, I'm satisfied. Also, it came with a free tempura ice cream for checking in on yelp!
5	Went here on Friday night, came in an hour before it closed (still feel bad about that). I was impressed by the service, very friendly and helpful. The sushi was pretty good though! I will definitely be back there again to try the other rolls..and I also heard the Chicken Katsu sandwich is good, so I might just have that instead. Anyways, we ordered a bunch of rolls,  I REALLY liked the What The Heck roll, it was so goooood! Oh and the Spicy Tuna roll, so much flavor. I also liked the Screaming 'O'.. the sushi was really fresh andddd you know, definitely satisfying. Also, the desert, I really don't know what it was called (I am assuming tempura ice-cream), was phenomenal! I could eat a bunch of those at once..but then I would be fat, I don't want to be fat :(One thing though.. I would like to apologize for my friends and I being very obnoxious, opps! But yeah, we were all satisfied and I will be coming here again! :)
5	One night after watching a movie at AMC, I whipped out my iPhone and launched my trusty Yelp app because I was craving some sushi. Lo and behold there was a spot right next to me! After reading some of the reviews I decided to give it a shot, even though one of the reviewers said Costco had better sushi, haha. Thankfully, some other Yelpers pointed out that it used to be an LnL so finding the joint was a snap.The atmosphere upon entering was very welcoming. The hostess/waitress greeted us with a big smile and said we can sit where ever we liked. Like the other reviews here I have to agree the customer service was amazing. And the food was very fresh and excellent quality, beautifully plated and came out in a timely manner. If you're going here for your first time I recommend trying the "What the Heck?" roll. Oh and Costco? Really? Do they have a place where you can get your taste buds examined?Since that day I have been back here multiple times. I have tried most of their entrees and sushi, and have yet to be disappointed. One thing that stood out to me over the countless other sushi spots around the valley is the Chicken Katsu Sandwich. I don't think there is another place that offers this unique dish. Chicken Katsu with lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo in-between slices of thick, soft Texas Toast? Yes, please! Oh and their complimentary Miso soup is one of the best I have ever had. I believe this is a small family owned and operated business, and with today's economy I have to give them props for opening up. To all the people that like to support our Locals, this is a place you need to check out. Also, don't forget to check in on yelp to receive your free Tempura Ice Cream for dessert!
5	We had a credit from Restaurants.com, so we were searching for a place nearby over the weekend to try out. Craving some sushi, we thought we'd try this place out. It used to be an L&L Hawaiian restaurant and has only been open for a few months - it's located right next to the Starbucks. Service - Outstanding. It's a family joint, literally, the daughter was our server, the dad was the chef, the brother was taking photos of the food, the mom was working on some operational stuff behind the counter - it doesn't get much more mom-pop shop than this - but of course with a little more swank. Food - Delicious! Miso soup was so good. Started with their house edamame, yum (although a bit peppery). I had the Vegas Roll - probably the best I've ever had. Hubby had a sampler plate that included a lil bit of everything. He doesn't even normally like rolls (he's much more of a sushi or sashimi guy) but he even agreed my Vegas roll was out of this world. Topped it off with some Tempura ice cream - can it get any better? Oh and plating was beautiful. Prices - Really not bad - pretty standard for your typical sushi restaurant. Helped that we had the coupon. Atmosphere - Really warm and welcoming. You could tell there was a table full of some family friends. We were the only other table in there, til another couple came in shortly after, also trying the place out for the first time. So it was a bit slow for a Friday night, but I think it's only because they're so new. Decor was really nice though. Music was a bit loud. Only con I could see is they didn't serve alcohol, which isn't a big deal because I'm preggo and we're not big drinkers anyways. That could just be because they're in the process of getting their liquor license though, I don't know. All in all, we will for sure be back here. Without a doubt.
5	Great food and service!
3	We went last night and used our restaurant.com gift certificate. There were 2 other tables using the same thing while we were there. When we got there there was only one other table of two. While there two others came in. The service was very slow. I think we were there almost 90 minutes. My dinner came out 20 minutes before my husbands did. The sushi came out last. It was very very slow. The others seemed to feel the same way. The food was good, family run place...  We had 2 hours before our movie started otherwise we would have been really upset.
5	Also they have happy hour Mon-Thurs! 30%off all sushi items and its BYO! :)
5	Came in for there lunch specials but after seeing there specialty rolls, had to have one. Got the What The Heck and glad I did. Everything was amazing!!  Don't forget to order the Tempura Ice Cream for dessert!  I'll definitely be back.
5	Wonderful place.  Inventive and interesting menu.  Fish was fresh and delicious.  Can't wait to go back!
5	After seeing all the good reviews of this place on here, my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try. She ordered the veggie roll and I tried the What The Heck roll. The presentation was very good and both of our rolls were simply delicious, we'll definitely be coming back.
4	This place needs more reviews and more customers! The best sushi I've had in a long time. Located in a shopping center with the AMC theatres and other shops, it's a great place to go for lunch or dinner after a movie or a shopping trip.We got the calamari to start, and though it wasn't the best i've had, it was good. I still prefer the calamari made from the steaks as opposed to the rings, but the breading was nice and crispy. But the rolls.... Oh my god, the rolls! We got the What The Heck, the Hot Night and the 69. Our favourite was by far the What The Heck, but the Hot Night followed a close second. The 69 was alright, and the sashimi on top was fresh and tasty, but the sauce wasn't the greatest. It made the roll a little too salty. But it was still really good. Both the What the Heck and the Hot Night were spicy, so if you like your sushi with a little kick, try those! The pico de gallo on top of the What The Heck added a great crunch and a unique twist. The service was fast and friendly, and we got 30% off our order for happy hour. Interestingly enough, while we were sitting there, at least 4 people came in looking for the Hawaiian BBQ that used to be there. In my opinion, they should have stayed and tried the sushi. They wouldn't have been disappointed. We will definitely be back; there are a bunch of rolls we want to try! Yelpers, if you go, get on Yelp and share your experience! They deserve the business. It's about time the east side had a REALLY good sushi joint.
4	I read the reviews here and tried it. I loved it. I will be back. All that was missing was some sake and they will soon have their liquor licence.
4	Abandoned by my girlfriend for the evening as she frolicked wantonly in Scottsdale (okay, she went to watch a movie with her parents while I was at work), I struggled to find solace in uncooked fish.  Remembering there was a very highly rated restaurant next to the AMC on the way home, I decided to stop by and see if House was as good as reviewed, or if indeed, Everybody Lies.Walking in, I was immediately nervous at myself being the lone diner at about 7pm on a Saturday night.  I considered pretending to have an emergency and declaring my girlfriend was going into labor, but I realized that could be a horrible thing to do, and perhaps it would not be good to tempt fate.  Buoyed by my resolve to not inflict copies of myself upon the world, I took in my surroundings, and was bemused by the relatively classy surroundings on my left with sleekly lined contours, contrasted to the relatively campy decor on my right right, with a wall that had a built in wave, and photos of their food with descriptions on colored paper.  Their menu has a nice variety of standard fare across the spectrum of Americanized aps to comfort Japanese food for non-sushi related items, but I was here for the fish!  I ordered an Iced tea along with Red Snapper + Yellowtail Nigiri to start.  Alas, though the fish was fine, the rice was constructed terribly and fell apart when coming into contact with the whisper of soy/wasabi that I attempted to apply.  Applying the mixture to my chopsticks and then unto the nigiri made do, but I couldn't help but be miffed at the reversed process I'm accustomed to.  Explanations of my girlfriend's theoretical triplets entering the world was on the tip of my tongue, but I decided to wait until the Tuna Karai made its appearance before attempting a classy exit.Fortunately, my canceled deception was rewarded in the form of one of my favorite bites at a Japanese restaurant of all time.  The Tuna Karai was described to me as spicy tuna sashimi.  I feel that calling this spicy was dishonest, as a more accurate description would be that the world was ending early, with the hellfire gathering in my mouth beating the Mayan's predictions by about 9 months.  To save the world I swiftly consumed this dish, being duly grateful for the shaved daikon to nullify some of the heat, with bits of squid to provide some texture against the the yielding tuna.One of the items on the wall caught my eye, as I can never resist calamari wherever I go. I was grateful they provided me with a half order, as I wanted a bit more sushi.  Their rendition of calamari was wonderfully airy tempura lacking in oiliness, with the accompanying wasabi mayo leaning towards wasabi as the dominant flavor, and the traditional tempura sauce that I preferred, being a well-executed version with a very mild sweetness, light body, yet dense umami flavor reminiscent almost of nuoc cham.My desire to explore the Modern side of House led me to the Citea roll, humorously named as a tribute to a friend of the server who wanted a roll named after his clothing line.  If his clothing line satisfies me half as much as this roll did, I will drape myself in Citea apparel for a year.  Inside lurked spicy tuna with avocado, while above loomed seared salmon, masago, scallion, and chopped peanuts with eel sauce.  This was a wonderful dance of complementary flavors, while the peanuts and scallions added poignant counterpoints in rougher texture compared to the smoothness of the rest of the roll.In lieu of desert, I opted for a final set of salmon nigiri.  I had expressed my disappointment of the previous order to my server, and happily I received a more tightly packed nigiri with avocado and lemon garnishes as well.  This was a pair of wonderfully buttery, vibrant bites to end my meal.  With 30% off rolls during traditional Happy Hour times I was also happy with the cost of my meal relative to how much I ate.  As I left, I couldn't help but notice the lines outside the chain restaurants around Stapley and Baseline, and the irritation pushed me to write my first review in months.  This is an excellent family run restaurant with lovely food + service that will provide you with a completely satisfying meal at a good price, and Yelpers should congregate to this location and partake in a  feverish frenzy of foodie bliss!
4	Hey Rudy L. Take you snobby sushi eating attitude somewhere else. So what it used to be a l&l and has no bar doesn't mean the food isn't good. FYI you need to reread your review before you actually save it. I've been to literally 20-30 sushi places around the valley some gross and some awesome and this place is close to awesome. Yes it's family owned and the daughter with a huge bun on top of her head is the waitress and the son and father make the sushi. But most of the time mom and pop shops are the best but in this case the son is the owner. My favorite things to order are Tuna Karai, Arizona roll and surf and turf. the tuna Karai is a tuna salad with octopus and it's spicy but sooooo damn good. Sometimes I'll order 2 orders with some rice and make that as my meal. I've had a lot of other rolls to with friends and they are great. The big thing for me is presentation and the sushi looks great. Doesn't look sloppy, no big and small pieces, rice is tight and intact. The fish taste and smells very fresh. They also have Korean tea. Which is basically barley tea it's very good, ask for it cold. Anytime I'm in the area I try to stop by and get my tuna Karai fix. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because they don't serve alcohol yet. Keyword is "yet" I talk to the owner Steve a lot when I'm there and he's already in the process of getting his liquor license which should be approved by may. Nothing like have some sushi and washing it down with some saki bombers.
5	My husband and I used our restaurant.com coupon at this place, we had 3 specialty rolls and a tempura cheesecake. All of the food was delicious. It also came out really quick, the sushi was fresh and beautifully plated.The price is typical of other sushi restaurants, but here you are paying for the sushi, not the bar scene.Give it a try, perfect place to go before a movie. Our favorite roll was the Arizona Roll.
4	So my co-worker and I just had dinner at this place and I have to tell you it was great.   We had Sushi at Kona Grill and it cost to much and it was substandard at best.  If you're ever in Mesa, AZ and looking for a place for great sushi this is the place to go.  I promise you won't be disappointed?
5	Great sushi!
5	When i first realized L&L was gone i was disappointed, but that was soon eclipsed by joy after i had a taste of what they had to offer.  An example would be the potato croquette to start out with, it is basically mashed potato fried to crispy goodness with a to die for katsuesque sauce drizzled on top.. next up would be the surf n turf roll which is amazing, not often do you find filet mignon on a roll.. i enjoyed the hamachi kama too, which is a cooked to perfection yellowtail collar, pure bliss.  Then to wash it all down they have a iced barley tea that is super refreshing, i am sorry but exact name escapes me, which is ironic because you have to ask for it by name..   oh and i can not forget the tempura ice cream, it is fried ice cream at its best.   This is honestly the best sushi joint in Arizona since Celsius closed down (if anyone has been there).. i eat all around the valley too.. but do not take my word for it, try it yourself, you will not be disappointed one bit, i promise.
5	This place offers great happy hour discounts and the rolls, as the other reviews state, are fresh, well made and most importantly delicious! I know some people like to go for the 'cheapest' most basic rolls for sushi like spicy tuna/california, but I would highly recommend their specialty rolls (What the Heck is my fav) as they are really creative/unique, and very, very tasty. It's definitely worth stopping by if you are close by if you are a fan of good sushi. Fantastic customer service too!
4	This is a hidden restaurant in a shopping mall next to the movie theater. Currently, they have happy hour all day. This means you get 30% off the rolls. The rolls are on the more expensive side, but it is quality. Don't judge that it is in a shopping center. The service is awesome. My glass of water was always full. There are a lot of options for unique rolls. I had the 69 roll and it was spicy and all good. Their squid and seaweed salad were also fresh. This is def a good place to go for some quality sushi.
5	Went there today for lunch. Looked up good sushi in Gilbert and this popped up fist. So glad I read the reviews and went. A mom and pop sushi house, nothing fancy. The best sushi I have had in town by far. We had the 69 roll, which was ok, it sits on a bed of sauce that kinda make the rice mushy. The salmon on top was very fresh and tasty. We also had the Hawaiian, spicy tuna crunch and the crazy Philly. The last two are both tempura fried and yummy. The tuna on top of the Hawaiian was perfect! We have been to all the Big name sushi place around town and find them expensive and lacking in the fresh tasty department. I love supporting local people and finding that place that is tucked away. It is to the left of the AMC movies right off of Stapley. Doesn't seem very busy, which was perfect for lunch, but I hope many people find this place and give it a try!!
4	This place is still 30% off of sushi rolls (dine-in only) for their grand opening, even though they've been opened for about 5 months. I dont know how long it's going to last but it definitely makes this place worth it - not that i even used this discount since we had their lunch combo special. $7.50 for 2 rolls and soup and salad. Totally worth it.My spicy crab roll was really good - their spicy sauce is actually spicy!The shrimp tempura roll was just as good.Their miso soup was also made well.I dont really like their salad, which is drenched in this really sweet dressing that looks like carrot purree - no love for that.This place is owned by a japanese family and they do a very good job with their food. Free wi-fi from Starbucks next door hehehehe
5	Great service and great sushi!  Their Shrimp Cracker appetizer is amazing, everyone should get it.
5	If you are looking for a great sushi place with a twist, then this is your spot. My friend found HMS on here, and decided to meet with our ladies there for dinner. I'm so glad we did...we had a great experience and left happy, with full stomachs of delicious sushi.Their menus that had pictures of their special rolls, and a description of each (so we knew what we were getting into). After some vegetable tempura, and garlic-edamame beans, (my friend also had 2 or 3 of his own rolls) we ordered a Hawaiian roll, Mexican roll (nice and spicey, with a jalapeno slice on top) and special Crazy California roll to start off. All were unique and delicious. I've never had anything quite like those rolls, and after eating them left me wanting to try out more of their specialties! We wrapped up with a shrimp roll, which was great as well! The 2 servers were constantly on top of everything, food, water, checking in, etc. Prices were good...we got a ton of food for $50 for 4 people! It wasn't crazy busy but they had a decent stream of people coming in and out (I can't believe it wasn't more crowded). It was clean, nice, and they had good modern music on overhead. If you're a regular at some of the sushi chains around the valley and want to try something different, go get some decently-priced great sushi! I highly recommended this place. 5 stars all the way, and a high five to the chef!
5	We were going to the movies today and did a Yelp search for resturants. This place was at the top of the list and for good reason. Its fantasitc! Apon entering i was taken by the great decor and cleaness. We ordered Spicy Edemime and Potstickers to start off. Then i got the Arizona Sushi Roll and my wife got a noodle dish. We will back! Loved it.
5	Strange Love, strange highs and strange lowsStrange Love, that's how my love goes(Depeche Mode)However, you won't give me pain! Strange, this place was located in a strip mall area next to a Starbucks and theater.  I look at this from a positive standpoint because of the high traffic.  Sushi, coffee, and then a movie!  They had a great looking website, but that generally doesn't tell the story.Strange, ingredients on the menu. Geoduck, giant clams, and round clams, not my typical dinner cravings, but let's just say I'm not too shy to try. I don't have a PhD yet (Doctorate in Phood!), but I was impressed.  My two dinner associates are quite knowledgeable about their sushi and they help educate me in that field. Round Clam 3 different ways they rave - Nigiri, Sashimi and Fried -- Ding & Wink!  I dig their Geoduck since its such a rare item to eat fresh and uncooked!  However, being non-sushi connoisseur; my favorite - the salmon wrapped avocado; which you can see on Yelp Photos.Strange? No, it's not so strange after all. It's definitely worth a try and totally recommend HMS - stop by and say hi to Steve he's a cool fish :) - Enjoy!
4	The spicy is very spicy, just the way we love it! The Mexican roll rocks!!
5	i love this place! it's such a cute little restaurant and the food is amazing =] loved all the rolls and appetizers that we tried and the service was great. highly recommend it!
5	Best sushi in Phoenix and you would totally miss it if you weren't looking. Extremely creative rolls and fantastic quality sashimi. We WILL be back!
5	So yummy!! This is one of the best sushi places we have been to. The family that owns this place is super nice.  Love going here.
5	VERY VERY Good sushi place!Family own, 30% off sushi, clean place and of course, fantastic sushi!!!Can you ask for more??? I don't think so!
5	Do you know what sets this place apart from the sea of sushi restaurants that have opened up lately? Family. The owner is a super nice, upbeat twenty-something guy who purchased the restaurant on a shoe string budget with his aunt. He is a hands on type of guy who will gladly come to your table and offer a smile and a little bit of back story to his restaurant. He made us feel welcome as though we were part of the family. THAT is what sets this place apart from the rest. Oh, you want to know about the sushi? The sushi is delicious! What I liked about this place was the variety of house or special rolls. I like going to a sushi restaurant that doesn't have run-of-the-mill rolls. I enjoy seeing creativity! Keeping a menu fresh is so important with all the sushi places out there now. House does a wonderful job of differentiating themselves. Go there, and see for yourself. It's not just a House, it's home; home of new and modern sushi creations. Yummy!
4	Great hidden sushi place next to a big movie theatre. Went there for the first time with my fiancee and friend from San Diego. We were all impressed with the rolls we ordered, the waitress was very helpful, and she taught us the correct way to do sushi bombs. Also, they were doing 30% off rolls so with all the rolls we ordered and the sushi bombs and a few beers, our bill was only around $70 for the three of us. Good deal for awesome sushi and drinks! I will definitely be going back.
5	If you judged a book by its cover, you probably would not consider going into this sushi joint flanked by a movie theater and a Starbucks.  Luckily, if you are here, you like to get input from fellow foodies.  And as you can see - this is the place to go for sushi!What makes this place great are the creative offerings and the super friendly service.  Start off with the House edamame (special hot sauce).  Then continue on to the very creative rolls.  Surf 'n turf was a fantastic fusion of steak and spicy fish while yellowtail lover was one of the best yellowtail rolls I've ever had.  But the crowning achievement was the appropriately named What the Heck roll - a mix of a whole bunch of stuff that translated into hot deliciousness.  I heard the tempura ice-cream here was great too, but we were too full from the great sushi this time.  Definitely one of the top sushi places in the Valley.
5	This place is NO freakin joke. I had one of the funnest tuna dishes ever. I can't remember the name but it wasn't Tuna Poke, because I told the waitress that I wanted that but something spicier and she recommended the dish just below it. HOLY COW. SPICY!!! And delicious. My mouth was on fire and my heart was warmed. Who knew such a dorky facade would house (no pun intended) such a gem. Please go here, immediately. I would recommend this to anyone near and dear to me. Kids got chicken katsu and enjoyed it. Service was quick and responsive. It wasn't too busy so I'm hoping and praying it was just the odd time we went and that they will THRIVE. Oh, I'm going to have a hard time not going back too often. Sushi, my love, please wait for me. And wait for me at House Modern Sushi. Oh, and mochi ice cream, strawberry, sent me over the edge of full and happy.
5	This place was such a nice surprise! I found the restaurant by chance looking through restaurant.com, and I hadn't found an acceptable Japanese restaurant since I moved here.We had the What the Heck and the Screamin' Roll, ahi tuna sashimi, an unagi roll, house seasoned edamame, and a house salad. Everything was fresh and delicious!  It was interesting to eat a roll with a jalapeno, tomato and onion mix on top. Got a bit of local flair in their sushi menu! It was delicious though. The family running the restaurant is so nice! We got a chance to talk to the chef, Johnny, who was taking a break outside when we left after the meal. He was so friendly and sweet! He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table. We will definitely be back! There are plenty of other rolls we need to try.
2	I came in here because I had seen how amazing all the Yelp reviews were, and now I am completely baffled. The best single word to describe this place is "Forgettable". The spicy tuna roll was so incredibly spicy (even for a native Arizonan) that I didn't even finish it, which has never happened to me with any meal in my life. The fish that was served was of a slimy consistency. The scallop roll was edible, but nothing to write home about. Every roll I ordered fell apart, usually before I had even touched it. The amount of 5 star reviews absolutely blows my mind. I will continue to take my business to the other end of the parking lot.
4	The atmosphere of this restaurant may make you question your decision to eat here because it very obviously used to be a Yoshi's/Kyoto Bowl style place, but I'd encourage you to ignore it.  Lose yourself in the little-too-loud dance music and dig in to the interesting menu.We got the Salmon Lover, Delish, Eel Cucmber, and Sixty Nine rolls.  All were very enjoyable - they were tasty, had good texture, and were more interesting than the standard sushi restaurant fare.  The Salmon Lover was our favorite - a must try.Side note:  I'm allergic to avocado, so I usually get nigiri instead of rolls when I try a place for the first time.  The nigiri here was a little on the spendy side and the rolls were so interesting, I asked the waiter if it would be a problem to leave the avocado out.  He was really nice about it and everything came out allergen-free!
5	I had been wanting to try House for some time, and we finally stopped by on a Sunday evening.  Best.  Decision.  Ever.House Modern Sushi has amazing sushi and rolls. Try the tuna karai if you are able to withstand the heat! It was absolutely delicious.Not only was the sushi fantastic,  but the service was great as well. The place is run by a family, and the atmosphere is trendy (or Modern, tee hee) but also relaxed and comfortable.We were back at House in another few weeks and the experience was just as wonderful.  Some of our favorites are the sixty-nine roll, the surf and turf, and the salmon lovers roll (ask for this one last, it's like dessert!)The restaurant itself is a bit small,  but would be able to accommodate a large party due to the layout.Don't miss their all day happy hour right now, all rolls are 30% off!
3	3.5 stars, but the best sushi I've had in Az so far.  And by sushi, I'm not talking about deep fried rolls with lots of sauce or hot sauce on them.  I'm talking about the fish.  The saba wasn't the normal crappy saba you get in Az.  It was mildly strong (i.e., perfect).  The shiro mutsu was buttery and very fresh.  The hamachi was the best hamachi I've had in a while, including all of my sushi eating in the Bay area.  Good hot appetizers as well (e.g., agedashi tofu).  Service was good and the tables were wobbly.  I'll be back if I have a sushi craving while I'm in Az.
5	My husband and I have been here twice and we can't wait to go back again soon. First of all, it's tucked into the AMC theatre plaza, behind the larger restaurants in the area, and I wish they had better signage so they'd get more business.  The restaurant decor is average, nothing fancy (but we've learned that the less expensive decor = way better food, typically).  The wait staff has always been really sweet, and we've never had to,wait for a table or service since we've been two of their four customers both times.Everything we've ordered has been phenomenal, but our favorite so far is the salmon sushi rolls that are cooked, just enough to be slightly crispy.  The veggie rolls are always fresh, with crisp, perfect veggies. The Yaki soba is delicious and not too oily or messy. My husband loves their authentic beer selection.The only thing I'd change is I wish they had a better drink selection. I've ordered water during both visits, wishing they had a decent wine list, but again, for great sushi, I'll do without.Aside from the food, the best thing about this place is the price. With beer and tips, we've never paid more than $25 for dinner.Please support this independent restaurant. They really deserve the business.
5	Why go to the corporate sushi restaurants for the same old thing? This place takes them by far. Great food and the presentation is amazing. Then you top it off with great service and good prices. Think I found my new sushi restaurant. Oh yea, try the tempura cheesecake.
4	My husband and I decided to try this place since it was minutes from our home. We were not disappointed! We ordered a few rolls; the crazy California which was pretty good, the amigo and the Arizona were our favorites though. The rolls are smaller but this place offers 30 percent off all the time. We will definitely be going back!
2	Went here for a family dinner. I originally stumbled onto this right at the grand opening but feel as if the quality has dropped dramatically. The rolls are small and  shriveled, the quality of the fish is mediocre, not fresh but not fishy either. The family owners are great but I just can't lead people to believe that this is the best sushi in the area. There are places that offer full healthy rolls that forte fresh fish instead of added fillers and fancy sauces littering the top.
5	Good sushi at a good price!! Worth checking out
3	Great sushi.. awsome service!! Jjust sucks its in a strip mall.. good place to grab a bite before or after a movie... saki bombs!
5	Very good sushi!  its a small hidden place but fantastic rolls!
3	We decided to stop by this place because we felt like continuing our sushi quest yesterday, it was close, and it has good reviews.  I wasn't expecting a whole lot, however, since it was the East Valley, and the first thing I noticed was the lack of an actual sushi bar and visible sushi chefs.  Plus, there was techno music playing.  I HATE when they do that.  Sorry, but I want an authentic experience, complete with Japanese dudes chopping up my fish in plain sight, and 15th century Japanese music with pan flutes and hand drums or whatever they use.  A samurai trained in the bushido tradition standing by the door in order to slice up unruly guests would also be a nice touch, but I'll give them a pass on that one.Anyways, we sat down at the table, and started with the miso soup.  This was some of the strongest miso I've had.  It was almost like they were trying too hard.So, I wasn't real hopeful, although they had some nice cuts of fish on the menu... Halibut, toro, uni, etc... Nothing crazy, but still some good stuff.  Unfortunately, they were out of all the interesting stuff.  The live specials were only available on weekends, and by Monday, they were all out.  Cool that they have them, but unfortunate that we couldn't actually try them.I also wanted to try the beef tataki sashimi style, but for some reason, it was only available in nigiri.  Why?  You can put a strip of seared beef over rice, but you can't serve them alone?  This did not make sense to me.We ordered a couple of the special sashimi items - some hamachi dish whose name I don't recall, and the Screaming "O" - as well as white tuna sashimi, albacore sushi, red snapper sushi, surf clam sushi, and the Sixty Nine Roll.The hamachi was overly stepped in citrus.  I mean, it was so citrusy that you were basically eating lemons with the texture of raw fish.  I'm the kind of guy who likes to taste fish when he eats fish.The Screaming "O" was pretty good, despite its overpowering spice and marinade.  Also masked the tuna flavor, but it was a seared dish, so it wasn't as bad.  It would have been better had they dialed it down a notch, but it was still tasty.The sushi and sashimi was typical.  Basically what you'd expect from a standard sushi place.Sixty Nine Roll was pretty good.  It is basically softshelled crab and shrimp tempura on the inside and fish (I believe it was the standard tuna, yellowtail, and salmon) on the outside.  Good filler to finish off the meal.Finally, we ended with some tempura ice cream and tempura cheesecake for dessert.  The cheesecake was nice and thick, but also pretty much frozen and impossible to cut with a spoon.  The tempura batter was all wrong; it was thick and crunchy, not light and flaky like tempura is supposed to be.At the end of the day, I decided that this place is good for what it tries to be.  Its appeal is not for those who love sushi.  It's sushi for people who probably like to eat at Chipotle, Zupas, or whatever the newest trendy chain place is, but every now and then want to eat some raw fish.  It has enough to perhaps expand the horizons for those who don't often eat sushi, but not much that will interest those who like a new adventure every meal.
4	Loved it! Affordable and high quality sushi!
4	My husband and I came here yesterday with my sister-in-law and her husband and met up with my highschool friend who lives in Chandler.  We picked the place because of the good reviews in Yelp.True to the reviews, this place was amazing! We ordered What the Heck roll, Amigo roll, Screaming roll, Fantasy roll, Crazy Philly roll and Japanese Lasagna roll.  All of them are delish!!  My faves are the Fantasy, Crazy Philly & Amigo.  My husband who doesn't eat sushi fell in love with What the Heck that we ended up ordering another one. They said it is perfect with their sake bomb.Service was excellent although the server seems to be having a not-so-good day coz she spilled drinks twice on our table. It was ok coz it was purely accident and she was very attentive.The place is clean including the restrooms. It is a little pricey and hope they have AYCE.  Will definitely be coming back here for sure.
3	Can't let this slide with such high rings. Decent food, but nothing wonderful here.
2	I was really surprised to see that this placed had 4.5 stars, which was why we tried it. The food was not good and the fish did not even seem fresh. I would not recommend this to anyone. Don't be fooled by the reviews.
5	Yum yum yum. :)
2	Sushi was good.Service was slow.Not bad if you have some time to waste before a movie, but not really worth it if you are traveling specifically to come here. There are better locations for sushi nearby.
5	Some of the best sushi rolls I've had. Be warned on Fri/Sat night you might wait a bit for a table, and for your food. But it's well worth the wait.
3	Searching for a great Sushi establishment in the area, I came across House Modern on Yelp. We decided that we would give it a try. Because it is in the same area as the Movie Theatre it made for an easy date. I was really impressed with the quality of the fish. We started off ordering 2 rolls- both had some kind of fried ingredient in the middle. They were very tasty- but we both wanted something a bit more "fresh" and simple. I started to look over the menu and could only find 2 rolls(specialty) that did not have a fried item. I do appreciate the occasional crunch in my roll, but I would like to see more raw options. The tuna we ordered was absolutely delish!I would definitely go back here if I were in the area- I have heard they have a great Happy Hour.
4	Loved eveything I got.  What the Heck Roll, Crazy Philly, and Amigo roll so delish.  Worth coming back because so flavorful and affordable.
5	We had the pleasure of coming across this great little tucked away Sushi restaurant two nights ago in the AMC complex. We were so surprised by the excellent service and wonderful Sushi. Everything was fresh, well presented and tasted great! I also had the vegetable tempura which was very good. They have very creative sushi rolls and I can't wait to return and try them all! Another plus is that the bill was very affordable for what we ordered. A must try place!
4	Very good! Best gyoza I've ever had...super crispy and steaming hot. We got our usual crispy california roll, and tried the Citea, which was okay (tasted good, but I like more crunch to my sushi and it didn't have cucumber in it). But we're definitely going to go back and try some other ones, the menu had some really cool looking rolls we want to try!
5	My wife and I went to House Modern Sushi for the first time today.  It is very casual, so if you are expecting north Scottsdale atmosphere it is not here, however, the food blows away anything I've had there.  The "what the heck" roll, the "surf and turf" roll, the "vampire" roll, and the "arizona" roll are the selections we tasted.  Four for four as each roll had very distinctive flavors and simply put, AWESOME!!  We will definitely return and try out the various other rolls we just did not have the room for.
4	I decided to have lunch before a movie. around May of 2012. I was going to give this place a low score because the Ikura and quail egg sushi I ordered looked terrible. I wasn't even going to eat it until the server saw that I did not even touch it. He brought out a fresh dish and that changed my mind. The oysters were great, good size and good seasoning.
5	We went on Sunday around 6 pm and was not busy at all. The service was a little slow but well worth the wait! We were a party of 6 and ordered soo many rolls that I don't even remember what they were but were ALL very very good, we also ordered 2 sides of chicken terayaki and the baked oysters, our total was 120.00 not bad I'd say. I can truly say I've found my new sushi restaurant!!!
5	My sister and I discovered this place on Yelp and tried it with out brother and my husband last night. OMGGGGGGGG if i could give it ten stars I would. It was absolutely the best sushi I have had in arizona. My sister is from NYC and she said the same. We were blown away with the amazing flavors that were combinated and how delicious everything was. We ordered the Bonzai, the What the heck (2)and the Mexican. We inhaled the food.... it was just so delicious. I plan on making this a weekly trip. The restaurant itself is very simple but very comfortable. The service was also great. There was not a waiter or waitress at our table every 3 seconds asking if we need anything. If you are look for AMAZING DELICIOUS FRESH sushi then this is the place to go. Truly a hidden gem!!
5	Great little sushi joint thats tucked in shopping center.  There's plenty of sushi places around but this one is one step above the surrounding competition.  Its family owned and operated so service is warm (surprisingly for an asian family owned joint).  The great thing about it is the menus HAS PICTURES of the actual roll itself and a description.  My biggest pet peeve is not knowing what my sushi will look like.  Most sushi have ridiculous names and the description generally barely helps (THINK RA SUSHI).  I like the non-tradtional concoctions that House Sushi has made up.  2 things that i look for in sushi is portion and taste.  The portions are HUGE (unlike RA SUSHI) and deffinitely filling.  And second is the taste, i love it when my sushi has its own separate sauce to it.  not too much to drown it, and not too little to make it seem like just decoration.  But enough that you can taste, dip, whatever.  So kudos to that.  All in all good food at even better prices.  All their specialty rolls are UNDER $10!  HUGE ROLLS THAT ARE UNDER $10 is great.  Cant beat this place if you're in the area for great sushi.PRO-Pictures on the menu-HUGE portions (1 fills me up)-great sauces-great sushi-CHEAAPPPPP PRICES-happy hour specials too!Cons-small place-not big on drinks-the male waiter is a total hottie, so distracting to eat.  (hahahha)
5	Great sushi and service was quick!
4	We ordered three rolls. There as the rainbow roll, surf and turf roll and lobster roll. All three were so delicious. It's rare to find beef in a roll so I knew I had to order it. Surprisingly it was really tender and scrumptious. The bill came out to about $30 without tip thanks to the all day 30% off sushi happy hour. Now only if I can find a good Mexican spot!
5	Wow so good
5	Best. Sushi. In. AZ.For real though, this place blows me away. For reference, everything House Modern serves is delicious. They serve everything from katsu, udon, tempura, yakisoba, yakitori, miso, ramen, nigiri, and teriyaki. I've tried half of these so far, and they're all really good, but the sushi really does steal the show here.If you just want some straight up old school sashimi or no frills nigiri sushi, they have any -- and I mean ANY -- kind of fresh fish you could ever want. Don't get me wrong, the classics are great, but at House Modern getting these or even a California Roll or Spicy Tuna is a damn shame. You'll understand why once you go.They have over 30 specialty rolls that I have NEVER seen before. Nothing even like them. I've had sushi at dives and at top rated sushi bars all over SoCal, in the Bay Area, in Las Vegas, in Hawaii, and in New York. I have never been to a single restaurant with rolls as creative as this place has. It is legitimately crazy. And it's in Mesa, AZ of all the Godforsaken seafood locations. I mean this place is in a strip mall next to a movie theater, but it beats out renowned sushi bars on the Vegas Strip. The rolls range from around $8.00-$13.50, so about average market price, but they are worth so much more. If they opened up in LA with a couple thousand square feet of extra dining space, they could charge 4 times the price and be half as innovative.If you really love California Rolls or think a Rainbow Roll is creative, don't even bother. Go to Got Sushi or Ra Sushi, they have juuust what you'll want. If you love seafood and want to try it in dozens (with an S) of ways you've never seen let alone thought about, House Modern will be a revelation.Just as a side note, the couple who serve up front are tight. The service is lightning fast even when every table is full and even though there are only 2 servers. This place gets super busy on weekends when everyone's eating before going to a movie at AMC, yet sushi rolls and entrees still come out in about 10 minutes. The fast and friendly service is just icing on a deliciously fishy cake. HIGHLY recommended from a sushi junkie. And not a hipster-douchebag one, by the way.
3	The array of selection is wonderful. Fresh, clean and tasty.
5	I really can't praise this place enough! It has been 6 months since my first review and our first visit to this restaurant, and all our meals since then have been just as spectacular! We have brought our friends here and they are all 5-star converts as well! My husband and I have always enjoyed trying new rolls and they have all been interesting and delicious. The udon here is phenomenal. I usually don't finish my broth at other restaurants, but here I lick the bowl clean. I'll order it even when it's burning hot outside -- that broth is addictive! If only they made ramen as well....lolThe food and the family that owns the place are truly delightful. Love, love, love!!!
5	Thanks yelpers for finding this place. I tried it based on the outstanding reviews and was not disappointed. I went for the Tuna Kurai thinking I could stand the heat, but it was intense and delicious. I ordered a side of rice with it to calm the spice a little cuz I'm kind of a weakling when it comes to spicy food, so definitely try it if you enjoy a spicy kick. Been craving sushi and will probably hit this place up this weekend :)
2	I'm going to write this place off as just one of those things in which Mesa patrons are just not capable of giving accurate info when it comes to sushi. Our experience?  Pretty terrible.  I have a few standbys I get everywhere to compare.  One is a spider roll.  DO you freshly fry the crab or are you lazy?  This place was lazy.  Not warm at all.  "Look at all that cool different stuff on the ad on the table, do you have that stuff?" server: "No".  wth is the point of having some goofy food distributor ad with options that you don't have?  We wound up ordering much less than normal just to get out while we could so it was more like half of a meal.  We got a few other things that were all underwhelming leading me to lump it up with 90% of sushi places in town.... they fall into the DO NOT RETURN category.  I have a feeling an east valley native 4 star at a sushi place is equal to a 1.5-2 star review for people not from land locked states.  Minus points for no sushi bar too.Now to the best part.  A fella with a heavy country accent, Wranglers and a cowboy hat rolled in with another fella.  This was his time to show off and puff his chest out with how worldly he was.  "I want you to fry me some of that salmon and then put some of that sauce on it... yeah.. the panko stuff... yeah with that aoli stuff too".  Did I just hear that correctly?  Take sashimi grade salmon and fry it?  Maybe that is the target audience...This is an average run of the mill place.  Not good, not awful.  The disappointing part was the buildup with the rave reviews.  Went expecting exceptional, not underwhelming.  Part of me thinks people are reviewing sushi for best prices, not best quality or flavor.  If you like RA, this place will be fine.  If you struggle finding good sushi, keep looking.
4	Outstanding fish. On the more expensive side. Small menu. Good for happy hour but portion is a bit unsubstantial for a meal. Owners are Japanese. I stand by the quality of its food.
4	Man is it hard to find good sushi in AZAlmost as hard as finding good Mexican x_xHouse Modern does fusion sushi (AKA lots of spicy sauce and mango dressing) and nigiri up to my standards and will be a place I will frequent in Mesa for my maguro needs.Definitely not the best when compared to Cali sushi joints but is leagues better then the other places I have eaten in Arizona. Plus the fact that they have a lot of choices on the menu bodes to good things, though they didn't have hirame in stock when I visited.  ;_; (They also have a 20% deal on rolls and sushi right now)
4	Screaming roll is good, has a citrus taste with Shrimp tempura.  Salmon lover's roll is also good.  Salmon sashimi was fresh. Friendly mom and pop restaurant with good service.  We'll def come back for more. We've eaten here 3 times.
5	Best sushi in Mesa! I been here twice and I have no complaints. The rolls are unique. I'll be back sooner than later :).
4	Just had lunch here and it was really good.  Tried a couple of new dishes and loved them.  We were the only 2 in the whole place, which is a bit sad.  Hope they survive as the food is well worth it.
4	We found this restaurant through Yelp & it had a good rating but mixed reviews, so we ventured there with no expectations... WE WERE PLEASANTLY SATISFIED! The Jalapeno Poppers with crab were some of the best poppers I've EVER had... they are a must try! There weren't many patrons, at one point we were the only ones there at about 5pm on a Friday evening, that could have been a concern being a Sushi place, but the food/fish was fresh & DELICIOUS. We have it on our list of must go again. The service was excellent! Thank you!(They are currently offering 20% off all day Happy Hour on Sushi ROLLS only)
5	This is, without a doubt, one of my favorite sushi restaurants ever!! The food is always fabulous. The service is wonderful. This has become our weekly haunt for great food. One of our regular orders is the Japanese lasagna. A super tasty dish.
5	Great time last night. Ordered the What The Heck, Vegas, 69, sake bombers, misosoup,a couple chicken dishes and much more. Food was 100%. Servers were casual yet attentive and they knew the menu well. We were able to make reservations a couple hours in advance with no problems. There were about 4 or 5 tables being servedconstantly which is about 50% of the restaurant. Kind of a bad location way off stapley dr behind a Starbucks. Fried cheesecake was the biggest hit for the adults and kids. Prices were a good value since the quality if the food was so high.
5	Great food and service. I typically go to RA next to my work and this places is leaps and bounds better. I loved the Dragon and Vegas rolls.  The tempura ice cream was also very good.  The fish was all fresh and had great flavor, the service was great. The atmosphere was that of a small joint and I could see it getting crowded depending on the day. I personally would wait in line to get in. I did not sample any of the drinks so I cannot speak for those.I will be giving these guys all of my "Sushi" business going forward.  I should note that this place is 7 miles from me and I'm closer to Kona Grill.
4	Service was quick, drink was always kept filled without having to ask.  The fresh wasabi that came with the sashimi is a great plus.  The baked mussel appetizer was very good, it wasn't smothered in faux crab like a lot of other places.  Place that we will definitely be returning to and recommending to others.
5	We have a new Sushi spot. Probably the best Sushi I've had in 10 years. I recommend the surf n turf roll!
4	Great little sushi place. Everything was great and the rolls were very original. The Leo roll was great!
5	This place is epic! Best sushi in town. You gotta try this place their food is soooo good
5	After contemplating the usual sushi places and denying my boyfriends' need to watch his food circulate the entire restaurant, I decided to give House a try. After reading all the reviews I already planned my order and I was not disappointed. Hands down the best sushi I've had in Arizona. Others might see satisfaction through their wallet, I on the other hand don't mind the prices if the food is up to par, and House definitely delivers that and more. We started off with the Agedashi tofu, Salmon skin salad and Salmon kama (collar). After the first bite I was hooked and it set the tone for the rest of the meal. I was thoroughly excited for what was next. As per the reviews, we ordered the Sixty-nine and dynamite roll. After all of that, we still wanted more so we finished the meal with a What the heck and it blew our minds. We even saved 30% on rolls for happy hour! We will definitely be coming back and trying their other offerings.
3	Service is friendly although not too fast. "House edemame" comes doused in garlic salt - if you like that sort of thing. Gyoza was awesome and the rolls were good. Somewhat overpriced though.
5	The best sushi in east valley. Vegas, Fantasy and Shrimp Lover are my favorite!
5	Excellent dinner of many new-to-me choices. Beef nigiri was delicious, little hard to chew but very tasty. Gyoza was great! Love that it's crispy fried. The yakisoba was phenomenal to round out dinner. At the waitress's suggestion I tried the red bean and green tea mochi which were both outstanding. No pictures because it was too delicious to wait!!
5	Well we've gone bk at least 6+ times and the quality is still very good.  Service is great. I still love the screaming roll. A mix of spice n citrus ;)))The uni was very fresh and the soft shell crab is crunchy n tasty.
5	I enjoyed their nightly sashimi special, with Echigo rice beer, and great service. I will return. Thank you house of modern sushi.
4	Great find in Mesa. The house specialty rolls are creative and delicious. Be sure to try the What The Heck rolls! Will come back.
5	Absolute Best Sushi in town!  We come here often!  Favorite rolls are "what the heck" and "screaming roll"... Love the atmosphere. Love the house music and vibe of this restaurant! Family owned and friendly staff!
5	My bf and I were in town for the weekend and had dinner here last Saturday. The place is small, but WOW is it delicious! I'm almost embarrassed to say we went back three more times before leaving town. The miso soup has a great home made taste, along with the special rolls (lion, amigo, caterpillar, what the heck, and a few more I can't remember :/) even the house salad was amazing. The prices are great, I've paid a lot more for sushi from the big chain sushi restaurants, and in no way do they compare to sushi house.
5	We've been searching for a good sushi place for years and tonight we finally found it! House Modern Sushi truly lived up to its good reviews!The restaurant is SMALL - so you may have prepare yourself for a wait. There is also no actual sushi bar (everything is made in the kitchen). We had the "What the heck!", "Crunch Scallop" and the Baja - each of the rolls was unique, fresh and very satisfying! I've eaten at a TON of sushi places and these were very creative rolls but you could still taste the fresh fish even with some of the bold sauces.We ended our meal with the tempura ice cream - nice little end to our mealWe are definitely excited to come back to try different rolls :)
4	Went here for a date night a few weeks ago, and I was surprised to see that it took the spot of what was once L&L BBQ. It's sort of a weird set up for a sushi restaurant, but it looks like they are making it work. It's very small though and it filled up quickly for dinner when we were there. We had gyoza, a california roll, and then two of their house rolls which we really liked. Everything was good, but I think I'm kind of burned out on sushi so I can't rave about it. I'd definitely recommend it though
3	Went back today and the service was very slow, the roll we got with fried shrimp was really really heavily battered could hardly taste the shrimp.  I think I'll stick to my local favorite.  Prices we a bit steep.
5	Second time eating here. The Amigo Roll and Scallop Roll are the best so far. It hasnt been busy either time Ive been here for lunch. The house special rolls are 20% off right now too!
2	Let me start off by saying, this place has no sushi bar! Why didn't someone's review say that? To me, sushi is a experience, I love watching and interacting with my chef. The sushi wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.Price was also on the high side. Was very disappointed. Just seemed like mall sushi.
5	Excellent sushi! Very fresh. A wide variety of sushi rolls to choose from. It's in the strip to the left of the AMC theater next to Starbucks. You are missing out on great food if you don't try it.
4	What a surprise this place was. Tucked in the back of a strip mall. The sushi was excelent, the fish was fresh and the service was great. The rolls are also reasonably priced 10-13$. I will definitely be back. And ya there is no sushi bar but I go for the food not the show.
5	Good little surprise ! The Hawaiian and Baja rolls are super tasty! I enjoyed it very much. The fish is fresh and there are plenty of choices. Some rolls are a little pricey but definitely worth it.
3	This place has fresh sushi but like all sushi places it comes with a price.  The rolls were yummy and the sashimi even better.  We got Ono(white tuna), salmon, and yellowtail, beef tataki.. all the fish was super fresh! The beef tataki however I was not a big fan of.. its more cooked than usual (which some people actually prefer), I like mine like sashimi. The resturant is quite small.. which baffled me when we had to sit there for over 10 mins waiting for someone to help us, don't get me wrong the workers are friendly but they seemed to just stand around instead of taking our order.  Once we got over that small bump it was smooth sailing,  the only thing that wasn't good was the udon.. so little for such high price.  For now I'll give a 3 star, maybe when I come back next time my mind will be changed.
2	You get what you pay for. The prices here are cheap and the sushi reflects that quality. We ordered a tuna role, albacore role and avocado roll and they were nothing but rice. Might as well have just gotten a side of rice for all the fish we got. Advice: go elsewhere if you want sushi that actually has something besides rice and seaweed.
5	We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday. Quiet little joint, great service, nice atmosphere. The kake (vegtable) udon was so yummy! Buttery noodles, hot broth and BIG mushrooms! Philly, Hawaiian, and miso were also very good! We will be back!
5	Great service and great food. Sushi is one of my favorite foods and this place does it for me.Recommend the Japanese Lasagna roll. It's creamy and tastes great.Lunch crowd can be light but get there early for dinner.
4	My boyfriend and I were a little iffy about how long it took the waitress to take our drink orders, but man did the food make up for it. We ordered the What The Heck, the Japanese Lasagna, the Fuji, and the Vegas. Each one was so, so delicious.
4	Great food!  Try the Baja or the Arizona rolls!  Several types of sake later.. It's all good!
5	Great sushi restaurant! Everything is yummmazing! No need to hesitate stopping in. Thank you to our server, Steve for the great experience! Can't wait to come back!
5	Great rolls!!! Love a good sushi roll that has a little bit of everything. What the heck roll - fabulous! Special Philly roll in tempura (forgot the name... Oops) - mouth-watering. Best of all - great prices... Definitely will be back.... LOTS!
5	I ended up coming here because the other sushi place in the same strip mall was closed for a private party, but I was very grateful that I came here instead. The selections were awesome, and they were willing to accommodate my request for soy paper instead of seaweed for a small surcharge, which I always appreciate. The rolls ended up being enormous, and I was incredibly thankful that the waiter had the foresight to stagger the timing of our rolls. My boyfriend and I weren't able to finish everything, so we were able to cancel one of our rolls before they started making it. Warning: 2 rolls per person is plenty. We normally have no trouble putting away 5-6 rolls between us, but we definitely underestimated our abilities this time. Plus, they told us that the soybean paper is larger than the seaweed, so it makes the whole roll thicker and that's why it is $1 per roll extra. Anyway, these were some of the best rolls we have ever had, and I was soooooo upset when we got back to the hotel and I forgot the leftovers of our meal in the car. Don't waste any of this deliciousness!! You will regret it!!
5	Went here today with my wife, the Sushi was so much better than I expected from this little place in a strip mall. We will definitely be back, the staff were courteous and friendly and they got all the little special requests we had for our Sushi correct which is a rarity. My wife does not like cucumber or avo and usually ends up having to remove it even after asking for it to be omitted, this place got it all right every time!We have been to a number of other Sushi places in the valley and this one was definitely right up there with the best.We will definitely be back.
5	Awesome sushi! Our fifth time here, still love this place.
2	Went for what I was hoping was going to be great sushi, based on reviews.  Because you never know what you are going to get, we ordered 2 rolls to start.  I was really excited and was fairly disappointed. The rice was DRY. Not kind of dry, but really dry.  LIke it was from earlier in the week dry.  The rolls had good taste to them, had the rice been fresh this probably would have been really good.  After two rolls of incredibly dry rice we choose to go try a different sushi place.  We won't be going back for another try.  It was pricy for what we got.
5	First time trying this place and arrived on a Sunday at noon. We Were the first table in and were greeted immediately. Menu is simple and easy to choose from. We ordered three rolls a fantastic, Vegas and shrimp lovers.Rolls arrived quickly. Oh my goodness so good! We finished off all three in 15 minutes. Will certainly be back.  Delicious!
4	Very nice time.  Loved the lunch specials, good service, very clean.  Chu did a good job serving.  Loved the Hawaiian Roll, surf and turf was good too.  I would ask for the rind of the cucumber to be peeled next time, but overall a great sushi dine.  I will be back!!!
3	Was excited to try House Sushi after seeing all the positive Yelp reviews but came away with just an average experience.  Sushi was good, but nothing exceptional nor any better than the other sushi places in the vicinity.  What I couldn't get past was not having a sushi bar to sit at and not being able to watch the sushi chef prepare your sushi.  Just seemed odd for the sushi to come out of a back kitchen.
3	The sushi was good, but the service is really slow.  Good place for first date or a nice night out with the wife.
4	I went in on a dinner date on a Thursday night.Overall I am really satisfied with this restaurant. The place was really modern and unlike any sushi place I have ever been to. All the sushi is prepared in the back, not in front of you.The quality of the food was superb, and overall the best sushi I have had in Arizona. The menu is full of many creative choices that I have not seen anywhere else. I highly recommend the "what the heck" roll.
5	What should i say... we are from germany, so this kind of sushi is totally new for us, but it was more than impressed. It's delicious, there was no point to say, ok this could be better... it was perfect. We had a nice conversation with the owner, he was totally friendly, very open minded and really hospitable.
5	Sushi was really good with variety of selections. Creative rolls that I didn't have to use the sauce. I ordered 69 rolls, poke tuna, what the heck, salmon wraps, etc. absolutely love all of them! Will come back to try other items on their menu, sure worth 14 miles drive.
4	Yum!! Leaving happy with a full stomach. Salmon wrap was DELISH. Never had anything like that before, and it was better than sashimi. Tuna poke salad was near perfection, and I say "near" because I think it would taste better with a side of rice. It had too much flavor to be served over a bed of that white crunchy radishy stuff that's usually used as garnish for sashimi samplers. Seriously, who actually eats the white stuff? As for rolls.... I tried the salmon lovers which was ok, but it had way too much cream cheese and not enough salmon. The Cali crunch was good. 69  wasn't as great as I expected lol. The what the heck roll was different but I didn't care for it. Another thing I wasn't too fond of is how BIG each piece was. You would think that's a good thing but when it comes to sushi, I want to be able to eat the pieces in one comfortable ladylike bite. Haha. The service was decent, although I don't think they looked or acted professionally. It seemed borderline lazy. I also don't like their dinnerware. LOL. That's a funny thing to say but presentation is half of what makes food yummy. It's supposed to look good too. Cheap plastic plates that are in shapes that take up too much table space can make eating unappetizing and uncomfortable. So overall experience would actually be 3/5....but damn. That salmon wrap and tuna poke. I would keep coming back just for that alone. Quality of fish earns that extra star.
5	Absolutely delicious and amazing service! We will most definitely be back and look forward to exploring the menu more. We had the shrimp lover and citea both very good and we had the tuna and salmon sashimi as well with tip $34 which is a great deal for a fantastic meal and exceptional service.
3	Here is one of those times where I just wonder what the heck Yelpers are thinking.  This place is not bad but certainly not deserving to be rated higher than many of the other sushi joints in the area.  First ill start with the fact that there is no sushi bar.  This is a huge deal for me for many reasons primarily because you cannot see the fish and quality prior to ordering.  The rolls were good but a few were mushy including the albacore on one of the rolls that was actually bad.  Ive eaten albacore all my life and this was not right.  The sauces were also very heavy on some of rolls making it impossible to taste the fish itself.  Service was fast but with no personality or friendliness.  Food came quick and well spaced out which is important with sushi.  Good Asian beer list with an average sake list. I'd have to say that considering the price ill be taking my biz to other joints nearby.
5	Had our Father's Day lunch here and boy was it good. I'm not a huge sushi person but the selections they had were so fun and unique. There was something for everyone. Delicious and creatively decorated. Don't forget to look up at the ceiling when you go in to see some beautiful cloud art.
2	Not sure where everyone that loves this place has had sushi before, but it's a tiny storefront with almost no ambiance, the prices were to high for what you got, the rolls really weren't all that good (not bad, just not tasty), selling a can of soda for $1.50(???), and the server talked way too much while we were trying to eat.On the plus side, the What the Heck roll was interesting and very nice looking.  On the down side, the fish in the Philly Roll was very fishy and did not taste fresh...I would not return here.
5	Great sushi.  Friendly service.  A good mom and pop operation. The bonsai roll was delicious.   One of the better sushi places and great prices too.
5	This place has amazing service and sushi! I highly recommend giving them a try! You will not be disappointed.
5	Thee best sushi in town!!! My cousin and I stop by this place at least once a week, sometimes even more. I got her hooked on sushi by taking her to this place! My favorite rolls to get are the shrimp lover's, caterpillar, and dragon roll. The shrimp lover's has an amazing wasabi mayo sauce on it, and even if you don't like wasabi (like myself) or you're not a fan of spicy food, you'll LOVE it. It also has shrimp tempura sticking out of both ends and avocado and shrimp slices on top. The dragon roll has eel and avocado on top, and eel and crab inside and it's doused with eel sauce. They also put a unique spin on the caterpillar roll by frying the eel is tempura so it has a refreshing crunchy texture unlike other caterpillar rolls I've had in the past. The dynamite roll is just California rolls topped with sauteed mushrooms, scallops, shrimp, onions, carrots, and scallions, kind of disappointing because it was not what I was expecting but still really good, nonetheless. I've also gotten the shrimp tempura appetizer and seaweed salad which are both great. The prices are also very fair, as well. I think that you get way more than what you paid for.
5	Absolutely amazing! There are a few must tries:Lion rollAmigo rollCaterpillar rollWhat the heck rollHouse salad and calamari compliment each other well. Enjoy!
3	The sushi is good. I crave the shrimp cracker at least once a week and I've never even heard of it before coming here. The service from the women always sucks but the guy who works there is on top of it. I'm in the service industry and if the sushi wasn't so good, I wouldn't come back.
5	California roll, teriyaki chicken, tempora all very delicious.  The house salad was over the top! Great restaurant with nice staff!
4	SO GOOD!!!!!!! The only roll I got that wasn't good was a lobster roll. It just had no flavor. Everything else I had was AMAZING!!! Now that I'm done raving about the food, I do have two complaints. 1) The hostess wasn't super friendly or anything. She was really hard to understand and made no effort to speak more clearly so we'd know what she was talking about. 2) There's no where near enough tables. The place is an okay size but there's probably only like 10 tables? Maybe I'm remembering wrong. There's also no sushi bar, which I don't care about, but some people do.
5	So far so good...great menu, great selection!Ordered taking salad, shrimp lovers roll and Arizona roll.
3	The heck roll was aight but nothing special. There were enough finely diced peppers and tomatoes on top of the roll to make 4 servings of salsa. I was hoping there would be more flavors that popped out at me to make me say "what the heck" but that didn't happen. I really had high hopes for this roll from previous reviews about this roll. I liked the salmon roll better. It worked with the salmon, cream cheese and eel sauce.
5	Delicious!! Got a chicken entree, and 3 sushi rolls. The crazy California, what the heck, and my favorite, spicy tuna crunch. Nice staff, brought the food out quickly. Can't wait to go back!
2	This place wasn't very good. I see it all the time when I go to the movies next door so I thought for once I'll try it out. It got off to a bad start when my fiance went to the restroom and said it was the worst one she had been in in a restaurant.She ordered the chicken teriyake and it wasn't very good, it was lukewarm. I had intended to order sushi but I saw no sushi bar and there were no pictures that seemed to match what other people were having, so I went with something else. The service wasn't spectacular. The one and only guy in there yelled across the restaurant to see if we were ok more than once.I'll not be coming back. There are better options out there.
3	***Please Read This Review***C'mon Yelp users... These reviews are insane. Does no one have a discerning palate?? I have eaten sushi hundreds of times in several different states and I feel that 3 stars is fairly generous.Pros:- friendly service- prices aren't too bad- nope... No more. That's it for the Pros!Cons:- fish quality is mediocre, at best- they drench most of their rolls in sauce, and the worst part is the sauce is not very viscous, it is watery, so the rice falls apart making eating the piece of sushi cumbersome and annoying. (3 of our 5 rolls were like this)- the water they serve is not filtered, and AZ water sucks something awful. Terrible tasting. Had to order tea to quench my thirst.
4	Good service, nice people with a cute atmosphere.  It's a nice little lunch spot. The bathroom is clean, but smells pretty bad.
4	My second time here.  I visited this spot for lunch on Thursday and loved the Lasagna roll.  Mixed tempura was done nicely with the batter light and crisp.  Kate did mention the cucumbers in the sunomono salad were not crunchy like fresh ones would be.   The polite gentleman server was prompt, courteous and attentive!
4	really good rolls and a few veg. options. Try the tempura ice cream its great.
5	My friend took me here for the first time today, and I have to say, I'm really impressed. I've lived in various Asian countries, and truly know what is and isn't authentic cuisine, and House Modern Sushi is certified exquisite! From top to bottom, this place feels like a sushi house you'd find tucked away in a small side street of Tokyo. I highly recommend HMSR if you're picky about Asian food as I am. You will not be disappointed.
4	Found this place on Yelp, saw good reviews and decided to try it out. It did not disappoint, pretty tasty! Ambiance is lacking and the staff could be more customer service orientated. The prices are average but the Sushi menu is large so lots of options! Overall, I had a good experience and left happy.
5	AMAZING! The place is small but very trendy and cute, and I love their music choice. There was quite a wait for our food, but once it came it was delicious. They so not lie; What the Heck sushi roll is fantastic but also very spicy. We also had their teriyaki chicken entree, they put some seaweed on the rice which looked and tasted great.
4	We ordered assorted tempura, beef stir fry, salmon delight, Arizona roll, California roll, rainbow roll, albacore and tuna nigiri. All the fish looked good quality. I only tasted the salmon delight roll, which was good. On the side salad that comes with the meals they use a wasabi dressing which I thought was awesome! My poor mom ordered a side salad on its own and it came with that usual orange color dressing and not the wasabi dressing. She said it was weird. Her roll and only dish besides the salad came out as every one was finishing their meal. Bummer. The waitress was a little sloppy. She was a little too rough with putting down plates and was a little more interested in the regular at the table behind me when we were ordering. I wasn't sure if she was actually taking my order or the guy behind me's order. To my relief she got everything. The restaurant itself is a decent size but I don't know how they handle larger groups.
4	We are new in town and wanted Japanese food that is not far from our house. Decided to give this a try and thought it was great. Mostly rolls on the menu but the ones we got with raw fish the fish was fresh. Will be back again.
