5	The third location by Terry and America and IT'S IN TEMPE!  I am so excited to have this place so close and having been waiting for weeks for the newest location to open.  The interior is a bit smaller than the Coronado location, but not by much and the patio more than compensates.  Same great food (mmm, carne asada...) and happy hour, so you know what to expect if you've been to the other sites.  If you live in near Tempe and wanted to try this place, but didn't want to drive downtown, you are in luck.
4	The hubby and I have been waiting for this little Taco Shop to open up (hadn't heard of the other locations) and were there opening day.  Great relaxed environment, friendly staff (though it was the first day...so I'm sure they were on good behavior), fair prices ($5 for a burrito) and a ton of sauce selections.  Hubby loved the carne asada and raved about the tortilla...just enough chewy to soft ratio.  I enjoyed the bean burro and we're looking forward to future fun on their patio with friends.  Looks like they have a good happy hour deal and would be perfect for hangin' around a random Thursday night.
5	I can't remember eating better carne asada, or even a better bean burrito, this side of the border. Wash it down with a Mexican Coke and it's heaven. Notes: Interior is very small, maybe 5 tables total (but there's a patio). Service was very quick and friendly. Parking is easy and free.
4	Long-time fans of the downtown location, we were excited to have one near home as well.  So we stopped by after work for a quick dinner.The quality of carne asada is constant.  It's fantastic, just as good as the downtown location IMHO.  We went just a week ago, and they had just opened.  So fresh, in fact that the smell of fresh paint and paint thinner was still fairly strong.  So a negative for now, but I'd imagine with a year of constant grilling and the influx of ASU students in the fall, that minor downside will disappear in no time.  Highly recommend the America's Favorite for two (if there are two of ya!).  Gives a sample of the taco as well as the burrito along with some chips and delicious salsa.  Only wish you could get a smaller side of guac for less than $5.  But, the guac is tasty, albeit not amazing - but definitely a nice addition to the burrito.  The habanero sauce in the bottles on the table work nicely with it as well.  I'd say it's 3.5 stars, but with a bit of seasoning and experience, I'd imagine this will be a 4star easy.  I would also imagine you should take advantage this summer before school gets back in.  I can only imagine how busy this place will be when school is back in session.BTW, for anyone who's not familiar with America's.  They do one thing and they do it well:  Carne Asada.  Don't expect a wide and varied menu.  You can get carne in a burrito or a taco.  Maybe a quesadilla.  That's all the variety you'll get here and it's alllll you will need!
4	This place is really good and close to campus.  They moved in after Papa Johns closed and I heard from either a magazine or some sort of food magazine that said to stop in.   The thing about the Taco Shop is that they have really good Burritos and all sorts of great mexican delights that will fill you up and leave you satisfied.  There menu is diverse enough to give anyone something to munch on.It is a step up from Filibertos or Taco Bell and  is very different tasking then the Chipotle burrito.  This is where I must say if you have the craving of Chipotle your obviously going to go there, but switch it up one time.  It is conveniently located to ASU campus and they have amazing salsa and chips.  I have dreams about there red salsa now, it haunts me with its good taste.Recommendation: For people want a taste other-than Chipotle , making the change, for a more authentic mexican meal for its pricing, taste and red salsa.
4	I love their salsa and chips! Best part of this place is the staff and the owners are so friendly and happy to see you. They appreciate the business and make an extra effort to make sure your order is prepared correctly.Great local business.4 out of 5 stars only because the interior dining area is tiny. There is a patio but it's a bit uncomfortable to sit out there when it's over 100 degrees. Also, lunch lines can get long since they are located so close to the ASU campus. Once school starts, I'm sure the lines will only get longer.
3	It's alright. I don't get the crazed collegiate love for this tiny taco shop. Granted it's only been open for a month or so, but since it's their third location I doubt the menu will change any time in the future and that's really my gripe. Carne asada and al pastor pork. That's it. They'll serve it in just about any iteration of a "tortilla + meat" that Taco Bell has dreamed up six times over, but fact is you're stuck with either carne asada or al pastor.Needless to say the meat should be mind blowing to carry such a limited menu. It was solid, but nothing to write home about. The al pastor tasted overly smoky and there was a strange tinge of sweetness underlying the pork flavor, while the carne asada was good but nothing a dozen other 'Bertos clones couldn't pound out. And I'm sorry, but $2.25 is pricey for one bitsy taco. I could almost get two tacos for the same price at my other taco dives.The elote was also disappointing. I understand that it's "America's corn" and their spin on it, but there was zero chile or lime flavor to the corn. It was very tender but totally slathered in mayo and powdery cheese. I added some lime and chile spice with their dipping sauce, but it was still just so-so. I'm a taco fiend so I'm giving these guys the benefit of the doubt with three stars (when I really want to give them two). And even though I'm at ASU just about every day of the week, I can't say I see myself coming back.
3	I've been to this restaurant three times now.  Some of the food is good, most is merely so-so. Given the prices, it should all be great.Carne asada is the best thing they have to offer. It's much more tender than I've found it at most restaurants, but other recipes have more flavor. Served as a torta with pickled jalapeno slices it's really fantastic. Pastor is okay, but lacks any distinct flavor. Mine was a little chewy. A chicken option would've been nice, but I understand that the restaurant wants to stick to its specialties. I'm glad that there is a lard-free bean burro for those who don't eat red meat or pork.As for sides and such: Aguas frescas are terrible.  The horchata is chalky and the jamaica is cloyingly sweet. Flan has way too much caramel and no real texture, it isn't creamy and it doesn't have the consistency of a cheese flan either. Tastes like it came from a package. Skip all of these.Tortas and burros run about $6, drinks and sides are at least $3. I don't think there's any way to justify a $3 bottle of coke, and the portions are pretty small for the prices. The carne torta gets a definite thumbs up, but I can't recommend this place on the basis of one dish.
1	Went on a Friday during happy hour,tacos were supposed to be half price,they weren't and they weren't any good either.No booze here  and it didn't feel like any air conditioning. Blech... try Los Dos Molinos for real Mexican food.
4	I initially thought it was good but maybe not great when I first tried it but found myself going back and trying the pork instead of the beef and that is when I connected with this place. They cook the pork in a one of those rotating gyro meat cookers with a whole pineapple on top, with the outer skin removed so the pineapple juice continually bastes the outer layer of meat as it cooks. I had the burrito with pork and that was great and then...I tried the torta, that lovely Mexican sandwich. It was on this great, fresh, soft torta bread with a layer of guacamole, not to thick, and then a layer of pork, enough to provide a taste, but not too thick. I loved it! I also like their mexican corn, though it is a bit messy and I have only had it once, since you eat it right off the cob, sprinkled with white queso cheese. So, a reliable place for a quick lunch. The prices seem a bit high for what they offer but...I keep coming back so they must be reasonable. I think that basically they are more of a quality than a quantity place, which is a nice thing to see in a place essentially offering fast food (but not junk food like at many corporate fast food joints). Try it out, I don't think you will be dissapointed. :-)
3	I don't know. I definitely have friends that would name their first born children America and Taco after this place but I just don't get it. It was ok. I got two tacos, one carne asada and one pastor. They were good. But that's it, they were good. They were also small. And they were also expensive. $2.50ish each and I definitely could have eaten 4 (and I'm not a big person)It's just middle of the road to me, I'd never go out of my way to eat there but I'd never complain about going there if that's where my friends were headed either.
4	Went here with a mad hangover with a few friends earlier today. Let me just say, the food certainly hit the spot. I'd been told by some to order anything with carne asada. Boy, am I glad I did!I got the Carne Asada quesadilla (XL, as the regular is just an 8 in tortilla folded in half). It was delicious. Caramelized onions, lettuce, tender carne asada .... it melted in my mouth. Also had some yummy chips and salsa. The patio seating was nice and the shade was an added bonus. I'll definitely check out this place next time in Tempe. :)
2	It seems interesting to me that this place has gotten some really good reviews.  I guess neither I nor my husband "get it."  My husband and I visited this place shortly after it opened.  So, maybe it had made some changes?We had the carnita's burrito.  In my opinion, it was not that great and totally overpriced for what you get.  The carnitas was dry and there was an odd sweetness, perhaps a sweet salsa, in the filling.  I am a salty, savory, spicy person.  I don't like my burritos to be sweet.  I don't think I would visit this place again.  I am just not into it.For some reason it is difficult to find a good Mexican restaurant in Tempe.  I really don't understand why.  My go to is Restaurant Mexico or Chipotle for something quick and cheap in the Tempe area.
4	I had been wanting to try this place for months but was reluctant because I hate dealing with the crowds and parking around ASU.  However, my wife and I decided to give it a shot Saturday afternoon.  For some reason there were no crowds and parking was a breeze.The place is nice, quaint and clean.  Not like your typical taco shop or your local Filibertos.  Well I'm not saying that Fili's isn't awesome because it is, but ATS is just a tad bit different.  We sat outside which was great because the weather was beautiful.  It really was the perfect lazy Saturday afternoon lunch.The food:Guacamole - this was very fresh and good.  I like it a bit more spicy but it was still very good and I would order it again.  The chips were very good as well.Shrimp Cheviche - I thought this was just ok.  Civiche really isn't my thing but my wife loves the stuff.Pastor Vampiro - This was excellent.  I had never heard of a vampiro before so I had to try it.  The thing was loaded with good stuff and the meat was excellent.Taco - My wife ordered a taco (I forget which meat was in it) and it was excellent.America's Corn - This was my favorite part of my meal.  It was sooooo good.  Needed a sprinkle of chili powder though....Anyway, everything was very very good.  All I have to say is that it is way over priced.  Like $2.25 for a real small taco is ridiculous in my opinion but I still think the place is pretty solid.  The service was fast, friendly and courteous and I will definitely be back hopefully soon.  Oh, and I liked their selection of hot sauces on the tables.
3	great ambience, clean, very good.  a little pricey for my taste, but oh well. that's why it doesn't get five stars.  and they have this tamarindo margarita with lucas and chamoy on the rim (not at the tempe location just yet, but apparently the phx location).  it's delicious! you must try it!!!! AMAZING.
4	Came here for lunch at a co-worker's suggestion and was pleasantly surprised.  Always love when you find a place after absolutely no expectations or preconceived notions.The menu is as small as the place and pretty much rotates a couple of proteins (carne asada or pastor) within a few formats, and that's it.  Who am I to suggest messing with success - the food was freshly prepared, flavorful and fast.  I had the carne asada quesadilla and a basket of chips and guacamole - $15 (!) but the amount was enough for two to share, so not that big of a deal there.  The quesadilla was unlike one that I'd had before, with finely shredded lettuce, onion and caramelized onions in the interior - a novel concept for me, but a good idea in terms of letting the carne asada steal the show.  Moist and well-seasoned - it provided a moment of taste-bud joy.Can't give 5 stars only because a) I was not so bowled over by the food that I'd make a special trip here and b) the smell of ceviche almost knocked me down the moment that I set foot in the place.  Don't get me wrong - I love ceviche.  I just don't want the smell of seafood dripping from my pores while I'm eating.  Thank god they have an outdoor patio to eat at.I'm not at all ambivalent about this place, though - will definitely return.
3	The food is as good as the Coronado location but the ambiance is seriously lacking. The inside had a funky smell so we opted for 100 degree heat and ate outside instead.The main reason for three instead of four stars is that they screwed up our order. Not a huge offense, you say? Well they put their uber spicy jalepenos on my toddler's quesadilla instead of on my burrito. They replaced it but still... Bottom line: their food is good- love the carne and pork. We'll eat here again but I'll be double checking to make sure the order is right.
4	After hearing about this place for months and a rough night out at Canteen Tequila Bar I finally tried America's Taco Shop and I'm hooked. The meat was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. The service was quick and friendly. I will definitely be back.
2	I walk past this place every day on my way to class and finally managed to stop in and try it out. The inside of the place is tiny. Fortunately they have a lot of outside seating for everyone. I wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I grabbed one of the menus to take a look. To be honest, I expected there to be more on the menu. Based on the menu, you can get a Taco, Burrito, Torta, Quesadilla, or Vampiro. That sounds like a decent number of choices, because in most places you get the choice of Chicken, Pork a few different ways, beef (shredded, ground, or carne asada), fish, etc. Here, the only choices listed were Carne Asada and Pastor (a marinated pork). I thought the Pastor sounded good, but was disappointed that those are the only choices.The other thing that struck me is that the descriptions on the menu are not that accurate. The quesadilla and the vampiro have the SAME description, except that one lists flour tortilla and one lists corn tortilla. So, I ordered the vampiro because of the corn tortilla and because the price was a dollar less. When I got it, i found out that it is not at all like a quesadilla, and is in fact a lot like a tostada, not something that I had hoped for. It was open face and the tortilla was fried crisp. Also, IT WAS TINY. The vampiro was almost $4.00, it was much smaller than a standard tostada, and it wasn't loaded with the meat and toppings. The food didn't taste bad, but I wasn't thrilled with it, either.All-in-all, I'm not sure ill be back. For that price and size, the food should be better. If the size goes up, price goes down, or the taste improves, then I'll probably come back. Until then, though, my go-to mexican place is Carolina's.
4	Happy to stumble upon this place while looking for a munch on our way to a concert at the Marquee Theater. Really, REALLY good carne asada.  We had burritos, and the trio chip platter which includes chips, salsa and guacamole.  The guac and the carne were authentic with just the right amount of kick. You know you're at an authentic Mexican joint when they garnish your meal with a radish chunk. The price was fine, so I'm not sure about all the griping about being pricey.  The quality of meat makes up for being charged 50 cents more.  This place is a gem.  They have a limited menu, but what they do do is spot on delicious. Tasty to the mex, I mean max.
1	I received a nasty note from a user named Michael M. from Chandler for this review.  He has no reviews of his own and has bookmarked this page. Guess he's the owner or a manager? Rather than harass your customers, maybe you should try actually making decent food at a good price. The last thing PHX needs is more bad Mexican.---Average to below-average mexican food at uptown prices.  I know these folks get a lot of praise for their downtown location, but the food at the Tempe location did not impress me at all.   I ordered carne asada tacos and was horrified to find a thick layer of slimy guacamole in between the meat and tortilla.  Filthy :(I'm also not down for paying $3 for a 7 cent soft drink or paying stadium prices for a beer.  I won't be back.
4	carne asada is really really good. i like it best in the burrito form. i rarely enjoy any beef dishes at mexican joints. usually, its chewy, tasteless and greasy. the carne asada here is none of those things. i love the pastor tacos as well. just like "tacos and beer" taco shop in acapulco. the only thing i wished is that the pastor had a better crust on it. it is supposed to spin on the spit like a gyro and have a crunch to it, but it really doesn't. its worth getting the chips and salsa. the staff is very friendly.
3	Stopped by to grab a quick lunch to go. They have a very small menu, but it still took me a while to decided between the torta and burrito. Since I haven't had a torta since I was about 12 when I was visiting Mexico City, I ordered a carne asada torta and an horchata to drink. Service was friendly and pretty quick. The carne asada was delicious! Finally a place that serves carne asada like I grew up with. The horchata was a little too sweet, but still good. My dad still makes the best.  :)  The torta was a pretty good size, but I think it's a little expensive for lunch and a drink to go. It's a pretty small place with an open kitchen and seating inside and outside under a covered patio. I would stop by again if I was in the area and craving a quick meal.
4	Why all the hate?  America's Taco is right across the street from my Chevron, they serve up cheap amazing bean and cheese burritos, and they have amazing creamy guacamole.What could make it better?  Sweet cinnamonny horchata.It's so cinnamonny that it has two n's.
5	So many of the reviews hate on this place because of the small menu - so what? You want a big menu? Head to Taco Bell or Denny's. You want a cute little taco shack that decided they're going to focus on perfecting two meats - carne asada and pork al pastor - then put it in tacos, burritos, or on a vampiro? Then this is your place. And randomly, they have grilled corn on the cob as well! This is the best pastor I've ever had by far. And the second best carne asada (after the taco cart behind Charlie's on 7th Ave in Phoenix). They cook up everything fresh and to order, yet are still lightning fast. And if you're in the mood to hang out, their outside area is great: benches, heat lamps, sparkly lights.LOVE THIS PLACE.
4	Awesomely delicious pastor tacos and carne asada burritos! Nuff said, go get yourself some :)
5	Whoa. This place was good.I went here today with a friend after my dad told me that it was so good. I went in at around 2:30 which is happy hour (but I didn't know that!) So stupidly I didn't order anything off the happy hour menu... not their fault, but man I felt dumb. Anyway, I ordered a carne asada burrito and a mexican coke. It was expensive! When the food came out a few minutes later I was really happy cuz I was really hungry. The burrito was great! The meat was so flavorful and tender and the guac was delicious. When I go back, I will for sure note the happy hour and get tacos (1$ !!!) and chips and salsa (my friend got them and they were good... .50!!) and maybe a beer or margarita. I definitely will be back, it was super yum.
4	Ok, Ok... I'm a total fan of the staff! Well yes, speaking spanish with mexicans can be fun, and it brings a plus when you order :).Despite I'm a very picky person in terms of tacos or mexican food in general, I actually liked this place. Still this is a bit of Sinaloa's style and you still are missing the REAL flavor of tacos. Ooook! granted! I guess I'll never ever find the real mexican taco flavor in this land, but if you want to try something very close to it and can't afford to go to a Tianguis in any Mexican city (Mexico D.F., Guadalajara, Puebla, etc., etc....) this is a good way to start. The day I went their selection of beers was VERY limited. SKIP TECATE if you appreciate your taste buds please!. Their happy hour, sure can make you happy! Tip the personal and be a happy customer!!
4	Ate here for the first time Monday, and we're going back today!! I got a deal on Voice Deal of the Day, so I was hoping it would be good.I tried the Al Pastor (kinda like BBQ Pork) Quesadilla. A-MAZING!! It was soft, juicy, crispy, and crunchy all at the same time!! Great flavor combinations with the pork, cilantro, pineapple and guacamole.I also tried the chips/salsa/guacamole.Loved the chips and guacamole made me yearn for more. BUT... the salsa was so flipping nasty!! Seriously tasted like they opened a can of tomato sauce and called it salsa. They don't have a huge menu selection (basically Al Pastor and Carne Asada) but it's still worth the visit.
4	How American are your tacos?  This place is pretty good ~ I like my tacos American please!This place was a Papa Johns back in my prime days at ASU but they did a great job of redecorating to make the place seem less greasy.For a first timer what are your safe bets?  I would recommend tacos or vampiros (basically a tostada) but would caution against the breakfast burritos, the one I had wasn't very memorable.   I do fancy the Cochata and anything with pastor (pork) in it.  I've also heard their ceviche is excellent but they only have it on Fridays!THE MEAT:  The reddish pastor is very tender and has some sweetness to its flavor.  The carne asada (beef) in comparison is quite salty and is akin to cubed steak so they bits will get stuck in your teeth.  The garnishings they use are different depending on the meat you pick so be sure to try both before picking your poison.  They also seem to randomly give you guacamole, raddish, and/or cucumber as bonus sides; I'm still scratching my head as to the methodology and purpose here but I'm not complaining.In the mood for a good taco?  America's Tacos is a great choice.    The benefits outweigh the negatives and I return here quite regularly!Things I like:-Outdoor patio very nice-Food takes a little while to make, that's how you know it's good-Pastor on everything-Corn tortillas!-Vampires (vampiro) ftw!-Cochata will change your life-Hit up their website for their story, it's always cool to read up about successful food establishmentsThings I don't like:-Don't let the menu fool you, it gets expensive fast and the portions are small so find some coupons. You're looking at about $10 for a man size lunch-Their happy hour tacos are smaller than their regular tacos so double up-Consistency is an issue, sometimes their pastor is excellent, sometimes it's a little tough or too salty for my preferences-Location is a little weird if you're driving there
5	Whoa! I didn't know this location existed! And it's closer to me :DI already reviewed the other America's.I love this place.What a difference in staff. Although I have seen some people who work at both locations.And for those of you that need to be corrected. It's not America's taco shop as in USA.The owner's name is America.As I mentioned on the other review. I'm hella picky when it comes to Mexican food since I am Hispanic.Finally finally found a place that meets my high standards.
3	The food was fine, but this stuff wouldn't cut the muster if you tried to serve it here in my home of Austin, TX.The horchata? About three times too sweet. Completely undrinkable.The carne asada "Vampiro" I ordered was good, but the finely-diced iceberg lettuce mounded on top was ... odd. I've never seen diced lettuce in Mexican food before; maybe it's an Arizona thing. Certainly doesn't do anything for the taste, texture or presentation of the food.Beware: As Chris L. points out, the tacos come with ingredients not listed on the menu (lettuce and guacamole).These are small gripes though; as I said, the food was fine. A little more heat (are peppers just unheard of in Mexican food in Arizona?) and fewer surprises on the menu would go a long way toward making this place great.
2	Meh.  Seems to be a little expensive for what you get.Nothing "wowed" me at all.Many places similar to this one give you better food, and more of it for your money.By the way - I tried this place TWICE and had same experience both times.
3	They are good but pricey and sometimes when you bite into what you're thinking is a delicious taco you'll find some kind of strange fatty meat or connective tissue.  This has happened twice on two separate occasions.  They need to do a better job of cleaning up the excess bits off the meat either before or after cooking to get a 4th star from me.
3	Burritos are alright.  I had the Carne asada burrito - it was decent but seems like the price is a bit high.
4	LOVE THE CEVICHE!!! Haven't had too much else but the tamarind margaritas and ceviche where GREAT! IT"S A MA AND PA type restaurant so stop your whining about the ambiance, it has character. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the size of my margarita....it was small:( If your in the area I'd say its worth stopping in before it gets too hot:)
2	not too thrilled. food is overpriced, the portions are mediocre, and while the ingredients are of decent quality, the result is very dull, and bland. Tried the Al Pastor Vampiro (this little... tostada thing), and the Carne Asada Burrito.. (though it was more like a taquito, in size), and refried beans. Beans were decent.. soupy though.
2	I usually only give 1 star to places so I guess that means I'd go back right? yea- I'd go back I guess. "BEST" carne asada burrito???? I dunno???....... we thought about it and the meat WAS good. BUT its too pricey. we bought 2 carne asada burritos (not very big BTW), ceviche, 2 beers and it was $28 bux. dude- that is too expensive for a taco shop. the ceviche was NO good. like- at all. don't order it. Next time, yes- Next time, I'm gonna order just carne asada TACOS and see if I like it better.
5	I have been here twice now..and both times it was delish! The first go around I got the Carne Quesadilla and today I got the Carne Burrito. Both were excellent. Their meat is SO much better then many other chain fast food Mexican places because they actually cook it on what appears to be a very large grill! Their regular sized burritos are not huge but that is fine with me because I will pay for quality over quantity anyday. I will keep going back :)
5	Best Carne Asada burritos in the state and I consider myself a Mexican food expert ;)... any way try this place out, make sure you get a burritos the first time you go here, not a taco.
5	So I think I am a taco addict. But no need for intervention.... I come here quite often and every time it is just wonderful! I am almost embarrassed to go here because I think the people who work here remember me.... but that can't keep me away from the taco goodness. So the carne asada is wonderful, but I have found it to be much more wonderful on the vampiro. The vampiro is a masterpiece. It is like a tostada, in that it has a crunchy tortilla as a base. Then it is topped with caramelized onion, lettuce, guac, Carne asada, and maybe cilantro or something? Add some extra spicy salsa and I am a very happy girl. In addition, I was scared to try the al pastor for awhile, and then I tried it and realized the wonder of their pork. Wow. It is good. They have it on a rotating stick, almost like gyro meat, with a chunk of pineapple on top... with the pineapple juice just dripping onto the pork. One time we went and they were out of pork and I almost cried. No joke. It is that good. I get it on a taco, which has a slice of the pineapple (best topping), guac, onion, and cilantro. super yum. The extra spicy salsa is really good. It is the perfect amount of spicy to make my nose run a little. It also tastes incredibly fresh, like everything here. This is the kind of place where I tell a friend I went here and they are sad that I didn't bring them....So go here.... Go here right now!
3	I had the pleasure of eating two tacos for lunch today from America's Taco Shop. Let me just say that the Carne Asada taco is freaking delicious and I wish I had ordered 14 more of them. It reminds me of Big Star tacos in Chicago...mmmm. I also had a pastor taco. It was pretty good, but I didn't like it as much as the carne asada...maybe because I'm not a huge cilantro fan, and that was all I could taste. They put a LOT of cilantro on their pork taco. I was not very fond of the chips or the salsa, though. The salsa was bland and tasted like watered down V8 juice. Someone from the office picked up our lunch, so I can't comment on the service or the restaurant itself. But I will definitely be back for those delicious little carne asada tacos. 14 of them.
1	What an absolute disgrace of an establishment. But what was I expecting going to a place called "America's Taco Shop"?As soon as you walk into this place it smells like crap. The entrance is right next to the bathroom, but even the dining area isn't far enough to suppress the smell of feces permeating from the bathroom.  We were already determined to try out the tacos at this place, so we gave it a shot anyways. Originally, we had seen the sign for $1 tacos during happy hour. Just so happens to be that we were there at happy hour. However, the person taking our order informed us that only tacos al pastore (pork tacos) were available. Thanks for mentioning that on the sign. Still though, I was determined to give it a try as my significant other hesitated.We decided on the carne asada burrito, its almost impossible to mess this up, right? Wrong, unfortunately this place messed it up real bad. First, the food is mediocre. Compared to a place like Filibertos, which doesn't have special food but rather generous portions for a fair price, this place is an absolute rip-off. I probably should have read Larry's review before hitting this place up.I could have bought FOUR of these burritos at $6.50 a piece, and it still wouldn't beat Filiberto's or Chipotle. In fact, if you gave me FOUR burritos from here for the price of $6.50, then I'd STILL go to Chipotle or Filiberto's. Anyway you do the math, it just doesn't add up. Portions are too small, place smells like crap, and food is mediocre at best.
5	Nothing fancy here, but very well executed quick service Mexican food.  I've been told by numerous people that ATS has the best carne asada in the Valley, and I must say that the carne asada burrito did not disappoint.  Very flavorful beef, wonderful spices, fresh pico de gallo, and a warm soft tortilla.  This is very hard to beat in terms of quality and price.
4	The food is really good! The people on here complaining about portion sizes are probably over weight and could afford to go for a run every now and then. Over sized portions are the reason this Country is obese!  Flavor is amazing here! Slightly overpriced.
1	i got food poisoning here the 2nd time i ate here. it was horrible. =(
3	The food is decent but overall I think the name is a stretch. Had the carne asada taco
5	Love it
5	Everybody raves about the carne asada and pastor, but we go for the bean and cheese burritos (no lard!), vegetarian quesadilla, and (for me) corn on the cob.  My kids are especially crazy about the bean and cheese burritos, and my youngest loves the vegetarian quesadilla -- flour tortilla with monterey jack cheese, lettuce, caramelized onions, guacamole. Corn on the cob is sweet white corn, lite mayo, cotija cheese, chili, lime.  Salsa is tasty and fresh -interestingly, it gets spicier if you leave it in the fridge overnight.  (Guac is just ok, in my opinion.) Also, order online for quick service.  For those wondering about the "America's" name, that's the name of one of the owners: http://www.americastacoshop.net/about
3	Pretty good. I have only been once. Fairly authentic. I would go again. The carne asada was flavorful but I wish there was more for the money!!! I think 3-4 tacos for the price would be better than 2. Just not enough food IMO. It was decent!
5	I can't stop eating here.  I've gone 4 times this past week alone!
4	Pros:~This place is known for their carne asada, but for me, the main attraction is that it's one of the only places where you can get authentic al pastor tacos in the metropolitan Phoenix area. And HOMBRE are they good! ~Their beans are amazing, too, elevating a simple bean and cheese burrito to a whole new level in flavor! ~ America's corn is divine as well.The cons: ~ The portions are too small for the price. By the time you order enough food to fill up, you've blown your lunch budget for the next couple of days. Don't even bother ordering the happy hour dollar-sized street tacos. They meant to call them "silver dollar tacos" because the tortilla is the size of a silver dollar coin, making the taco only two bites at most. You have to order a dozen to make it a meal, and then it's no longer a deal. ~ The Tempe location is way too small during the warm months when it's too hot to sit outside, and the inside does have 'hole in the wall' unpleasant smell. Despite these flaws (which is why I cannot give ATS 5 stars), I cannot stay away for long. The pastor tacos call to me in my sleep and give me uncontrollable cravings that I give in to at least a time or two a month. So worth it!
3	As the name states its AMERICAS taco shop so they are very Americanized tacos. They are really good but nothing that is going to blow your mind. I was disappointed in the size compared to the price. What brought it down 1 complete star is that I didn't see where it said the ingredients of the tacos so my food came out with guacamole and I'm extremely allergic to guacamole so I ended up just giving it to my friend and having to buy more.
4	I was anti-America's for a while there. I had one bean burrito that just wasn't made quite right when they first opened in the Coronado neighborhood, and quite frankly slapped a "Not worth it" stamp on them and ignored the buzz.  I thought that their menu was too expensive for "street food" and ignored others when they raved! I also discovered La Condesa and was on that train full force forging ahead to salsa town. How was I to know that one day, mine and America's fates would change and we would be inextricably connected... When I started working at ASU, my coworkers recommended a trip to America's on University. Since I was new, I kept my bean burrito experience to myself and decided to give it another go. I got the carne asada tacos. I thought they were tender, spiced well, and delicious. I went again within a couple of weeks and tried the carne asada burrito (and even ordered a side of beans for chip dipping)... I was delighted. The burrito is so jam-packed with those complimenting flavors that I dream about it. I love their beans now too... Go figure. Oh America's... You changed my mind! Like a love I nearly lost, we learned from our humble beginnings and are happy together!However, I miss your coupons that you offered for ASU-- and the green salsa is too sweet. Those are my only complaints. :) Hooray!
5	I travel all over the west (Modesto, SLC, El Paso, Denver, Etc.) and entertain myself by seeking out great food. In particular, I love authentic Mexican Food. Anywhere that serves grated cheddar gets kicked right to the curb.This place is great! I'm down here for 4 days for the Ironman, and we ate dinner one night then returned the next afternoon for something different. The tacos were great, the Guacamole was great, the chips were good, salsa was great. It isn't the atmosphere capital of the world, but that always costs more and goes straight to the landlord. I even ate something I didn't like for lunch made from Shrimp....but I recognize it was still great food.If you're in Tempe and looking at a short walk over from run of the "Mill Street" chain restaurant hell, take the walk!!!
5	I was looking around for a new spot to live and drove by this spot and was like shit America's Taco Shop and had to make a U-Turn... I had been to the one dow town and loved it so it was a must stop. I entered to a friendly staff and looked over the menu and went with the Breakfast Burrito and the Carne Spicy Assda Taco with a Mexican Coke... I rate the experience as followed.Breakfast Burrito - BCarne Spicy Asda Taco - A++Mexican Coke - AStaff - AI would have to say American Taco Shop has some great street style tacos... If you get a chance to visit the downtown stop or Tempe order the tacos to start you will not be disappointed.
4	Went for lunch on a Wednesday. The carne asada vampiro was delicious!  Goes great with a Dos Equis  The service is quick, and the staff very nice. Worth many more trips!
4	Love love love this place. So glad its right by me.The staff is always super friendly, it's never packed, and like the other locations, the food is amazing.I always get the carne asada quesadilla. My hubby, the carne asada tacos *plain* on flour tortillas (he's very picky and theyre very accommadating).Oh and did I mention that their guac is like crack?
1	Ever go to a place, but just before you pull in you have this gut feeling that you should just keep driving?  Yep, that's this place.  However, I had mixed signals because I had been there before, just once.  But it wasn't until I actually parked that I realized it.  However, I still didn't know WHY though.  I order a chicken burrito and then when I got it, BAM! The light went on.  The size of the meal...the BANG FOR THE BUCK!  That's why I had the gut feeling!Needless to say, I felt like that kid in the movie, "The Christmas Story", who day after day ran to mailbox to check for his package.  Finally, upon getting it, he fills out the mysterious code which turns out to be nothing more than some stupid statement telling him to drink more Ovaltine?!  Well, that's how I felt upon walking away with that measly burrito for 8 bucks! - Like a sucker.   After sitting down in my car, I said to myself, HELL NO!  I'm not going to get jacked for 8 bucks for a POS burrito.  So I went back in and got my money back.  People are insane charging what they do for such skimpy portions.  Well, to the recent poster....there might be a reason why it's never crowded when you go in there - grimace proportions!
3	I don't know of it was because i was hungover and starving, but the burrito and bottle of fanta i got were great.
4	More expensive than it should be, but they have very good carne asada, and the only authentic el pastor I've found in Phoenix (cooked on a gyro rotisserie with a pineapple on top). Definitely the most authentic taqueria near ASU. The el pastor taco special on Tuesdays is my favorite.
5	I am from San Diego, CA, the nearby border city to TJ, Mexico. With that said, I have high standards when it comes to Mexican food. In fact, one of the most irritating things about relocating from San Diego to Scottsdale was the lack of a bomb taco shop on every corner here... Super Buririto and Fiesta Burrito you are not doing it for me!! But America's Taco Shop does not disappoint! While I usually am a chicken chic, I cannot believe their El Pastor taco.. With pineapple slices.. yes pineapple in your taco with pork, salsas and much more! Their margaritas for just $5 taste good.And I think the hidden secret is the America's Corn (do yourself a favor and order this in addition), but here's a tip, have them cut it off the cob for you so that you don't have to worry about getting corn in your teeth or on your neighbor... Ew. Oh man! America's Taco Shop is one of my favs!!
3	This is a pretty off-beat and laid back place. There is outdoor seating only (maybe 1 or 2 two-person spots inside the very busy one-room place that it is), which has lots of bugs and birds around. I recommend getting take-out only. The staff members were helpful. The prices are quite low and this is an affordable place to get decent fast Mexican food. They also have different food and drink specials advertised daily.The food is pretty good. I especially liked the chips and salsa. The chips were crispy and thin, while the salsa had a nice spicy flavor. I also tried a steak quesadilla. The meat had a great flavor, but the pieces were very tiny and there needs to be more. There was a little too much guacamole on it. However, the flavors were good. I would visit again when in a hurry and looking for an inexpensive Mexican meal.
4	After spending a splendid afternoon strolling along Mill Ave, my boyfriend and I abandoned an idea to go to Buffalo Wild Wings on Rural instead opting for America's. And Boy what a great decision! The beers were cheap, 2 bucks a bottle, and the limes were fresh! You order inside at a register and when your order is ready someone brings it out to you. I ordered a carne asada Vampiro to share. The customer service was great, not afraid to talk with customers and describe the dishes. 3.75 for the Vampiro, which is basically a tostada piled high with fresh ingredients. It was delicious!Added bonus America's serves an Horchata iced coffee. Dream come true!!
5	If you have never been here THEN GET YOURSELF THERE NOW!!! parking is weird and very busy street but I would throw my truck in the middle of the street just to eat here. Not Dirt cheap but not at all pricey, and service is awesome!! Went with pastor and Carne asada tacos! chips and salsa were awesome too! Sad THAT ISN'T ANY RICE!! BUT GREAT BEANS! Then we grabbed one of America's corns to go...  awwww everything was awesome! the sweet taste of the Pastor was sooooo perfect. PASTOR FOR LIFE!!! AND there is a cool squirrel outside that they have yet to name!!!!
4	I love Mexican food. Let's just get that out there..it's delicious and I love their use of spices along with fresh meat and veggies. I just had to try this joint out while here in town with a friend. I liked the feel this place had. It was simple and all about the food. It was laid back with a few spots inside and more outside...And the food was oh so delicious!!! I decided to go with the carne asada burrito, while my friend went with the carne asada torta and we added some horchata. We got the horchata and water and sat down in one of three seating spots. There are more outside but it's July and it's hot despite the misters. We both really liked the horchata. I love horchata and this had a great taste to it. A definite must for a hot summer day. Our food came quick and it was succulent and fresh and whooooaaaaa..It was delicious. There was such a great texture to the carne asada burrito and it didn't fill me up. Unlike other Mexican joints that load up on cheese, this place doesn't which means you get to focus on the flavor and the meat not the cheese and I'm ok with this. I was very impressed and wish they could send me their recipes so I can repeat them in Indy!!
4	A little pricey for the portions but the flavors are outstanding. Homemade horchata is like my nana used to make.
3	Very tasty tacos but Los Taquitos is better.
4	Best carne asada tacos and burritos not in Mexico.  Only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is the price. When you are used to paying $1 per taco in Mexico, the prices here can be a little high.  Actually, a lot high.  Also, this location has some type of sewer gas problem that makes it smell like a stinky bathroom whenever you walk in.  That never makes you feel too confident about the food.  If they fix that and lower the prices some, it's a guaranteed 5 stars! :)
4	I agree with those that say the portions are small, but the carne asada is like no other!  Very tender and full of flavor.  Beachy little getaway without the beach when we're in the ASU area.  The employees have always been friendly and I enjoy their spiked drinky drinks.
4	This place is pretty good. The food was excellent however it's way over priced.
2	I found it to be very mediocre and lacking in flavor which seems like an oxymoron for mexican food. I was riding by on my bike and was actually more intrigued by the $2 Modelo beer special and figured I would try the food, disappointing. Plenty of places in the area for cheap beer, just saying.
5	I looooooove ATS! The bean burritos are the best around, hands down! And the happy hour beer special is pretty nice too :-).
4	after a morning of errands, i met the wife here for our first try at America's taco shop. very simple. very good. the veggie quesadilla however was so basic, i was a bit surprised. it seemed like there was only lettuce and guac and that was it. we also had the bean burrito and the refried beans were more of a puree bean paste than anything else. it was messy eating but i still liked it. the ceviche was delicious. the sauce on the side was the fantastic and we practically licked the little cup clean. i hear they have a decent happy hour. we paid about 14 bucks between the 2 of us.
2	First time here. We tried it on a Sunday so we couldn't take advantage of the Happy Hour deals but it looked like they off $2 beers. The place has some indoor and outdoor seating as well. Kind of a surfer theme. You order and pay at the counter and take number with you. Your server brings your meals to your table but you get your own plastic silverware and napkins, etc.They had a couple vegetarian items on the menu. Nothing tasted bad, but I wasn't impressed. The ceviche and chips tasted good, but it was basically red onion, cucumber, and shrimp cocktail diced finely.  The best part was the red sauce it came with. The bean and cheese burrito was so gooey it oozed out of the tortilla making it very messy to eat. The veggie taco was onions, guacamole, and lettuce. When you looked inside it resembled grass clippings. Like I said, nothing tasted bad, and I appreciate that they don't cook with lard, but I really wasn't impressed.
4	Awesome tacos and burritos. I love the Carne Asada Burrito and you can get a massive one or a normal size too. A bit pricey for tacos (more expensive than Filibertos for sure) but delicious. You can grab a beer there too which is great for after work/class. There are huge lines during lunch when school is in session so beware!
4	I come here often with a particular group of friends. I always liked their food but once I went paleo I ran out of things to eat here...until recently, when they introduced their amazing chicken. Now I order chicken tacos without the taco shell. So it's like chicken in a bowl, with all the sides. And it's delicious!!! Their margs are okay but nothing to write home about. Service is always friendly and it's very clean. I go here often and will keep coming. Definitely check out happy hour, the prices are better. Although if you get the happy hour tacos they will be smaller, which is kind of dumb and defeats the purpose BUT still. Enjoy.
2	Heard really great things about this place drive, run, skate by it all the time always smells amazing.Pros-Quesadilla was bomb but more like a large taco-Friendly cashier-just added umbrellas for shade on the patioCons-Carne Asada was dry-Guacamole was something from a squeeze bottle-flies were all over the patio
3	The food is amazing but you should expect to wait up to 20 minutes for your food to be ready. Definitely not fast food.
5	My go-to place for quality Mexican food.  My favorite is the XL carne asana burro and a Corona with lime, but the tortas and tacos are great too.  It's a few bucks more than your average drunken burrito place that ends in "ilibertos" but the fresh ingredients and perfect execution make it worth it. Simple, good, and reliable.
5	bean and cheese burrito. oh my god. since i first discovered their bean and cheese burrito, i knew i was a fan of this restaurant for life.  i don't know how they get the beans and cheese to be so perfectly combined (they seem like they're whipped together), but it makes for an amazingly delicious burrito.  i come here almost every week because i'm constantly craving them-they're seriously that good. get it with avocado to make it even more tasty! ok-now that you know how obsessed i've become with this delicious creation-i can tell you about all the other things i love.  COCHATA! holy crap! as someone who already loves horchata, i nearly lost my mind when i had this combination of horchata and coffee. i can get two of my fixes in a single drink and it tastes amazing.  i'm also a huge fan of their carne asada burritos, the meat has an incredible flavor and is really tender.  the america's corn is also a favorite of mine; the flavors of the cotija cheese, lime, and chili go perfectly with the corn.and they have mexican coke! how great is this place?
5	Hands down my favorite spot for Mexican food.  They have the best tacos in town, and great ceviche (offered Friday and Saturday). The jamaica is amazing!
5	Great taco shop!  I love the al pastor "anything!"  This is the only taco joint I've found real al pastor in the valley.  The only other time I've had al pastor is in Playa del Carmen, MX.  Thanks for bring one of my favorite dishes to the the valley.
4	Love their food. The only reason I don't give five stars is that the amount of food you get totally varies from visit to visit. The size of the burritos can vary by 50-60%. Makes it hard to know how much food to order, but it is very delicious food, service is great.
3	I've been three times and had an overall okay experience.  The vampiro was interesting.  Prices are nothing special, service is decent but again unremarkable.  The Al Pastor burritos/tacos I tried did stand out as especially tasty.  I've heard the ceviche is worth trying.
5	If you haven't been to ATS yet, then get going!  The carne asada and al pastor are some of the best in town.
4	I heard they had the best Carne Asada in town so I thought I would stop by and give it a try since I was in the area. The service was great, the staff was extra friendly and helpful. Onto the food; So of course I got the Carne Asada Burrito. With a drink it was around $8, so not expensive. I'm very picky when it comes to Carne Asada, and I found this to be one of the better one's I've had, but it wasn't the best. The tortilla was great, excellent consistency and flavor. The steak was flavorful and had a nice char to it. The guac was smooth and rich, and the pico was zesty. All very good. The size of the burrito was pretty small, but then again I go to Chipotle often and they pack those things. For what I spent, I would rather go to Chipotle just because I can get lunch and dinner out of one of their burrito's or bowls. I know, Chipotle vs. authentic mexican food, it's apple's to orange's; but that's just how I feel. I wouldn't call it the best Carne Asada in town, but I would consider it a close second. Personally I find Filiberto's/Aliberto's/Whoever-berto's to be the best; although I find they aren't the most consistent.
2	After seeing this place start to chain out everywhere I decided to give them a shot. Seems like a good idea but I left after waiting in line for too long. There was only one couple eating and 2 people ahead of me but nothing moved. I guess I wasn't in a patient mood but I had to leave frustrated. I'll give them another shot sometime. Two people working on a busy Friday night while ASU is in session won't cut it.
2	This place should be named America's disappointment shop instead. When we arrived I had high expectations of this place. The menu looked promising. I had my wife and child with me we both got burritos and al pastor quesadilla and when it came to ordering some soft drinks their options weren't very expansive or inexpensive. Finally the burritos (al pastor) arrived and when I saw the size of the burrito I was super annoyed for the 24 dollars I just spent it should of been the size of a small dog. Needless to say I will not be coming back to America's disappointment shop. The reason for 2 stars was because the meat itself was delicious but it's not worth it. Sorry.
3	As a vegetarian and lover of creative tacos, America's is my jam. Where else can you get grilled pineapple and potato in the same taco?While my experiences have been mostly good, last time I went with my boyfriend he really came up on the short end of the stick. There was a verbal miscommunication between him and the cashier, and she wound up ordering the wrong burrito for him.It would have been a different story if he got the wrong burrito in a timely manner, however, my tacos came promptly and by the time I was almost done eating, his burrito was still totally MIA.Finally, an employee stopped by and asked us if he had gotten his "enter-food-he-did-not-order-here." After correcting the employee on his order, she informed him that what he had paid for was more expensive than what he was going to get."Is that okay?" she asked. But when is it really okay to pay for more less? My answer: never.With him being the perfect gentleman, he said it was okay.But I guess the $2 Pacifico helped ease our pain.
4	One of my favorite Mexican food places. Their carne asada is to die for with great prices! The shops aren't always the most clean but the deliciousness of their food makes up for it.
5	Love this place.  Fresh, delicious food, super reasonable prices, very friendly staff.  It is everything one could want in a neighborhood taco joint.My favorite items are the horcheta with coffee (ridiculously good - tastes kind of like a chai latte mixed with coffee) and the al pasto quesadilla.  Usually get food to go; often for lunch and ocassionally bring home a bigger order for dinner.  There can be a line out the door at lunch, but they move it quickly and if you call in your order it is ready when you get there.
2	Ever since I moved to Tempe 2 months ago I had driven past this place numerous times and kept wondering what their food would be like. My family and I finally decided we would go try it out. Definitely was not the fanciest place and inside it was full of smoke. Not a problem...at least I know they are cooking the meat right. I ordered the bean and cheese burrito with guacamole inside and America's way which meant it would have diced roasted jalapenos inside. They didn't have any sour cream which I thought was strange. The drink choices were also slim. Upon receiving my order, the XL bean and cheese burrito, I was a little disappointed because it didn't seem much bigger than a regular size burrito and yet it was like like $2 more. My burrito was just lukewarm and although I dont want it scalding hot it would be nice to have it warmer than what it was. By the time I was done eating it was definitely cold...quite disappointing again! My GF ordered the Chorizo burrito which she was very pleased with. Her only complaint was that everything was blended together that it was hard to distinguish the tastes of the ingredients. My dad ordered the Al pastor burrito and that was cold as well. :( My mom's carne asada burrito was lukewarm, but she seemed to be ok with it.I'm hoping it was just a bad day for the crew as the place seemed like it would be good based on some of the reviews. It was slow and perhaps the crew was just slacking off that day...
3	I ordered online for pick-up, and the taco shop messed up my order a bit--I didn't get a taco I ordered. Their carne is quite flavorful, although there isn't anything special about their chicken, and I can't write about their pastor because that was the item I didn't receive. The vampiros are quite tasty, and although their name might suggest so, they do not cause you to grow fangs.The cochata, a mix of iced coffee and horchata, is quite unique, and I'd have to recommend that--their jamaica tastes far more like cranberry juice than it did hibiscus.If my order wasn't messed up and if the service was faster (the cashier continually asked the other employees for help), the food could've merited four stars for the restaurant.
4	The Carne Asada vampiros are my favorite, but the bean burrito, Terry's Way (of course, of course) is such a delicious treat! On the weekends, you can order the ceviche, which I recommend. I like that they have Coca Cola with sugar, and the corchata - a coffee/horchata combo - is one of my favorite mid-day perk-me-ups! I like the carne asada, but the chicken tends to be over cooked for my preference. The al pastor is really flavorful, but I really can't under emphasize their yummy beans!
3	We got here around 7:30 on a Thursday night. They were:1. Out of al pastor meat2. Out of chicken meat3. Only had enough to make 1 small cochata drink.This considerably dampened our dining plans. Nonetheless, we ordered 2 regular size carne asada burritos and the last remaining cochata. The cochata's horchata component was literally scraped from the bottom of the barrel. As a result, I couldn't taste much horchata flavor. Instead, I tasted more of a vague creaminess with a lot of grit from the bottom-of-the-barrel cinnamon and rice particles. The coffee component was fine. It had a smooth flavor. The carne asada burritos were quite flavorful. I enjoyed the marinade the carne asada was in, and there was also a little bit of guacamole and some pico de gallo in the burrito. It came with a small cup of salsa, which looked like it would be good, but tasted bland and watery.Service was decent and our burritos were made in no time. We got our order to go and along with the cup of salsa, our brown paper sack came with a baggie of lime, radish, and cucumber, and a plethora of napkins.Hopefully next time if I'm in the mood for America's Taco Shop again they won't be out of most of the main meat components of their menu!
3	The tacos were cheap, filling and simple.  Nothing spectacular but will satisfy your taco fix at a great price!
2	My husband and I have gone to the Phoenix locations for years, but every time we go to the Tempe location it's hit or miss. Today we ordered two burritos and two Carne Asada tacos on flour. The girl ringing us up seemed distracted with her phone. When she repeated our order she left off the tacos so we repeated ourselves. When the food was brought out she had the burritos mixed up and we had to bite into them to discover the switch. When our tacos came out they were on corn not flour. All of the tortillas were dry which we've experience at this location before. I had to go inside to try and get the tacos switched out for flour. The cashier said she didn't hear us say flour and that she would get another out to us. More than five minutes later the taco came out when we were done eating. Wouldn't have been a big deal except that there were only two other tables in the restaurant and they already had their food. I don't think one taco should take more than 5 minutes to make. We'll go back because we typically like the food, but this was a bad experience.
4	Great Carne Asada, crazy fly problem.
4	I've only been here once and I had a torta. It wasn't bad...just okay. I'll probably go back sometime in the future
4	Need tacos after a long work day and this joint hit my radar. Went in all al pastor. Buddy did one of each of the specialities. He loved the chicken. Al pastor rocked. We were not disappointed. Had great salsa with ice ice cold beer. Bravo.
1	wow this place is terrible in every way.  I feel bad for the people who work here.  I ordered a corn on the cob and some tacos.  The corn was undercooked, I asked for another one and they were amazed that I refused to eat it uncooked.  The tacos were cold, I complained about that too and they didn't understand what to do.  I should not have to tell you how to make your food right.  The ceiling was leaking all over from the rain.  I could not find a table that was not being leaked on.  The place smells disgusting.  It is a dingy gross old building.  I will never go to an America's again, disgusting!!
5	The best breakfast burritos that I've had in Tempe. Also the daily specials make it even better as there's one dollar tacos and two dollar beer. Definitely a place to try out if you live in Tempe.
3	We went to this place because we were looking for somewhere near downtown Tempe. When we entered this place, it was like private mom/pop shop with young workers. We ordered some large burrito and Quesadia. They were all right for the price! Also, I was surprised to see $2,00 beer per bottle special, which I have seen so many times when I passed by this store. I believe this is their sales tactic. The food here is normal and price are good in general. I would revisit here again, but also order some good margarita or beer which goes well with those meal.
4	Al pastor tacos and agua frescas are great. Have yet to try the margaritas, but it's on the to-do list. I recommend their guacamole to everyone!
3	I've been fixated on finding my go-to Mexican place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe area for a while now.  I came across this place under recommendations from people.  I've also had warnings from others not to go to this place, but I decided to disregard those warnings.Anyway, I went to this establishment on my lunch break and ordered the Al Pastor burrito.  The meat was delicious and the other stuff that came with made the burrito very flavorful.My only complaint--does it really have to be $6 for a thinly-wrapped burrito???  I feel ripped off.
5	Ahhhhhmeric's! I LOVE the bean & cheese burrito both America's & Terry's way!!! Also, the el pastor taco is a sure win! Not sure what else pastor is? Oh man, slow cooked marinated pork & they put slivered pineapple on top! Great chips & salsa! I usually get the mild salsa but I'm sure the spicy is delicious too! The food is always great! Fan for life! I find that it's a great place to pick up to go, but a nice enough casual dine in spot too! If you haven't tried it, you must! Plus, it's local! Yay!
1	I've been going to their first location in phoenix for years and it was always amazing. Tempe location is like the evil step sister. Ive been to this location dozens of times and everytime was bad customer service. Everything from messing up orders (and not claiming fault!), burning food, and NO SMILES! They act like I'm an inconvenience every time. They never show appreciation to their customers. NO welcomes! NO thank yous! I wonder if anyone there has ever smiled. Today was the final straw. Breakfast burrito over cooked and they forget my salsa. The real ticker though was when she gave me my total, I passed her my money and she received a text....started to text back while I had my hand held out with the money. RUDE! Dlish is 1 mile away and waaaaaay better breakfast burrito plus they love their customers!!
3	Eh....food was good. I just don't understand how they have some nice locations, and then crap hole locations. By this time they should all have soda machines, and not be serving toilet/hose water to drink.
4	Nothing fancy here, just real Mexican tacos. Everything fresh and tasty. They include a variety of salsas too. I like the Al Pastor the best but you can't go wrong.
4	I love the food here, but why do they close so early? 8pm and they're practically on ASU's campus? I think there is a missed opportunity here.Great tacos, great guac, that's what I get, it's always great.
3	Great food, but small portions. I always leave still hungry.  If I order enough to make me full, I've spent 20 bucks just on my meal.
3	Recently ate at the newer Elliott and Kyrene location (which was my first experience with America's Taco Shop). I am glad that I visited the other location first because had I visited this location first I am not sure I would have tried it again.  I ordered chicken tacos at both locations and the food quality was the same, both were very good.  The down side to this location is its age. Not that it has to be completely new or updated necessarily,  but it feels very dirty.  Bugs in the light shades,  dirty window sills,  and the bathrooms smell horrible.  Unfortunately their seating is limited,  so we also had to sit next to the bathrooms... which was not a pleasant experience.  Lastly,  I ordered guacamole at both locations.  It seemed much less flavorful here and had a consistency of yogurt (not your typical guacamole). I will just make the Elliott road location the one I visit in the future.  Overall,  love the food though!
4	This place does it right with great ingredients that result in a really good taco.  I had the taco al pastor and it was very good.  Their chips and salsa are excellent and this is coming from a Texas guy who knows good salsa.Now on to the most interesting part, the corn...I can almost guarantee that you've never had corn on the cob like this!  I'm not even sure it's fair to label it corn on the cob out of fairness to what you're used to.  This sweet corn on the cob is coated with a light smear of mayo (don't judge it till you try it!) and then generously sprinkled with fine ground Mexican cheese.  The result is amazing!  As if that's not enough, they serve it with a little container of sauce that is quite hot and complements the sweetness of the corn.  This is a must try if you're a corn lover!
5	Americas Taco Shop in general is where I go when I've got a craving for a good bean andcheese burrito. I don't even really care for refried beans (and these are without lard,yay!) But man, these are so amazing. The hot salsa is great and a cochata to wash it down is amazing! I'm not even a big fan of horchata but mix it with iced coffee and I'm sold. I was actually addicted to it for a few months a couple years ago! This location isn't quite as nice as the one on Camelback but who cares, it's a quick taco shop!
4	I eat at Americas Taco shop at least one a week and always get breakfast burritos on the weekends.My favorite things to get from here are the chorizo burrito as well as the carne asada. The only thing I have to say bad about this place is the service, it honestly just depends on what day you go and who is working. Sometimes they will be nice and sometimes they wont even speak to you. I really enjoy this place and am a loyal customer, I just which that they would provide better customer service. It seems like everytime I go in there they look miserable.
2	I'm pretty sure the toilet overflowed right before I walked in here. I'm not being mean, it really smelled like they had plumbing issues. So if they were that's probably a freak thing, and doesn't affect the rest of my review, which wasn't very good by the way...This place is definitely not worth your time and especially your money honestly. Take it from a Hispanic who LOVES tacos, burritos etc...I can name five places within five miles that are way better for the price. The Burrito I ordered was large but hardly contained any beef (I ordered a carne asada burrito). It also had rice, guacamole, pico de gallo. and it was flimsy, burritos are not supposed to fall apart lol, the salsa was meh...the reason I think they may get a lot of business is because of the location. It's right on the corner of Rural and University. How can it not get business being located there? It's a college student hangout because they live within walking distance, close for when they are hungry... Spend a little on gas or the bus and go up the street.
2	Do not order online. They forgot a part of our order, so I call and let them know, then she says, and I quote, "Did no one tell you we're out of guacamole?" And I say, "No, shouldn't you have refunded the money if you knew you didn't have it?" So I drive all the way back to the store, and she shouts that they are closed upon me walking in the door. I explain I'm there for the refund. She hands me about $6 and I said, "It was $8" and she says, "oh I just refunded the chips and guacamole because you got the chips and salsa". I then explain we did not get it - plus, I had to drive all the way back....even if I did get it, what terrible customer service to try to save a couple bucks and still try to charge me? Especially when Yelp runs a free chips and salsa ad? She didn't even offer me anything - not even a "sorry". I tried to contact the main headquarters to complain, but they don't have an answering machine, and they don't have an email address either. I gave it two stars because I have never had an issue with them before this. We don't go here often because it's already overpriced, but with terrible service, I can't justify going here again.
2	Having eaten here MANY times, I'm now ready to call it as I see it. The food is good, but overpriced. The portions are small and the worst thing is that the people who run this place have a seething unspoken negative attitude toward gringo customers that they cannot or will not conceal. It's as if they're doing you a favor by taking your order and giving you the food. No one but the high school kids they hire ever smiles here! They sometimes make an excellent batch of ceviche on Fridays, but be sure to get it in a bowl instead of a taco or tostada or else they will short you on the amount. To me, Bad attitudes toward customers are unacceptable. I will not be back again.
1	Got a burrito for $6 + and it was all guacamole and pico with barley and carne asada. It was cold and disgusting. This place should be embarrassed to serve their food.
2	What is it with thin, almost meatless burritos in this valley? Attending a meeting nearby I caught this place on a drive-by and decided to try it. I was thrilled to find an Al Pastor option! ...except when the burrito arrived I had to hunt and dig to find the Al Pastor. It was all tortilla and some sort of green veggie mixture.  I would love to say that the Al Pastor made up for it but I could barely taste any... The accompanying salsa was sweet... yuck!You'd think a burrito place near the University would be a slam dunk, but I don't even think a strong case of the late night munchies would find this place even remotely satisfying. Bleh!
2	Probably the last time I will eat here.  The food is tasty, but the portions are small  compared to other hip Mexamerican spots.  Prices are a bit steep, also.  One would think, being a stone's throw from the busiest campus in the valley, that you'd have some less expensive menu items.Far and away, the most significant reason I'm not in a hurry to go back is the service.  The ordering process is generally quick and easy, but every single time I eat here the person at the counter seems so put out and agitated about having to take someone's order.  And not the same person either.  I know people have bad days, but now it seems like a pattern.  Everyone's struggling to make a buck these days, and it's that little shred of hospitality that makes the difference.
2	I've gone to various America's Taco Shop locations before and have never been that impressed. I'd say the same for this experience. 1st things, we ordered this for a school lunch meeting the other day. We put in the order the night before but no one ever saw it. It was packaged in a hurry and very difficult to distribute. We certainly wold not order it for a group event again. That being said I went back today because I was craving tacos and could bike there in between classes. I was happy to see they gave me napkins in my to go order but that was about the only good thing.  The tacos were meh, as I had expected, but the worst things was this entire place smelled like a bathroom. So if you think America is a bathroom I guess the title is for you. I personally love America and do not care for this place. I'd take a pass.
5	The Best Authentic Mexican America"s Taco Shop!  The staff & all the food are to die for!
2	This place used to be so good.  Something was lost in their quest to rapidly franchise.  Restroom is so unkempt that the smell fills half the restaurant. The outdoor seating is rickety and unsafe.  The meat just tastes.... odd.  I miss what America's used to be. Everything on the menu is ala carte so good luck putting together a meal for $, more like $$.
2	I have never been to any other America's Taco Shop before so I can't speak for other locations but I can tell you that I will not come here again.  I came for lunch here with a couple buddies and were completely unsatisfied with the food portions we ordered.   To be honest the food wasn't the greatest either. For the prices they charge I expected a lot more.  What's up with the flat burrito? Sad to say but we left there almost as hungry as when we arrived.
3	Nice that you can sit outside.  Cashier wasn't that friendly but the cook was.  Tamarindo is the best I have ever had.  Corn was good.  Carne Asada tacos just okay.  Quite pricey for what you get.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	I ordered the burrito and chicken taco combo and was pleasantly surprised. The bean burrito was really great. I loved the salsa. Mild with just enough spices. Great food! I will definitely eat here again.
2	America's Taco Shop make some of the best meat available at a mexican food restaurant... Having said that, with the surprisingly small the portions combined with how steep the prices are, it's better to go somewhere else.My burrito was about as thick as a broom handle and my wife's quesadilla had almost no cheese at all in it. Spent too much for not enough!
