4	Wicked Spoon is the newest buffet on the Strip, located in the Cosmopolitan. The interior design matches the rest of the casino -- modern, chic, and sophisticated. The food has that same style. This definitely ain't your grandma's buffet.Unlike many buffets in town the food isn't presented in huge troughs that you dig into to serve yourself. Here everything comes pre-plated for individual servings. Although they do have several carving stations scattered about. The food that is pre-plated is served on small square plates, or small pots and pans that make it all look more upscale than your typical buffet.Not only does the food look good, much of it tastes good. Here are some of the hits and misses.HITS- Steak w/ chimichurri sauce: tender strips of meat cooked to about medium or medium rare. Delicious- Huevos rancheros: a single, lightly fried tortilla folded in half and filled with ground beef (I think?) with a fried egg on top. Tasty.- French toast: stuffed with cinnamon apples and walnuts. mmmm.- Short rib pasta: small chunks of boneless beef short rib with pasta and mushrooms. One of the best dishes of the day (along with the steak).- Kalbi beef: savory, sweet and delicious- Mashed potatoes: creamy, rich and buttery- Fried shrimp balls: not the best, but not bad- Mussels: like the shrimp balls, not bad, but not great. - Desserts: there were plenty of desserts but I only grabbed a few to taste. Among the standouts were a pecan tart, key lime tart, chocolate covered strawberries, and gelato. The tiramisu wasn't bad. They all looked spectacular and many were topped off with what looked like gold leaf, which was a nice touch.MISSES- Risotto: one bite was enough for me. Funky taste and too mushy- Sushi: I've never had good sushi at a buffet. I don't know why I ever bother. There was a California roll and a spicy tuna roll that were average at best.- Desserts: not all desserts were good. I tried some sort of chocolate tart which was dry and bland and there was some sort of parfait-looking thing with chocolate, raspberries, and some sort of crunchy stuff that tasted off.There were plenty of other dishes that looked good but i just didn't have room to eat any more. The individual chicken pot pies looked good, as did the shrimp, stuffed pork loin, mini sandwiches, and what looked like chili.The biggest negative about the place was that there weren't any signs indicating what the food was. So, I had to ask the employees. All the employees were incredibly friendly -- from the cashiers to the waiters and buss boys to the kitchen staff. Everyone was eager to answer questions and were genuinely excited about the new hotel. Our waiter was probably a little too friendly, as he spent most of his time talking to people and very little time getting our drinks.I'm not sure how much the lunch prices or dinner prices are because we got there at 10:55 am and they charged us the breakfast price ($16 ea.). But, I'm sure it saved us a few dollars.While I still think the Bellagio and M Resort buffets are slightly better, Wicked Spoon isn't far behind. I do think it's better than other buffets I've been to (the Wynn, Red Rock, Palms, and Rio).
4	My husband and I didn't intend to eat at the Wicked Spoon yesterday.  But after walking around the Cosmopolitan, we decided to see what the buffet looked like.  We took one look at some of the offerings, and immediately decided to indulge.  The buffet has a classy decor, but it's the way the buffet is offered that impressed us.  Almost all food is offered in individual portions.  So instead of scooping out items from large trays, you get to pick up small pans of pasta or small baskets of sweet potato fries.  I can't imagine what it's like in the kitchen... there must be five times as many dishes to do each day.  But for those people who worry about the cleanliness and freshness of buffets, this should put them at ease.I was happy with the selection and quality of the foods.  There was some unexpected international treats... I especially liked the gyros and Korean beef.  The mini chicken pot pie was adorable and tasty.  And the dessert selection was great.  You can never go wrong with chocolate covered strawberries.  But there were also mini chocolate covered apples (I'm a fan of all things mini), a nice selection of gelatos with fresh berries, and fudge.More of the food needs to be labelled.  But there were plenty of people around to help identify items.  Unfortunately, there were some problems with servers.  It took a while for us to get our drinks.  And then we lost our drinks, when someone cleared our table while we were re-filling our plates.  But everyone was very friendly... even the manager stopped by to chat and thank us for coming.It will interesting to see if things change after the buffet has been opened a while.  But right now, I'm a fan.  And this buffet is going on my list as one of the better ones in Vegas.
5	Came here because the buffet line at the Bellagio was too long...and I'm sooooooo glad we went here instead! Lunch prices were pretty reasonable (19ish? and dinner is around 29?).  Food and presentation was AMAZING.....it's not your typical buffet where you have to scoop the items onto your plate....most of the food items are presented in their own serving dishes (which were so cute!). They had a great selection and I was blown away by the dessert station-- I loved that the foods were smaller portions so that you can really try the different varieties they have there. I highly recommend stopping by this buffet-- you won't be disappointed!
4	Small plates of quality food differentiate this from the other buffets where they are slopping the hawgs. Yes, they place is brand new and they need to work on the kinks and minor flaws but all in very good concept that improves upon the age buffet. From Authentic sticky rice and quality sushi on one side to the short ribs and tasty small plates, these new digs aim to please a diverse group of hungry gamblers.
3	I went here during Cosmopolitan's opening week for lunch.  Like many things Cosmopolitan, it's a typical Las Vegas experience, but with a little twist.  In this case, some of the foods are served as prepared plates instead of the food sitting in a tray.  The decor is beautiful like the rest of the Cosmopolitan.  Like most Las Vegas buffets, this buffet is multicultural, which basically means it serves Italian, Japanese, and Chinese food.Food choices ranged from mediocre to really good.  The salad bar was a bit lacking, especially in fruits.  There were, unfortunately, no oysters or crab the day I went.  The sushi selection is, like at most Las Vegas buffets, very limited, but I was glad they even had sushi there.They had six different "big meats" to choose from, all of which were forgettable except the roast lamb.  Maybe it was because I got the 2nd or 3rd cut of it, but it was some of the best lamb I've ever had at a buffet.  It was extremely juicy, cooked well and carried that distinct lamb taste well.  Definitely save room for the lamb if you're a fan.The desserts are quite good.  I had a bit of the crepe with bananas foster which is a nice treat I've only otherwise seen in Wynn's buffet.  The rest of the dessert section is composed of small tarts and sweets, varied chocolate-dipped apples and strawberries, and a gelato section.  The gelato section contains some unique flavors like "peanut butter and jelly," which was delicious.  Stay away from the apples.Service was friendly, but poor.  Our waiter sat us down, took our drink orders, and then disappeared.  We only had one refill on drinks and had plates stacking up at the center of the table.  I remember there being two major spills from the staff, one of which was a tray full of sodas.  Once the staff become a little more accustomed to their jobs, things will be really good here.
1	This is the most disorganized buffet plus bad services.
3	Different is the anthem of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Their buffet, the Wicked Spoon, follows that theme. The price ($20.00 for lunch) was very reasonable for a brand-new luxury resort. Be sure to keep your receipt to redeem points at the Identity Players Club. Me and my friends ate here for lunch during its 5th day of operation. With that said, there were a few issues to report. Many of the staff were still getting use to their duties. Our waiter was noticeably nervous when he approached us asking what drinks we would like. Plate removal and drink refills were near non-existant during our meal. The food selection was "different." There were many items that I had never seen at a Las Vegas buffet before. For example, there was pork belly fat wrapped with pickled dikons, cilantro, and a bun. Dishes were presented in a different style as well. There were no trays that held the food, but rather food was presented in small plates. A novel concept, but be warned, some of the plates can be a little hot. There were 4 carving stations with meats ranging from lamb, pork, beef, and chicken. A lack of fresh fruit at lunch was a disappointment. The desert selection was fantastic. There were many cool options including gelato, bananas fosters, chocolate covered strawberries, candied apple, macaroons, etc. I would definitely come back to see how their doing after all the kinks have been worked out service wise. The room itself is well organized with distinctive design features including funky chandeliers and lcd tvs that display random educational food facts. I would like to see more descriptive signage at food service stations.
3	i would say it's a different kind of buffet. Everything is portioned into individual sizes. For a new buffet, I would say there can be improvements. Beware, seafood lovers: to get seafood, you have to pay an extra $15.00 addon fee. There's other add-ons that you have to pay for that you can usually get for free at other buffets.  I would say the price was good, but the add-ons can add up. Pros: the staff is absolutely wonderful! they are so nice and prompt. Our waiter brought us a new drink when we were almost done with our drink. the water doesn't taste like normal tap water that you usually get at regular restaurants. it taste like smart water!The gelato is pretty good. our waiter recommended the peanut butter and jelly and mango gelato. the peanut butter and jelly gelato had a really strong peanut butter taste. not bad. the Tiramisu gelato is goood!
4	My family and I decided to go to the Wicked Spoon for Christmas dinner, since it was new and we were staying at the Cosmopolitan- the elevator we took was right next to the buffet, so every time we came out, we saw the nice decor. The wait was ok, about an hour to an hour and a half. I really liked the reception. In contrast to Bellagio's hustle and bustle and very crowded area around the cashier, the Wicked Spoon had a separated waiting area and were letting people come through to the cashiers group by group, so we didn't feel harassed by people behind us. Someone was already waiting (once we finished paying) to lead us to our table, so we really felt like we got personalized service.  Service was excellent overall. Our waitress was really attentive and was very receptive to any of our requests. (By the way, if you're a fan of hot herbal tea, ask for Herbal Tea! They have a Menthe Poivree that is absolutely amazing!) She disappeared for a few moments, but was easily spotted again within the next 10 minutes. She often came by to pick up any empty plates so the table stayed clean and spacious.The design of the buffet is really, really nice. I felt that everything was very sophisticated, with large and unique chandeliers as well as artistic photographies against the wall. Unlike a lot of other buffets, many of the dishes had their own plating, so when I brought my plate (with cluttered, smaller plates on top), I actually felt it worthy enough to take a picture of. What was even nicer was that we could take the smaller plates and put them in the middle to sample together as a family (as opposed to us eating just from our own plates because other people's plates look really disgusting or something), so we knew which plates to go back for. They had a really good salad selection (including Kobe Beef salad, a really interesting Shrimp Salad with Miso Seasoning that instantly became my favorite) as well as a really good bread and cheese selection. They also had some cured meats, which went really well with the bread and whipped goat cheese. They did have a carving meat section, but the carver (?) seemed inexperienced, and the wait ended up being really long. I kinda gave up on it, so I can't tell you much on that. I'm sure that'll easily get faster over time. I didn't try much of the Chinese stuff, but they had an excellent pork belly with picked dikon in a bun (?). I went back for seconds, and would've gotten another time if I hadn't been so full. The Pho/Miso bar wasn't very impressive.They also had a good selection of pastas and other similar items. Their potato gratin was absolutely delicious. My sister's a really big fan of pasta and she went back for seconds. The majority of the items were labeled, but there were still some that I hesitated to take when they weren't labeled. If you're not allergic to anything, I highly recommend you taking any unlabeled dishes anyways to try! I was really pleasantly surprised by a number of those dishes.The desert bar was really impressive. Bellagio's selection was impressive in quantity, but not so much in uniqueness and quality. The Wicked Spoon's, though, was a lot better. Each of the deserts seemed really artistic and I really enjoyed a lot of them (including the chocolate covered strawberries)! I sadly ran out of room towards the end (that's what I get for getting too zealous over the main entries and not pacing myself), but they also had a Buche de Noel (is it called a "log cake" in English? Haha, I don't know) for Christmas which was also a nice touch. They also had a gelato section, which were served to your request in these cute bowls. So yes, overall, I had a really good time. My dad, who usually just gets a couple of plates and just stops there, actually got up several times to go check if he missed anything and always came back with something that he hadn't seen the first time around. He was really excited, haha. (I think he did mention that some things, you have to actually ask for. I didn't get details, but the meat he brought back was AMAZING.) I, myself, found myself actually bursting at the seams- my stomach felt like it was pushing against my belly demanding for more room) before desert even started (in contrast to Bellagio's, where I just kinda gave up on the main entries and then ate the desserts to get full.)I will definitely be recommending this to anybody who goes to Vegas. :)
3	By far one of the best Buffet's in Vegas. Me and 15 or so of my friends, decided on this buffet for brunch on the day after Christmas.The chefs create small portions of delicious dishes, eliminating a lot of waste that buffets create.There are fewer options than the regular casino buffet you'd be used to but it more than makes up for it in the high quality of food. Everything was delicious, I make it a point to try everything where I can say with confidence that it rivals Bellagio and Wynn's buffet.  If it wasn't for a the fact that they were trying to pass off orange flavored water as orange juice, and the management befuddled and dumbfounded when I brought this to their attention, I would have given them much high marks. Overall, If you had to eat at one buffet in Vegas, I would go with the Wicked Spoon, the Bellagio or the Wynn buffet's.
5	Lovely Lovely Lovely Lovely!This is a new buffet so obviously everything was shiny, new, clean and the servers were still HAPPY!This place is great - very novel. Most of the dishes come out in little mini serving dishes so no waiting 5mins while some douch-bag picks through the shrimp or holds up the line poking through dishes picking the meat out. So with the small serving dishes already set up, you grab your little serving and go.The salad bar, seafood, meat, pizza, everything was lovely. The dessert buffet was to DIE FOR. The detail and the variety was just brilliant. Everything from crepes to little mini desserts, ice cream and nougat/fudge.This is a MUST! Dinner opened at 5pm, we got there around 5:15pm and only took 20mins to get inside. Will definitely go again, and again, and again, and again.
3	The best things about this buffet are wait time and price.  19 for lunch is not too expensive.  If you walk in from the strip, you need to walk about a mile to get to the buffet, but once you get there, the line of wait is pretty short.  I supposed that is the trade off.  As for the food wise, as many mentioned, it is tapas style of food.  You have your typical meat and asian dishes.  Salad is lacking, but for me, I rarely eat salad at buffet anyway, so it is not an issue to me.  The small tapas style does prevent you from overeating as the plate is easily full with all the additional container.  Overall, nothing from the main entree really stands out.  The dessert selection is one of the few one that is worth metioning.  The best is the egg shell type of dessert.  There is a tiny macaron on top.  the chocolate covered apple was a failure, but the strawberry was good.  Not the typical chocolate covered strawberry though, the restaurant also added oreo or other toppings on topGiven its location, I probably won't be back again, but if you never been before, I would recommend to give it a try.  It does provide a different type of "buffet" experience.
3	Everything tastes alright, nothing stands out at this place.This is the newest buffet in town (2010), new concept (Foods were presented in small 'Spoons').   However, the food quality itself and customer service still have lots areas that needs to be improved.1. Whoever directed us to cashiers needs to know when her fellow coworkers are going on lunch break. When you direct customers to a queue, you better know your cashier is not closing down the counter for her own break, or the result is the angry customers redirected line to another cashier while waiting behind the people whose originally behind you in line.2. Waiter/Customer ratio.  I feel bad for the staffs that work here. They have to carry alot of the heavy plates and I did witness some girl dropped the glass bottles (bye bye to part of her wage?).  I agree with other posters that we hardly get our plates removed.  It is easier to push our plates onto other people's table when they are gone than waiting for our waiter to remove them.   Our waiter forgot to bring some of our drinks during the first round, and we had to ask others to refill our drink because we just don't see him very often.  However, when we can grab someone to help, they were glad to help.3. Food availability.  I know this place is trying to be different.  They cut lunch at 3pm.  But the food seems to be disappear starting from 2:15pm.   They have a set quota of food that would be offered during lunch hours.  After the amount of food that's consumed., then it is gone.  For example, sushi (Cut rolls, hand rolls), crab cocktails were gone around early 2pm.  You just simply can't find the chef working at the sushi station no more after 2:15pm.  They just remove the plate completely.  The lady works at the crab stations were trying to find some crabs for me, but there's simply no more. (Yes this is a buffet but you are telling me, sorry, no more food - What a JOKE).  If you guys have set quota of food available, you should be better off a la carte instead of buffet.4. Food taste - Everything tastes very, very average, nothing Wowed me.  It is one of those places that you go in, you come out, and you don't remember what is good about it.   By the way, their Asian Station is bad, I highly recommend them to improve the taste of the food that they offer and they need to clean the counter more frequently.  I have seem that slice of Korean BBQ beef been hanging on the counter (instead of the plate/bowl where its suppose to belong) during the duration of my visit.5. Dessert tastes alright. Small dishes concept, their chocolate dipped strawberry are the highlight of the entire buffet.  Everything else tastes pretty average at best.Since this place is still NEW (opened less than 2 weeks). I give a 3* rating instead of the 1-2 star rating and as I would.  However, until further improvements have been made on service and food, I do not recommend nor I will go back to this buffet for the price and the "Super luxury" buffet that they claimed themselve to be.
5	Boy, oh boy - what a neat idea serving all the food items in little dishes - just like dim sum.  That way, there's no wastage of food and everything is neater and contained within the little dishes.  I love the concept!  Food to go for:- Bone Marrow at the Carving Table - eat with a sprinkle of sea salt in front of the carving table.  Most delectable!!  - Braised Short Rib - so tender that it melts in your mouth!- Leg of Lamb at the Carving Table - Moist and soooo good!- Alaskan King Crab Meat poached with loads of butter on a little dish - how convenient and you don't have to mess up your hands pulling on the meat from the crab legs- Red Ravioli - scrumptious!- Ice Cream- Giant Chocolate-Dipped Strawberries as big an orange!  Truly.  Pace yourself and try each menu item on the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  Wait Service - quite attentive.Line-up for the buffet - took about 40 minutes
4	So I just got back from Vegas...... and you know that anytime anyone who goes to Vegas and back always have a new review posted shortly.  (You don't understand how excited I am to be back just so that  I can write this review for you...LOL!)  So without any further delays, let me share with you what I've discovered while I'm there for a very short, quick, and fun weekend!COSMOPOLITAN.... A brand spanking new hotel sitting right next to Bellagio, has finally opened up it's doors to the glitzy lights of Vegas.  Even though this review is not about COSMO, let me tell you a little bit about it....  This is a Marriott created hotel (NOT part of the City Center / MGM Group), it's got the Planet Hollywood hip feel to it, but man... the design was just to...CRAMMED!  They try to squeeze so much decor into this place that they made it feel so small!  Anyway, there is your sneak peak into COSMO... please do read my future reviews on this place... (Or check it out yourself!)So the highlight of this review of course is the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  Like what I would usually do now once I'm at a location I'll check in on yelp and try to read the reviews prior.  So before deciding to give this place a try I found out that it's a Tapas-Style buffet.  I was like "huh?" but let me tell you... what an awesome concept this place is!!!So we went for lunch (The dinner the night before was insane with lines snaking throughout the buffet so decided to delay my experience)  No lines at 2:30pm, got in immediately, and off to the food we went...Let's start with the drinks like how a normal meal would go... we asked for ice tea, coke, lemonade, and water... all were normal except for the water!  It was Aquahealth water (http://www.aquahealth.com/)...Never heard of it but it was some really delicious dispensed water!  (Very much like Voss Water for those of you have tried that before!)The food was simply crazy!  Everything pretty much was served in small portions but all in miniature cookwares!  (small pots and pans, frying basket, etc.)  So the presentation was 5 stars right there!Food was decent tasting.... (sweet potato fries in small basket, dungeonese crab claws on porcelain dishes, white truffle risotto in an All-Clad like sauce pan (mini-version!) and many many more!  Unfortunately I can tell you everything I've had simply because there were no names but a description in front of each of the servings (much like an high-end restaurant), but all the food tasted pretty good and you can definitely tell that they focused on the quality and not just quantity.  The only complaint that I would have with this place is properly the warmth of the food served... again, this place was opened 10 days ago so I'm gonna let that go...(thus the -1 star)  I'm sure that once they have everything in place things will be simply awesome!  (But they do have a pretty decent selection of food available all in Tapas-Style servings!)The mini-dessert island is no joke!  Everything was all attention to detail oriented so it's awesome to see it being displayed!   But their highlights of the dessert island was the following in my personal opinion...Madelines:  Mini madelines super buttery yet soft!  OMG.... it is one of the best I've had and it's super cute!  Tiny and delicious!!! (great poppers!)Gelato Bar:  10 flavors to choose from!  Al delicious and not overly sweet!  (Like They Cup in City Center)  Great flavor and just right!  Served in mini cones!Chocolate Dipped Strawberries:  THE BIGGEST AND SWEETEST Choco-dipped strawberries I've seen in my life!  And it was simply the best period...  Imagine... wait staff on their break getting some food to the back breakroom..... what's on their plate?  Only Choco-dipped Strawberries....  Gotta Get'em All!!!!!  You will not regret trying this for sure!Finally, the service was awesome!  Our waitress was super nice, attentive, and very accommodating!  Again I can't imagine how they will be once they are finally all in sync with this place say a month from now...  It's gonna be awesome and I'm already looking forward to it!  So kudos to the awesome service training!One ending high note.... we spoke with one of the managers Jackie (totally funny, awesome, and again, accommodating to the max!)  She mentioned that currently her head chef is driving her nuts!  He is literally creating new dishes on the fly on almost a daily basis (in 10 days of opening they had 7 menu change!)  She said that so many locals came here several days in a roll just to see what's new the next day!  That is simply crazy, I personally don't think they can keep that up, but if they do... I will almost have to rank them higher than my all time favorite Sterling Buffet...So... let's get the food hot and tasty, and keep the inspirations flowing on a daily basis.... Wicked spoon....I'm hoping that you can be my new number one on my buffet favorites list!  Trust me... that will be some accomplishment!Wickedly Awesome!
4	This place just opened 2 weeks ago?! My, oh my.The buffet, my first meal in Vegas this time, was certainly welcoming and accommodating. For the last 3 weeks to a month, this Cosmopolitan commercial with an old cougar dancing with a youngster and puppies kept popping up on my tv screen and made me more and more curious. This place is NOT easy to find at all. If it weren't for a friend, I would've never found this place; it's like a hidden gem.The decor is beautiful. Swirly chandeliers and cups, and they even a fancy-looking glass bottle of sparkling water, supposedly "clear and crisp". It tastes like my Poland Spring.The food is really good, but they do need some changes. The lobster, for example, is really sandy. I couldn't tell if i was eating crumbled shells or maybe even sand. The sushi bar has the typical sushi rolls like california, tuna, roe, etc. They should make some more special rolls and a la carte ones.I LOVED the italian section, though, especially the flat pizza. The mashed potatoes, mmhmm! Too much butter and very fatening, but doesn't beat Outback's. Also, I suggest getting the shrimp cups with cocktail sauce. Super fresh.On to the dessert...oh my god, truly amazing - chocolate covered strawberries?! Hell to the yes! Where can you really find these in a buffet, seriously?! I just hate the fact that they were covered in nuts and balls... I mean, crunch balls. I DON'T recommend getting the chocolate covered apple. The apple is tasteless and sandy. Also, the neon colored-looking mango cup was delicious! If they had a chocolate fondue, that would be an extra plus. Dinner was only $27 so it's not so bad, considering the variety of food.
4	Pretty good buffet food for a reasonable price, relatively speaking.  Lots of neat dishes you don't see everywhere and decor/presentation one notch better than most.  Many said service was really bad but it was great for us.  Only a few minutes wait too.
5	My friends and I stopped here after a late night trek to Vegas. Not only were were pleasantly surprised by the price for breakfast ($15) but the food was really good! The buffet was relatively empty because we rolled into Vegas around 7 and got here around 8. The service was great! Our server was very attentive and incredibly friendly. The food was really good as well. Everything was fresh and warm. the omelette bar was great and full of toppings ready to be mixed into your own, perfect omelette. My only complaint here was that our chef was rude, unfriendly, and barked at us when asking questions. Other than that, everything was very good! The buffet is a little hard to fine as it's tucked in the back, but it's definitely worth the trip! The hotel is beautiful too!!!
3	There are a lot of cool things about this buffet that no other place has but most of it was pretty average or subpar.  Having shawarma on a spit is an awesome idea but it wasn't that good.  Risotto is something different but it was pretty meh.  Crab stir fried in some kinda butter sauce might sound appetizing but I would rather just have a plate full of cold crab legs and crack them myself.  They had the most lamb I'd ever seen in a Vegas buffet including ribs, leg and mini chops (prob my favorite thing in the whole place).  I also enjoyed the different individualized portions of pasta.  Wish I had more room for dessert.   And what's with the bottles of water they bring to the table?  There's a reason why every other buffet gives patrons those huge tumblers of water.  So the servers can deal with other stuff...like taking finished plates off the table.  Some of our plates sat there for a pretty long time before they got picked up.  We also had to repeatedly ask for more water and coffee before they actually brought it.  I can think of at least 5 buffets in town I would rather go to than this one for the price though.  Might be a one and done for me.
5	Hands down currently the best buffet food in Vegas. I loved the selection of food. Entrees were more 5 star restaurant than buffet. The taste of the meat was what stood out to me the meats were flavorful and the fish was very good. I love this buffet!!
4	Once you walk into the Cosmopolitan Hotel, there's this huge center bar with a chandelier-like architect of beads strung around the bar from the second floor.  It looks pretty cool the way everything is draped.  The buffet was quite the walk through an open and quite empty hallway and lounge area and when we got there the line wasn't even that long at all.  They charge a ridiculous amount for alcoholic drinks (like $12+) but I guess it's Vegas, or then it was the holidays. Well, to the point, the food was pretty good.  Some portions are individually baked so you have to grab the small baking dish but it takes up space on the plate. Not to mention the plates are quite small so get ready to head up to the buffet quite a few times.  Dessert section was amazing! The chefs have a flair for design but they taste as amazing as they look.
5	Great selection of food for a great price. Most lunch buffets were much more expensive and the lines are horrible. Because this hotel just opened up recently I dont think too many people know about it yet so this is the best time to check it out if you can. The decor and silverware used is nice. Our group really enjoyed our meal that day.
5	This is my new favorite buffet (title previously held by the still very good Studio B at M Resort). Wicked Spoon tries to be a little different and they succeed in many ways. I'm giving them a 5 for now, even though they do have a few issues that will hopefully be ironed out once they are open longer. Based on reviews from other Yelpers, they seem to still be trying out different things since some of the items mentioned by others were not present when I was there and I'm sure I had some things that others did not have. I ended up eating here twice my last trip. I enjoyed it so much I cancelled my steakhouse reservation to eat at Wicked Spoon again. The items were definitely different on both nights. Even the presentation was different on some of the items. They have a really good cold bar. I ate several of the crab and shrimp cocktails. This is a great place for those who have eaten at all the other buffets and are looking for a change of pace. I lost count of the number of items they offered that you really can't get at any other buffet. While other new buffets try to be more and more extravagant, this one tries to be different. with great results. My favorite item was the blackened lamb ribs. Now for the areas that need improvement. Service is definitely an issue. The line moves slow, although I think that can be credited largely to the buffet being new and people are still getting used to their jobs. It seems like they will eventually have some self serve kiosks, but they were not being used when I was there. The servers also seem to be overwhelmed. They may want to consider hiring more servers since the nature of this buffet (small plates, pans, baskets, bottles, etc.) generates more that needs clearing. That being said, the service was friendly and very good, if a little slow. The servers seemed really proud to be there though, which is always a good thing. They also need to stock cold plates in the cold bar and dessert sections. The dessert selection is a bit small. I wish they had some little cakes or something. The Asian food section is the one that needs the most work right now. It was the weakest section and needs more variety. I'm guessing their chef has very little experience with Asian cuisine since even the simple dishes were messed up. The Korean short ribs, for example, were overcooked and drowning in sauce. The dim sum needs to be made in smaller batches.Minor quibbles aside, this is a very good buffet. Maybe not as big or as fancy as others, but very good for what it is and the price makes it an awesome value.
5	Wicked Spoon takes first place on my list for best Vegas Buffet!!I was there for lunch today and it was a delight! Just walking into the new Cosmopolitan is an amazing experience.Once you make your way to the second floor for the buffet, you are encountered with splashes of modern art, including oversized sculptures of high heels; very sexy! The whole vibe is very trendy, hip and modern. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We were seated in our special req. booth without a problem.  We headed to the buffet and I couldn't believe the humungous selection of items! I read about the tiny dish distribution, so I knew what to expect, but I didn't think there would be such a variety. I have been to practically every buffet in Vegas, and usually make my way around the whole thing on the 1st round, but I only got through half of this place the first time around!Almost every item I tried was highly delectable! One of my favs was the braised beef with pasta & mushrooms, yummmmy! The roast chicken and mashed potatoes were also divine, perfectly cooked and seasoned! Even the salad was above the norm, with tasty, high quality, applewood smoked bacon.It seemed like every dish was made of the finest quality of ingredients. This was a major bargain, 20 bucks for a gourmet lunch with endless, delicious selections! The only negatives were the mac & cheese, which lacked seasoning & the santa fe style corn bread bake, not my thing, food labels would have been helpful here.The desserts were beyond amazing as well, the salty peanut & pistachio ice cream tasted like they were homemade, and those madelines were mighty tasty. I highly recommend this buffet!! As a gal who is known as "The Queen of the Buffets", I give this one 5 stars!!!!
3	I came here during the week of Christmas last year, which was the opening week of The Cosmopolitan. For such an upscale and luxurious casino, you would think that their restaurants have to be top-notch and at their best. Unfortunately, that was not the case when I went.The Good: $20 for lunch at a very nice place is not that bad. There was a variety of food, most of which were served in individual plates, which is different compared to most other buffets in Vegas that serve their food in big trays for you to scoop out of. There was a good selection of meats (definitely try the lamb if you can), a small sushi bar, some dim sum, and other kinds of food -- they all varied in excellence. There are unusual foods which I have not seen at other buffets before, one of them being pork belly fat wrapped inside a flour bun. Nonetheless, the food was presented beautifully, just like the decor around the buffet (curly-glass chandeliers and beautiful silverware). The dessert selection was amazing, and it's not like any other dessert selection you see at other buffets. There were macaroons, chocolate slates, mini chocolate-covered apples (each is unique with different toppings), gelato, unusual tarts sitting in egg shells, and chocolate covered strawberries. You can tell that they put a lot of effort into individually making each piece of dessert.The Bad: My number one complaint here would be the staff. Although friendly as they were, they were not prepared as they should be, both in terms of handling food AND as waiters. Our waiter approached our table saying, "My name is uh, ____. *Long pause* I am going to be your server today." It seemed pretty obvious he was trying to remember his lines, which should have been perfected before the grand opening of such a high-class casino. Not only that, but he DISAPPEARED after giving us our drinks and NEVER CAME BACK to check up on us or refill our drinks. Our glasses were empty after a while and we had to call on a random staff to refill it for us. As we were eating, we heard a big clash near the kitchen door and found that the same staff member just dropped the tray with our drinks on it. Another clash was heard later on, for another staff had dropped another tray on the floor. Our finished plates literally filled up the entire table before the staff took it away. Also, the place lacked fruits, which I think is essential at a buffet.Overall: I feel that this buffet has so much potential, but just lacks the proper staffing experience and some food quality/selection at the moment. If you're reading this review in the future, hopefully the staff will be more prepared and the food choices will open up just a little by then. I am a little bit curious myself to see much they will improve in a few months' time.
4	Great value - it's a reasonably priced buffet.  Great service and nice ambience.  For the first time I didn't feel like I had to fight with other people to grab the best food.  As others have said - the presentation is great with individual sized portions of most of the entrees. The downside is some of the food was just warm - I could just tell it would be so much better if it were piping hot, fresh from the oven.  Flavors were good, though. Dessert was amazing, fudge pyramids, gelato, mini apple cobblers.  If you're coming from the casino, be prepared to walk a long way to get to the buffet - it's far!
3	Interesting concept. For 27 bucks for dinner, one of the cheaper gourmet buffet options on the Strip. Wicked Spoon's concept is a buffet tapas thing - everything in small portions on small plates. Unfortunately, there are several problems: one, the stations aren't very clearly labeled. So you have to wander around a bit to figure out the layout and there are a couple of stations I didn't really get. (I THINK it's a make-your-own-Thai-rice-noodle-soup station at the end of the Asian portion.)The second problem is that any time you plate several small plates on top of a larger one, they start to slide around as you walk. And it made for stacking the dirty dishes difficult for the waitstaff. Who, coincidentally, are not super amazing at their jobs. I can't IMAGINE what the dishwashing looks like behind the scenes.Overall, there was a wide range of food options. I enjoyed an udon noodle stirfry, some Korean riblets, and the little shrimp cocktails. Lamb chops in olives and artichoke hearts was a stand out, if they could get some more olive flavor into the meat. We also uniformly enjoyed the sausage in balsamic grilled grapes. (Okay, not exactly sure what this was, wish I'd taken better notes. Sorry Yelp.)I see that other Yelpers have given the Asian section bad reviews but I honestly thought it was one of the better Asian sections on a buffet in town. Less focus on sushi, and more on regional foods that don't always show up on a buffet line. (Probably because middle America is just getting around to trying it.)We didn't like the already-lumped crab. It was chewy and overdone and we all commented that we preferred the mess of shelling it because it usually tasted better. Other misses: lamb ragu with gnocchi. Saffron cod barely tasted saffrony. Dessert was eh, but we didn't have any of the gelato. I did like that they had a bowl of mixed berries - should have stuck to this, a bit of fresh cheese and bread off the salad line and gone with a European dessert. The cheese selection is quite nice for a buffet in this price range.I hate to feel so mixed. I'm sure management will dumb this place down soon, so go experience it for yourself before they do.
5	The Best Buffet in LV!We tried practically all "high end" and highly rated buffets in LV, including Sterling, Wynn, Belagio, Studio B, Paris, Rio, PH, Caesar, ect...  We actually got sick of buffets at the end.However, we thoroughly enjoyed WS the most even though it was the last buffet we tried.  The food was flesh and higher quality than most.  There were more selections than most.  Wish we had gone here first so that we could have gone back before leaving LV.If you are not sure, just try their lunch buffet which is only $19/person.
5	We ate at the Wicked Spoon twice last week while in town for the CES. The gourmet food was so good that we went back a second time. We would have gone back for Breakfast had our schedule allowed it. Our first meal was on Wednesday at 1pm. The place was not crowded at all. There was a great selection of food. Everything was delicious. Others have spoken about the "individual serving" sizes being too small. Well you can take as many as you want or go back for more, so I don't see their argument. One point that I would make, however, is that if you just want to taste the ricotta cream spinach or the red wine braised mushrooms you HAVE to take a full serving. Our next meal was on Thursday at 7pm. Again it was not crowded. The selection was very similar to the previous lunch with a few added selections. The spicy crab meat was not overcooked but we did notice some small shell pieces in it.    The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino all the way back in the West End Tower. We easily walked from the Monte Carlo. Taking the crosswalk from City Center over Harmon Ave allows you to enter the resort by the chandelier. If you want to ride the tram, I would say it is just about the same distance from the tram station at the Bellagio as it is from the one at Crystals. The routes from both are convoluted.
5	Wicked Spoon is sooooo cute!!  This place feels so fancy-schmancy in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, but you aren't really paying all that much more for great food and beautiful presentation.  For Sunday Brunch, we came here with a party of 7 - It was $23 for Brunch and $30 for Brunch with unlimited Champagne.  I am sure that it is cheaper during the weekdays.  With all the drinking and eating that we've been doing, we decided that it was best to forgo the unlimited Champagne.  Having heard that this place just opened nearly a month ago, I was super impressed with their food and the number of patrons.  This place was not easy to find.  The drinks here are massive!  My cup of coffee was the same size as their huge orange juice cups!  Even though it is not unlimited, everyone still got a glass of Champagne as a part of their Sunday Brunch.  I love their portions of food.  I love that the desserts are serves in cute little metal cups - Excellent presentation and choice!  It is nice to know that the food has been untouched by someone else!  Bonus points!The dessert section was awesome!  I highly recommend their coffee Gelato Ice cream (There are bits of nuts and toffee in there! MmMm), Strawberry dipped Chocolate (There are toffee in the chocolate and rice crispy covered in white chocolate! mMmMm), and the list can go on and on.  I actually don't recommend their caramel/chocolate dipped mini red apples, but that may be a personal bias as I believe in green apples and white chocolate!  Did I mention that they had fresh Dragon Fruit? MmMm!Beautiful experience here.  I definitely want to return for their dinner buffet the next time I am in Vegas!  Since this place is still new, I am sure there will be more changes and improvements in the menu!  I can't wait for it!!!
4	I love the new Cosmo hotel in Vegas, my friends and I already planned to stay there next time we come back. The whole place was full of young, attractive people, which is A+ in my book. Wicked Spoon is one of the best buffet places I've tried in Vegas...for the price. It offers bite size portion, which is great because we can almost try "everything" in there. The food is not too amazing, in fact, a little too salty for my taste. But boy, their chefs know how to make lamp....every single lamb dish I tried...LOVE IT! Their worst dish? No doubt the Korean bbq short rib, too sweet and too salty.Our server was super cute and nice too. I believe her name was Laura or something like that. She was making jokes with us and we even hang out after she got off work. I like the Cosmopolitan, I like Wicked Spoon and I like you Laura :)
2	My buddy Tony T, which is a chef, recommended this place, which is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, there was nothing wrong with the hotel, Except the BUFFET!  They make it upscale, but it's not all that.  There's no flavor at all.  You have tourists, which have lost all there $$ on Gambling.  They feel they should recuperate there losses with eating all the food they can.  They make the portions very small, in little plates (tapas style), but you can only fill 4 items on your plate.  That's a lot of dishes to work with.Well, since I lost so much $, i wanted to eat so I can have some energy to play again.  1.  SERVICE: Our waiter was not to be seen.  We had to flag down a Manager after 20 mins of dehydration,  once we spoke with the manager, we had prompt response with our drinks, with 2 other waiters.  We still didn't see our waiter for another 30 mins.  Once we did, we actually had to ask for sugar because there was none available for our Ice Coffee and Ice Tea.2.  PHO STATION: The Soup was not hot and they place the Greens under a food hot lamp.  All the greens were wilted.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME??3.  LABELS:  Most of the dishes have no labels.  You pretty much have to guess what the dish is.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  I thought this salad was with taro, but it wasn't.  I had no idea what that stuff was?  Even their soups, you had to guess.  There were 2 choices of soup, Pho Base or Miso Soup.  of course, they don't label it.  I betcha most of the "WHITE" people put the miso soup with the Pho Rice noodles.  that's a major faux-pau in the culinary industry.  Just my opinion.4.  DESERT BAR:  Again, they have no labels next to the items, so you have to guess what the heck it is.  You had to flag down someone behind the bar in order for them to hand you a desert behind the display case.  They should leave that out, if you have to wait there for 5 mins to get a desert.They had this Egg custard , in an Egg shell, that Tone recommended, which had different layers of flavors.  I was so intrigued.  So I got one.  But to my dismay, it was just soup.  It was a creamy shot of Blah.. he said it was not made right, since the first time it was made.  it was suppose to be layers, but they did not let the layers set.5.  RESTROOMS:  They have a very very small restroom for the Buffet.  only 4 people can fit in the bathroom at 1 time.  When I was there, only 1 urinal was available.  so a max of 3 people can be in at one time.  This is okay, but after i finished my meal, the Desert Egg Shell Custard shot did not agree with me.  At least I can recommend the Egg custard as a Laxative.
5	THIS PLACE WAS GREAT!! I went during the holiday season this past winter, but since they were doing this 7-hotel buffet deal for super cheap, a lot of the usual buffets that I frequent (Rio, Paris) were packed.  So, fearing that I might run into yet another long and dreadful buffet queue, my bf and I got there around 4:45, which turned out to be a little too early since the buffet actually does not open until 5pm.  So after a 30-minute wait, mostly just getting all the early people in, we were in for a great surprise!I absolutely LOVE how they make their dishes into these cute little tapa-sized containers.  It makes the place so much neater!!! And the dessert... ooh my gosh.  I almost died on the table from dessert-overdose.  They have these delicious chocolate and raspberry (or strawberry.. not sure) truffles that had me going back to the dessert section again and again.  Oh, did I mention our waiter, and most of the other waiters, was pretty damn model-status? :PFor 27 bucks, this dinner buffet was very, very worth it!
4	An awesome buffet...I came here when it was only 2 weeks old.  The line was only about 10 minutes long and lunch was 25 bucks.  The style was tapas so the food isn't mass produced.  They had their meat cuts, breakfast items like eggs benedicts, cheesy potatoes, some smoked salmon, braised pork belly, dim sum items, etc.  Definitely quality buffet food.  Also, the cutest desserts evar, and 10 different gelato flavors... !! Only complaint, our server was super bad... didn't come up to get our drink orders til my second plate... rarely came by at all to get refills or ask us if we needed anything...
4	I was at CES and got tired from walking the show.  I was hungry and didn't want to eat the crappy Sbarro pizza, nathan's hot dogs, etc.  I also wanted to check out the new Cosmopolitan hotel so I took the shuttle from the convention center to the Cosmopolitan.I was happy to see the buffet.  Lunch was only $19.The decor is very clean.  The food is laid on fairly well.  There is a sushi/sashimi section (with other Asian food such as pho, dim sum, etc.).  There are lots of small pots with beef, chicken, port, etc.  There is a carving station for turkey, prime rib, ham, etc.  The salad bar is also very nice.  Overall, the selection, cleanliness, and quality of food was top notch.I knocked off 1 star because the dim sum area was under a heat lamp that severely dried out the food.  It's really annoying trying to eat shrimp har gow with a paper dry skin.The dessert was AWESOME!  The gelato station was great and i especially loved it because they have sorbetto.The chocolate is the good stuff and top quality.This is a great addition to the Las Vegas buffets and is my new favorite.
5	This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas already. As everyone else has said, the food is almost all on small plates so it's hot and fresh. More than that, though, is that for $27 at dinner you really get legit upscale food. Two different types of crab. Shortrib over risotto. Full carving station with lamb. Lobster ravioli. Pan-seared trout. And there's no wait because it's a little hidden in the new Cosmo. Bonus: Huge glass of wine was only $10.
2	I went into Cosmo hotel to grab an early dinner after CES and was blown away by the decor and ambiance of Wicked Spoon Buffet. We got there at right at 5pm with no wait, and the cost was only $27 for dinner. Affordable pricing for such an upscale looking buffet.I loved how all the food was laid out and there were individual platings of all the sides in cute mini plates or pots. Definitely an A+ for looks. Too bad the taste fell way short.At first, I though that it was pretty tasty, but alas I was just too damn starving and distracted by the pretty plates to notice. But after my first plate, I noticed that nothing really stood out. I had no favorites to go back to...and I just ended up trying a little bit of everything. Which is almost IMPOSSIBLE to do.Remember those cute individual platings? TERRIBLE IDEA! Sometimes I would only want a bite or two, but because I had to take the entire serving, I ended up with a stack of lil plates and pots on my table. I felt super wasteful, but couldn't bear to eat the entire serving because I didn't like it all that much. Plus those small serving plates avoid you from piling on different things at the buffet creating more than necessary trips back and forth. By then, you just end up getting full before you can get your money's worth. Boo!The meats were a little dry, and WHAT...no crab legs?? Instead they had some kinda peeled crab (I THINK) in some butter sauce. Of course I wouldn't really know because nothing is LABELED. But regardless, it was rubbery and weird and tasteless. My favorite thing was the shrimp cocktail, juicy and plump...but it was served in tiny plates of 2 shrimp apiece :\ Whyyyyyyyyy is life so difficult??My favorite part of buffets is always the dessert bar. Again, everything here looks stunning. Miniature works of art. Although looking individual and unique, many of their dessert were similar in form...custard base with a fruit gel. Nothing spectacular. They also have chocolate covered strawberries which I liked, but my favorite was the gelato. The salted peanut flavor was my top pick.Service was also on the slow side. It took the waiter 30 minutes before my coffee came out. By then I already fell asleep from the mediocre food -_-Pretty face, but lacking in quality substance.
4	Personally one of the best buffets in vegas. Ambiance is great, staff are friendly and accomodating. The food here excites me and i guess its how they present their food or should i say how its plated.I love the desserts, colorful, playful and it tasted good!
4	I ate here after I went to CES and let me just say this place is nice! If you are a guy who likes to be served by girls this is a place for you because all of servers are waitresses. The Restaurant itself deserves 4 STARS.It was very clean and organized. There seats are new and the booths are comfortable. The tables are good size and there are enough space to walk between tables. The style is modern which was a big plus!The service deserves 5 STARS.All the waitresses smiled and very polite. They know when you need a refill of the WATER BOTTLE.. yes they give each table a bottle of water so you could pour some on your own glass. No waiting for service even in the food area they served with smile.The food deserves a 4 STARS.They serve  a high quality of food and very delicious. The servings were decent amount but you could always go back if you want more. They have sushi and I really like their Shirm Tempura Sushi. Their mushroom cooked in red wine was so good! I've never had anything that was cooked in red wine but it was sooo delicious. Their fried rice was not greesy at all but so good. Most of their food weren't greesy. The deserts are the best! so many choices to choose from. Gelado ice cream, cookies, rice cakes, and so much more!The price is reasonable SUNDAY BRUNCH $23 deserves 4 STARS.DEFINITELY GOING BACK TO TRY DINNER!
4	Great Vegas buffet!!Pretty affordable for quality tasting food! Sunday brunch was $23 dollars. The selection was good, and they had just enough variety without being too overwhelming. The dessert bar display was beautiful, anddd they had gelato! Except no hazelnut flavor = -1 points for them, but still, lots of sweets to choose from :) The interior of the buffet was pretty cool. I don't know how to describe the design inside since it was kind of different/unique, and also kind of random, but it was pretty fancy for such an affordable buffet. This buffet was not outstandingly exceptional, however, as in don't expect to find fancy or exotic cuisine here. But you will find all of your main dishes prepared quite well. One of my favorite dishes was the orrechiette pasta, it was absolutely amazing! I'd say this buffet falls in line with the Bellagio buffet. Definitely worth a try!
4	This is one of the best buffets on the Strip.  We came here for the Sunday brunch, because I'm a brunch glutton.  Since it was fairly new, the place is still really clean and sleek.  We got to the line a tad before noon and it was still really short.  We walked around to get a scope of the place.  There was an area with Asian foods, carving station, and breakfast area, and two islands on either side of the buffet for the salad and cheese bar, and the dessert bar.  I love how many of the dishes are served in small dishes.  The shrimp cocktails was in a dish with on 2 shrimps, but they were really good, too bad there were no crab legs.  Also, the prime rib was delish!  It was really juicy and there were different kinds of condiments to choose from, I chose the chimichurri.  I also loved that there were chocolate dipped strawberries and gelato in the dessert area.  My only disappointment was that our server wasn't really timely with taking away our plates.  Other than that, this is a definitely a buffet worth your money.
3	I'd say it was ok.  Yes, I can see how they're trying to be different from the other buffet by offering their dishes in smaller portions and yes, i'll give it to them...the presentation of their dishes are amazing (especially in the dessert section!), but...i just wasn't blown away.  =/The pros: The salads are amazing...the miso shrimp salad...i had to have seconds!! It was delicious!! Husband doesn't eat much salad...but came back with a plate full of different salads. The asian section of the buffet had some pretty good entrees.  And the dessert selection was pretty vast.  The chocolate covered strawberries, the fudge, cookies, and of course, there was a gelato bar that a buffet can't be without. The cons:  Some of the dishes had no placards so you didn't really know what it was that you were getting.  The fish dishes were overcooked. The ham hock mac n cheese...the mac was completely undercooked, it tasted like raw dough! It was disgusting! Bottom line: Maybe they need more time.. i would go back again to give it a second chance!
5	Wicked Idea!Bomb buffet with a twist; items are placed in cute lil pots and kettles! Great for sharing!Another pat on the back for wicked...they have a unique menu!  A lovely array of gourmet oohs and aaahs that will leave you highly impressed.Few things I tried: chicken pot pie, braised short ribs with sweet berry glaze, mushu taco, spinach risotto, mac n cheese with toasted crumbs, some cod dish, clams, mushroom ravioli, sushi etc.  They all came in these adorable little pots and serving dishes =)  Everything was extremely rich and flavorful!Dessert looked a lot better than it tasted but again, I was impressed. Gold flakes sprinkled on top, the dessert bar looked like Willy Wonka's factory! Choc covered strawberries and mini candy apples were a hit.I went for lunch and it came out to $22!  VERY IMPRESSED =)
3	Excellent presentation, ate a little of everything,..but everything seemed to taste bland (no, I didn't go partying or anything the night before.)I guess the presentation raised my expectations.Everything was neatly portioned, and looked delicious, from the pork belly sandwich to the gelato. Service was good. I just wish more flavor was present in the food....
4	I always said I was anti-buffet.Until now.This place is amazing.Beautiful decor.Great variety and portions of food.And extremely reasonable prices.I didn't think a buffet like this could exist!Believe the reviews, it is definitely worth checking out. And most importantly, definitely worth your money.
5	I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth but this spot makes me feel like i was! Endless options, high quality ingredients, attentive and prompt waiter service...$29 dinner with tax. Try the lamb with parmesan crust it's the tits! For dessert the salty peanut ice cream is top notch! Even the complimentary aqua health sparkling water made this a meal to remember!
3	I think this buffet and I are going to have one of those love/hate relationships. On one hand, the food was pretty good. Definitely on par with the food at the M buffet. Plus, I didn't have to waste my time getting messy trying to get the crab out of the shell, because it was already done for me. Something, I haven' found at any other buffet.  Also, unlike the M, the wait to get in isn't 3 to 4 hours.They also offer a lot of desserts that other buffets don't. Chocolate covered strawberries. Chocolate covered apples [but I wish they were caramel covered]. Crepes. Peanut butter & jelly gelato. Salted peanut gelato. Cute litle mini chocolate cones filled with pudding.  On the other hand, the thing I hate most about this place [seems to be the  thing most people love about this place], is the fact that most dishes are served on individual plates or little pots. In most buffets, only the desserts such as cake or pie are served on individual platters. Why do I hate this? Simply put - I can't fit as much on my plate. When I go to buffets - my plan of action is to usually get a little bit of a lot of food to kind of feel the place out. Which is, definitely something I couldn't do here. You can only grab about 3 small plates at a time. Which means you have to get up from your table more often. I guess, this could be construed as a good thing - as it provides a little more exercise to negate some of the thousands of calories you will have consumed by the end of the meal. BUT, I like to chill at the table with whomever else I am with and enjoy my food - without having to pause the conversation to get up and get more food every five minutes. Lastly, I've gotten used to the free, unlimited beer/wine/cider offered at the M. So, I was disappointed by the fact that this buffet did not offer the same. But, that could just be me being spoiled. =pSo, like I said - definitely a love/hate relationship. But, I think it's leaning more towards the hate side. Would I go back? Probably. Would I rather go to the M? Probably.
4	At least one buffet visit is a requirement of mine each time I hit Vegas. The line at the buffet in Aria was to long, and so I yelped nearby places and found this place in the Cosmo which is next door. Pass the Red and Black heel, take some photos,  and  bam you're there.  It was a pretty good find. 19$ for lunch and not that long of a wait. Most dishes are served tapa style, in small little plates or small pans. I like this concept becauseA) it doesnt allow you to put to much on your plate in one sitting and B) all the food doesnt touch each other.  Dont kid yourself though, you will end up overeating as the food is really good  and made with quality ingredients. Their gelato was probably the best Ive had at a buffet.  Only pet peeve I had was they dont label half of their dishes, so you dont know what your getting and you have to end up asking them which is a pain when your hungry.
4	overall a tasty buffet.  definitely try the roasted rack of lamb, it was very tender but BEWARE THE HORSERADISH SAUCE - it's from the 7th pit of hell.  a little dab will do you just fine.  I foolishly swirled a bite around the sauce, put it in my mouth, and after 5 or 6 chews, dropped the fork and started slapping my forehead.  it was like eating an entire ball of wasabi.everything else was average to above average, the sushi rolls were surprisingly decent, and the desert table, the wicked spoon's key selling point, was a beautiful sight to behold, and while it was enjoyable, it gave a bit too high an expectation.  I will say the chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING and the strawberry cheesecake shot was also very good. the ambiance is nice and the service was great.  so yeah, 4 stars.  dunno if I'd go back unless one of my friends had a big sweet tooth.
4	Came in on a weekday. Bad idea. The food was kind of dry. I even saw the cooks moving the food around to keep the sauces from settling. Friend came for a second time on the weekend and reported to me that the food was a lot better and fresher, but there was a wait on the weekends. The food looked better than it tasted, for the most part. Overall, for the price you pay, which was about $29 or so after taxes, it's still a pretty good buy. The only thing I found annoying was that many of the selections were already in their own dishes. So if you wanted to grab a lot of food at once, it was sort of impossible unless you were good at Tetris and knew how to stack like a boss.
5	Excerpted from a longer post about my experience at their Grand Opening Weekend. To read the full thing and see the pictures, check out my blog!The next morning we somehow managed to wake up with enough time to make it to brunch at the Wicked Spoon. And boy am I glad we didn't miss this. You want to talk about epic? This was the most epic brunch ever. Not only was it the most innovative buffet I've ever seen, but all of the food choices were fresh, constantly replenished and often served to you by a worker from behind the counter. I ate the most amazing truffled potatoes ever and was super bowled over by the Eggs Benedict, fresh berries and butternut squash ravioli. They had a giant dessert station as well complete with a full gelato bar. Everything was so pretty and we found a resurgence of the gold flakes on numerous desserts.
4	Food is presented in a very cute fashion and taste fresh and delicious.  The dessert station is better than Bellagio and now I must say that it is the best buffet in Vegas.  One thing I have to mention is that the line wasn't very long but it went very slow.  When you get in, there's all these empty tables.  I think they should get it together and hire more servers so that people don't have to wait that long.  I think waiting in line is the biggest drawback of going to buffets.Last thing, they will ask you "would you like to put in gratuity?" I say yes and pay 15%, then they give me a slip with gratuity section being empty.  So I wrote it in.(they already put it in)  I paid twice of gratuity because their system is confusing.  Don't make my mistake.
3	I had the breakfast buffet for $16.00 on a Sunday in January.  The place wasn't busy at 9am.  Nice design and looked very modern. The staff was nice and attentive, especially my waiter.  Standard breakfast-omeletts eggs benedict, french toast, apple sausages, fruits, cereal, dragon fruit, smoothies at the dessert table.  No seafood or any other ethnic food.    The portions are small like tapas style as mentioned in other reviews.   Cons: I wish they posted  the prices at the cashier or a sign near by.  Also, I wish there were signs for all the items instead I noticed a few signs on some items.
2	Went during a weekday and the food was mediocre. The two stars are only due to its presentation, which was excellent. Our waitress was one of the best - took care of us, explained the divisions of buffet areas, and she took the initiative to bring us water WITH our regular drinks. Our table was never cluttered with plates because as soon as we left and came back, they were gone. The food came preportioned already, which is a great idea to limit waste at a buffet and the shrimp was already peeled and placed in a small plate for us with a dollop of cocktail sauce. So cute!The lack of three stars is due to the actual food :(Unfortunately the food was not good. It was bland and dry. The desserts weren't even that great except for the ice cream/gelato. The pasta, though it was preportioned, was left out in little bits only to dry because of the heat lamps :( Most of the food tasted burnt and overcooked.The cosmo was definitely a place to visit and sight see but not to eat.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  Loved the tapas style spread.  Favorite was the braised short ribs in individual cast iron skillets.  Will travel to Vegas just to eat here.  Sorry Studio B.
5	My husband and I came here for brunch today and we really like the food and the decor of the place.  I like the tapas style being served, very different compare to other buffets.  The price per person is 23+ tax which is not bad... We lived in Vegas  so we've tried almost all the buffet and this is by far the top... Bank for ur buck :)
4	What a refreshing new Buffet in town! Love their concept. The quality is decent and the price alright. The only downside: the partially non existing LABELS! It would be great to know what I am eating...
3	Why must I "rate" this place, damn it. The idea is so original, new, trendy, and seemingly THE dream buffet of a gourmand. Unfortunately, I guess the common phrase is true, "looks aren't everything."Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's a long, weird and windy walk. You will be easily distracted by odd objects: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=q-Ckm0qluUvbReCUhCWYrwThe buffet has different selections of dishes served in buffet style trays and some items were presented in mini pots, pans, and your own mini deep-fryer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=g0AI7zRDTe5M-Oac7z4wbQ).  The dishes were labeled with detailed descriptions; instead of your typical "arugula salad" sign, it was "arugula and candied cashews with blackberry vinaigrette salad." It kinda gives you a clear idea of what you're eating, sans playing the guessing game.Although the dishes were attractive, I've had better buffets on the strip. I can think of maybe 1 or 2 memorable dishes, and the rest were just passable. Hm, I guess that's what you would generally expect at a buffet..I was a little disappointed in the dessert section. The colors and presentation of the desserts selection made me so excited. Come on, dessert cups topped with edible silver flakes?! Unfortunately, the only thing I really enjoyed were the mini apple pops and gelato. Everything, all in all, was sort of a hit or miss. (a "miss," as in, hell to the NO)This place has so much potential! I have mixed feelings about this buffet, so I don't know how to accurately rate it. So, why is this so hard? Well, that's what she said.
4	After having a bad experience at the paris buffet, we decide to go walk off all the unnecessary calories off by going to the new Cosmopolitan hotel and see all the shiny bling and art. It was indeed impressive. After a brisk walk through long open hallways and a cluster of 5 foot tall dog statues pointed towards each other, then a giant high heel we came across the Wicked Spoon buffet. Even though were we were full we wanted to do  walk through. We were impressed by the tapas style method of serving and the food looked good as well. Then we passed by the dessert section which is FULL of fudge, pastries,  chocolate covered crab apples and strawberries, ice cream and gelato, and fresh berries ( you can tell i have a major sweet tooth) that was the point we realized we made a huge mistake by eating at the paris and were planning a return trip there to actually try the food that was making our mouths water.Fast forward 2 days, we arrived there at 5pm for sunday brunch which was reasonably priced at $27.Ambiance was very comfortable and the decor was cool. luckily we were seated next to the food since we made many trips back n forth seeing how you can only fit 3 small (2-4 bite) plates onto the normal plate you carry. Ii tried 3 different salads which were all fresh and yummy.Truffle oil infused potatoes were nothing to write about. they love lamb at this buffet because there were 3 different dishes there, not a huge fan of lamb but they were ok as well.I didnt expect much from buffet sushi but it was actually surprisingly good since it was being prepared fresh constantly by the chef on site. There was a Pho station which was nice too, you don't usually see these at buffets. I also liked the brussels sprouts, and fingerling potatoes, red wine mushrooms and the pork bun.Kinda dissapointed that you have to pay $15 extra for king crab legs, i opted out since i wanted to focus on the regular menu items there.they did serve 2 kinds of king crab, (not legs) one in a butter sauce and the other in a bernaise sauce. both were overcooked and rubbery.I even tried the new batches they brought out to find the same result :(I didnt try the meat carving stations.Dessert did not dissapoint though, berries cherries all juicy and sweet.Huge tasty chocolate strawberries, great Gelato, i tries the pistachio and salty peanut flavors.I'd go back for sure.Currently the M is my favorite buffet but this may take that spot.BTW if youve got $90 to spend per person check out the sterling buffet at the Ballys! only open 1 day a week but its the Ultimate. top notch shit there
5	My favorite buffet yet! $35 for brunch buffet + unlimited bloody mary/mimosas bar...great deal! The food was DELICIOUS. All of us LOVED the food, the variety and..the desserts! No line at noon and just overall, a great great buffet experience!
4	I like the concept.....buffet style small dish servings. This is the newest buffet at the Cosmo hotel. It is a pretty decent offering and the twist is that some of the food options are already portioned in small serving dishes which you can pick up. Keeps the food wastage down and I think it improves the buffet experience by limiting inevitable self-serving errors (avoid getting a plateful of warm smoked salmon). Pastas were amazing and a cutting station with medium rare steak. Great desserts especially the gelato. Fresh, clean with waitstaff that aren't gruffing and huffing from the buffet grind. One of your better buffet options on the strip right now
5	Best buffet experience in Vegas, and I've tried them all.  Modern fusion twists on traditional world station offerings.  Consistently high quality.  Easy buffet to find and delight in healthy...healthier...dining, especially for a buffet. Delicious gelato to finish the meal.
2	Came here with the fabulous Jessica Y. (see review below).First off..I totally understood why there was no wait on a Saturday night. This place is located in a really random section of the hotel. Maybe people got lost trying to find the buffet?Dinner was $27.99 which is a little cheaper than say Bellagio or the Wynn.The first thing I noticed was the swanky interior. It matches the hotel in that everything is very modern.I knocked off a star for the food selection. I really thought there was not enough options. I usually go to the Bellagio or Wynn buffet and I usually come back with a FULL plate every time. At the Wicked Spoon...I kept staring at everything and just thought....meh.They give you little pots/pans instead of letting you scoop things until you realize you have 3 little pots/pans on your plate and no room for anything else. Those suckers take up space and they slide around your plate.I knocked off another star cause the food I got...I didn't like.I like my buffets with a mix of familiar and gourmet...but this place tried to be all fancy schmancy and failed at making the food taste good. The pizzas particularly looked really flat and unappetizing.I knocked off another star for their desserts. I am a girl and desserts mean everything to me when it comes to meals. No matter how full I am I will always have a FULL plate of desserts. All the stuff they had though was just so....safe and boring and repetitive. Chocolate covered strawberry or apple. Ice cream. A few cakes. How boring. How lame.In all my years coming to Vegas I ate the least here. I couldn't find anything and the dessert area made me sad.
2	I had to try it.  We were tired of the M (except I really like their cider, and when they serve it to me in a wine glass) so we wanted my brother to be the first in the family to try the Cosmo buffet (since my parents already hit up the M years before he could visit me again).We went on a Sunday night - line was nonexistent, price reasonable, ambiance great.  Our server Will was fantabulous - attentive, sense of humor, super fast on drink requests and refills.  He gave Eric R. three sprite refills at one time since he was unusually thirsty for soda, something he never drinks.  The iced tea was good - definitely brewed and not Lipton.  It was sort of oolong ish.  Will was the only reason I gave 2 stars instead of one.Yes, the plates are awkward.  You can fit like 3 or 4 items at a time, they are clunky and sliding everywhere.  Will told us he can only clear one person's mess at a time, which slows down his progress.  The worst for me was the lack of signage.  Personally, I don't like to put a bunch of food in my mouth that has no distinguishing characteristics.  What the heck were in half the dishes?!  I honestly have no idea.  I wasn't in the mood for an omelette, so everything was out of my control.The shrimp and crab fingers - served in pairs already in sauce...yuk.  Almost every dish I could find, labeled or not, had pork in it, except carving station stuff.  Pasta, shrimp dishes, creamed corn, you name it, it was pork-infested.  With limited options, I didn't enjoy much except the make-your-own noodle bowl station at the end of the buffet.The desserts were worse - nothing was labeled except the gelato.  I didn't know what the hot pink goo was or the purple fudge looking stuff was, so I didn't get any of that.  I asked Will why the food wasn't labeled.  He said lots of people ask him that, that the management is aware, but that the "signage is delayed on order."  I would hope the Cosmo has its own printer.  Oh well.  Not coming back here.
3	The location of the Wicked Spoon is a bit off and away from everything (depending on your whereabouts of the hotel). The meats selection was decadent although I only tried their New York strip steak. The rotisserie looked delicious but I didn't want to have to deal with the possibility of a dry chicken, cuz I absolutely hate that. Salads and pasta selection was great. One curious thing was how many lamb dishes they had. Overall, potions were greatly sized, even the meats were cut to a good portion. The desserts were to die for: crunch-chocolate covered strawberries in both white and milk chocolate, macaroons (not so good), egg custard with pineapple sauce, and their gelato was very flavorful and melted in your mouth the way it should ;)I would come here again, but then again I'm not big on buffets.
5	Why would anyone give this place less than 4 stars when you have all you can eat Lobster?I love the portion sizes too, very good concept and instead of just grabbing food, everything is sized perfectlyfor $27, it's a bargain
2	First off, let me say that I went here for lunch on a weekday. December 28th, 2010 to be exact. It cost $19. The decor of the buffet is amazing. You almost feel like you're in a fancy shmanzy restaurant. What I also thought was pretty cool is that they serve most of the food in these individual trays. So, you don't scoop it into your plate. Although this is cool, it definitely doesn't allow you to take a lot of food back to your table in one plate.So, why the 2 stars? Cuz the food was disappointing. It was mostly pastas. No roast beef or prime rib, or crab legs. You would think one of these would at least be on the menu if you're paying $19. I just remember eating a lot of dim sum, some cheesy potato dish, and some pasta dish that I can't remember.Maybe I'll try this place for dinner to see if it is better before writing this place off.
3	I actually had better expectations for this place since it is in an awesome new casino.1 star = for the individual servings; no need to scoop anything out2 stars = for the superb customer service of their waitress and waitresses that ensure you have everything you need.3 stars = for the little variety they had, the majority of everything I ate tasted good.It lacks the 4th and 5th star because there wasn't enough variety.  They have just about the right amount so I think the buffet is definitely worth trying.  They need to add a little flare to their menu though.  I'll come back in 6 months maybe; see if there is any changes.  Good thing is, there is not wait!  One thing they should add: a better seafood selection, like some crab legs, fresh raw oysters, and clams!
5	Dear Chef, please keep doing what you're doing now.  Don't succumb to the bad reviews...they are missing the point.This is, by far, the BEST Vegas buffet I have ever been to...THE BEST!For about $29 (tax included) you can eat at a pretty fancy restaurant -buffet style.  The food presentation was awesome.  The variety was unparalleled and unique.  This is some place I would love to take my parents to, and they don't like to eat at buffets very often because they feel gross in the end.  Seriously, where else can you get all-you-can-eat polenta, creamed corn, creamed spinach, potatoes with cheese and bacon, bone marrow, lamb, fresh berries, grapefruit & pomelo, those Chinese sticky rice tamale things, awesome deserts (my tiny key lime pie was lightly dusted with green limey powder, topped with some kind of red jelly and a gold flake) for under $30 in Vegas?  If you want volume and stereotypical food from everywhere around the world, this is not the place for you.  But if you want to feel human instead of like a pig at the end of your buffet experience, then this is the place to go.[VISIT - Jan 30 2011, dinner]
4	Loved this place! Definitely one of my Top 5 favorite buffets. It was a long walk to get to but I enjoyed the different types of artwork and took a lot of pictures so it wasn't boring. I personally loved the little pots and things that they served some of the food in. It was something different and I didn't mind making a few extra trips to load up my plate. My favorite selection was the mashed potatoes. The appearance wasn't anything special but I could taste the difference. Service was okay, not bad not great. The desserts weren't very appealing at first because I was really full but the chocolate covered strawberries were a plus. Kind of looked creepy because of the little crunchy dotty things that were on them and the apples but tasted great nonetheless.
3	I took my husband here as a part of his pre Birthday celebration.... I thought it would be cool. I felt bad because he couldn't really find anything to eat. He has really simple tastes and he said that this was too over the top for him. They had pizza which is one of his favorites but no pepperoni pizza just Chicken Parmesan. He tried to make a sandwich but they didn't have plain mustard just spicy. He tried the salads and he wasn't happy with that either. I was like "Go back up there and try to find something" While I'm stuffing my face with Kalbi. Yum...Kalbi good! They also had some pretty succulent lamb. I tasted the Crab in butter sauce but I didn't like it . They do make awesome Truffled Mashed Potatoes and the Brussell Sprouts with bacon were delicious. I don't know if it's the heavy sauces and creams that they use but you get full pretty quickly. I was disappointed about that and the fact that I could have taken my husband to the Palace Station Buffet and he would have been happier! The dessert was okay but some of it isn't edible it's just for looks. Like the Pink Cheeto looking things were just shaped sugar with no taste. I was only happy with the Chocolate Covered Strawberries. I know they want their food to look stylish but I think it should also taste good! I don't thinks it's impossible ...The Palms used to have these very cute mini pastries that looked cool and were very tasty! The food may make you feel bloated and tired. If you plan on eating here I would suggest just making this your meal of the day.
4	Ahh the Cosmopolitan you are over the top.. and so is your buffet.  The walk to the buffet is long and in a strange location.  It feels like walking 2 miles before you reach it.  However, this didn't stop me from going... TWICE.  On Thursday night for dinner we paid $27 it was good but some of the items were stale. The dim sum was atrocious and so was the crab.  Its nice to have the crab shelled for me but shieeeeeeet.  It was dry and rubbery. Sushi was alright too,  i liked how they had the sushi chef making the sushi right next to that station.  Thumbs up for having a mac and cheese station..  AMAZING!  I would say the best items were the pastas and salads.  The deserts were pretty, but tasted okay.  The second visit to the buffet was a lot better.  We paid $23 on Saturday for brunch.  Ahhh breakfast foods.. So delish. To die for hash browns, to die for chicken sausage, to die for Guinness pancakes.. yup i said that Guinness pancakes. YUMMMY! Everything on Saturday was fresh and tasty.  The selection was almost identical to dinner minus the breakfast items and lack of crab.Overall, I think this is one of the better buffets on the strip.  Although it sucks waiting in line. I would suggest going on a weekend.  More people= more food= food doesn't sit for long periods of time.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!The food here is incredible! First of all, the hotel is pretty awesome...but I had heard more about the Wicked Spoon than I did about the hotel! For $27/person...this is the best deal in town!The individual portions are pretty awesome! It feels cleaner and nicer...I hate getting food after someone that likes to stir the entire tray to find that single piece of whatever they're looking for! Ugh! This is not a problem here!They have bone marrow! Seriously...awesome!!! Delicious...They have such an incredible variety of food...it was really hard to decide what to eat! Everything is presented very well...and MOST of the food was to my liking. I will say that the pork belly in the bun was a bit disappointing...it seems the pork belly wasn't cooked long enough to get that tender texture that you'd find at the good Chinese restaurants. The king crab meat was delicious...but the way it was prepared lacked some flavor.The desserts seem never ending! A fudge station...Really great! O...M...G...unlimited chocolate covered strawberries!!! Gelato galore! So many treats to eat...ohhh it was incredible!This is an outstanding buffet. However, solely based on food, this is a 4-star buffet. But...we had an incredible server...Josie! In fact, she is the best server I have ever had at ANY buffet! She was on top of it...refills were aplenty and usually before we even asked her (except this one time where she forgot my friend's Coke...and we definitely reminded her throughout the night about that one missed Coke!). Josie was engaging...keeping a spirited and welcomed conversation with us! Josie's sense of humor is what makes the "Wicked" in the Wicked Spoon! Josie truly made our Wicked Spoon experience a 5-star extravaganza! You can be sure that when I go back to the Wicked Spoon, I will specifically ask to be seated in Josie's section!!!So in summary:Savory Foods - 4 starsDesserts - 5 starsDecor - 4 starsService - A Zillion stars!
2	Most of the food is decent. We went on a random Wednesday night for dinner and I found the carving station to be just ok. The shrimp and snow crab cocktails were good, but where it really falls flat as a buffet is on the king crab. It's served shelled on a warmer in 2 types of sauce and when we went was dry, chewy, and a big disappointment as king crab was my main reason for going.They're on a good track, less creativity and better taste and they'd have 4 stars from me. I wouldn't even complain about the selection.
5	This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  I went once for dinner, and twice for breakfast in early January 2011.  Dinner featured surprising items like pieces of dungeness and king crab already out of the shell and ready to eat.  Very good variety, and lots of Asian menu items.  The deserts including the gelato were exceptional. Service was very professional and courteous.  Drink refills can be a little slow because they bring you a whole new cup/glass instead of doing refills.  The same for requests for ketchup, hot sauce, etc.(they do not put the bottles on the table, choosing to pour small amounts in a small serving dish which takes longer for your server.  The buffet also features many items on small plates which makes for a cleaner, more sanitary buffet.I don't recall the exact prices, but they are cheaper thank Wynn, Aria, and Bellagio.  Less than $30 for dinner and less than $20 for breakfast brunch.
4	Ok first ofa ll i have to say that I've been and tried a whole lot of buffet in Vegas and by far this one is my favorite. Why you ask? Well I am not a big eater and actually hates the buffet concept of pilling up your food on the same plate. I also tend to lose interest when the buffet selection is way to much. It's like shopping shoes to me, yes it's nice to have a huge selection but if they are crappy why even bother right. Which brings me to my point why the concept of small individual plates is very appealing to me on a buffet such at The Wicked Spoon. They have delicious and tender meat, the chinese section is surprisingly good and not greasy, the bread selection was also yummy and not hard. and lastly the dessert maybe small in scale compare to the Wynn but was scrumptious and different. Did I mention the servers here are so attentive. oh and my tea was gourmet not some lipton grocery brand. All in all I would definitely come back here next time we go to Vegas.PS. i also love the decor and the bottled water they serve.
4	This place's idea about individual portions is pretty awesome. There is definitely more attention paid to the actual food than you would have in other buffets. Service was nice, although it became a bit of a "Where's Waldo" when we wanted to ask for some Sprite later on in the meal. New York Steak was really good for a buffet and I really enjoyed the miso shrimp salad. I want to come back to try for dinner, as we came during brunch!
5	So I went back for another round...specifically asked for Josie to be our server (of course!).There was definitely some changes to the buffet...the selections were somewhat different (what a nice surprise!). They didn't have the Lamb Osso Bucco (which I was sorely disappointed), but they certainly had other things to compensate for this loss...like crab claws! YUM!Josie was again fantastic...and I brought my parents and grandmother along this time! She was super attentive and made sure we always had everything we needed. Josie even impressed my father, who can be hard to please. LOL.We also met Alex, the manager for the Wicked Spoon...great guy and very friendly. He certainly has a great buffet to be proud of...and a great team of servers!Dining at the Wicked Spoon is probably one of the most enjoyable buffet experiences we've ever had...the food, the service, the ambiance are all simply fantastic!For the remainder of our trip, we were pretty disappointed at everywhere else we ate...and we compared every meal to our experience at the Wicked Spoon. Sadly, no other place was comparable.I'm looking forward to coming back to Vegas soon...just to eat at the Wicked Spoon! :-)
4	Past the giant shoes and the ring of dogs deep within the depths of the 2nd level of Cosmo, you'll find the Wicked Spoon.  I don't know what Deutsche Bank was thinking when they designed this place as everything seems to be so hidden, but it's definitely worth the adventure to get here.  Got a pretty good deal here since we came a bit before 11 so only paid the breakfast price of $17.99 and was able to get all the lunch stuff.  But I would of paid the lunch price since that's when the dessert section opens.  Holy shit, that's a nice spread and worth it.I like this buffet because although it lacks in variety, the quality of the food is amazing.  Alot of the food is already prepared in servings so you're not guessing how much to take.  But like most buffets, it's always great when they are new.  Let's see if they can keep it up.
4	really enjoyed this buffet, had the tapas style concept. staff was super friendly. i think they change up the menu frequently cuz they didn't have a lot of the foods mentioned in yelp reviews but had other ones on the night i went. my fav was the bone marrow, first time trying it and loved it!  also all the desserts looked great but all tasted like crap except the chocolate covered strawberries...those were yummy!
2	Managers mean to there employees. The service was really lacking so much so I really wanted to say something. Food was good and there was plenty of it. We made it there at the end of breakfast so we stayed a bit and tried some of there lunch stuff. The food here is worth checking out. The low rating is for there lack of service.
5	My new favorite buffet place in Vegas! I love love love this place! esp after having dinner at The spice market at Planet Hollywood because then i could compare. Everyone goes to the buffet in vegas, but obviously not all of them are good. Since this is new, i wanted to try it so bad and it was definitely a great decision! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's new, it looks very nice and you can tell that they do try to make things very eye-catchy and food at high quality. i think the most important part of the buffet is the dessert section..to me at least! The dessert section here is amazing, well, compare to wynn and bellagio, they're similar, It's nothing more or special that makes them more superior but it's good enough that i ate till my stomach was about to explode! They have almost everything that u can imagine at a buffet here. The best part was of cox the dessert station with all kinds of chocolate barks, chocolate dipped strawberries, YUM!, chocolate dipped mini apples, cakes, tarts, etc. They also have a wide range of gelato flavors, from the simple chocolate to buttered rum. They serve it to you in a cup or a mini cone, your choice, they even have a chocolate waffle cone for you to choose from. Amazing! Another thing that's a must try is the mac and cheese station, i fell in love with it and got another round of it even though i was completely full. You basically go there and tell him wat you want in your mac and cheese, you choose ur own cheese (blue, ricotta, or cheddar), type of mac, toppings (lobster, crab, onions, sausage, etc), yum! Other things that i would eat there are the prime ribs, shrimp, salad, this seared salmon with some kind of sauce, forgot the name of it, but it was good! I just can't think of cons of this place so far. I would definitely go back there again. Oh maybe one of the cons is that the servers are not too bright, we were constantly getting some drinks that we didn't order that was probably from another table, and getting refills for a drink that's not even half empty yet, but not getting refills for a drink that was empty 30 mins ago. Also, the guy at the prime rib station..eh. i can only say he was..nervous? Anyways. the food and atmosphere are good enough reasons for me to come back.
4	Definitely a nice buffet to try a variety of items and get some nice presentation and eye candy from it that you miss out on when you go to a buffet as to a fine dining restaurant in Vegas.  There was definitely a wide selection and some interesting items.  I really loved the roasted turkey and london broil and the interesting variety in the salad bar.  The dessert section was definite pleasure and my friends couldn't stop raving on how good the candy crab apples were.There weren't that many workers there when we went, but the lady that helped us very helpful even if she was really busy.  It was a fun place to try!
5	I think this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas, each food item was special.
4	I visited the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times this past week.  I have to say, the food and atmosphere are great!  I wasn't quite sure how they would pull off single servings on a buffet, but it worked out beautifully!  This buffet is right up there with the Bellagio Buffet.  The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because we experienced sub-par service on a few visits.  Specifically, having to wait far too long for drinks.  If they would speed up the drink service, I would easily offer five stars.
2	With the ability to eat over 5000 calories a day and not gain a pound I am no stranger to a buffet.  I was slightly disappointed in the selection at The Wicked Spoon. Albeit a great price at 15 dollars it still missed the mark.  I must admit to being a bit picky. I try not to eat gluten or dairy but rarely have had any issue in vegas. Right now I'm staring at my coffee that is black because they had no dairy substitutes. Everything here was either full of gluten or dairy. Even the hash browns were smothered in cheese. 2 plates of egg whites and fruit does not make a satisfying meal to me. Healthy yes but the splurge on food that one expects to make at a buffet let alone Vegas this was not. I will say the fruit was real fresh and the food looked good even if I couldn't eat it.
4	Let me first state that, even though I'm a fat chick, I am not a fan of buffets.I find them common, over done and nothing really new.  So finding myself stuck at the Cosmo for the HP CES Press conference and my son starving we decided to go to the buffet for a late lunch.  I really wasn't expecting much because of the afore mentioned aversion to buffets and the lateness in the afternoon (almost 2pm) It's nice, even at age 55, to be surprised.  We walked right in, and got a great seat.  It was busy but not overly crowded.  Our waiter was right there to take our drink orders and to let us know what stations were available. Having survived the 2nd day of CES, I rewarded myself with a mid day cocktail, the Mombo Italiano-- a hand crafted Bloody mary with infused garlic vodka  I'd go back JUST for the drink at 12.00 each. Here is what sets this particular buffet apart: They have, for all of you watching your weight, portioned containers of very interesting food.  With little signs that say how many calories & how many carbs per portion.  Brilliant marketing since there are so many who fail to recognize they have fabulous curves.  I had the Mac & bleu cheese--yum and the wild rice with lamb and goat cheese.  The carving stations.  yes multiple.  I could dive head first into the Asian style bbq pork.  It was melt in your mouth.  The staff was friendly and made suggestions of what were their favorites.  I have to say, as I'm writing this realizing the best part of the 2x we've been there, was the staff.  I do like the food selections and the twist with the portioned servings... also made me exercise to walk back up and get another serving... knowing it was 220 calories each.  I did save room for dessert, a wide selection indeed.  Rice Crispy treats dipped in chocolate? yummo.  Living in Vegas, it is only for out of town guests and work that I go anywhere near the strip but last week, with no company and no clients, we opted to actually go to the Wicked Spoon for lunch.  If nothing else, for a Vegas local, that says a lot.
4	Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
4	I think I had pretty low expectations of this buffet after reading all the Yelp reviews. This might account for the 4 star rating, but I'm sticking with it. Haha.We came in on a Thursday about 8:45. Not the busiest time of the week, so service was pretty attentive as opposed to the complaints about plates stacking up at the table for long periods of time and drinks going unfilled. I didn't run into any of these problems. This is a new hotel, so obviously there is a grace period where staff has to work out a lot of their kinks, so this could count account for the slower service in the past. I do agree with many of Yelpers about the tapas style servings being a total waste. I'm sure they'll probably get rid of that concept eventually. It's just too difficult to try to balance lots of tiny little plates on one large plate and yes, many of the food items like pasta and potatoes became dry and lost their flavor and textural interest. I stuck with the kalbi, red wine mushrooms and crab cocktail. They have a lot of variety and I appreciated a lot of the interesting food options they attempted, even though they didn't always hit the mark perfectly at least they took the chance and I admire that.The desserts are yummy. I can never get enough chocolate covered strawberries, French macaroons or gelato. Stay away from the chocolate covered crabapples. They're pretty than they taste. I have faith this buffet will hit a groove at some point and I think it is definitely a good option for AYCE on the strip.
4	This place was really, really good. I was not a fan of the small plates. That's my only major complaint. Everything else was delicious. I've officially discovered French macarons and I'm a fan. Big time. Purple cookies. Who would've known. I love lamb and I like lots of it. I stuck with the osso bucco, leg of lamb and couldn't resist the short ribs as well. The service was pretty good too. Our server took the time out to get to know us and chit chat. We requested lots of drinks and she brought them two at a time. Loved that. If only they had all you can drink beer and wine.
4	We did this buffet for breakfast.  My only real complaint that it was hard to find the joint.  We walked for what seemed like forever, through halls filled with artsy gigantic high-healed shoes (that were kinda cute actually).  Finally, we reached our destination.Overall the experience was enjoyable.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was so friendly, and extremely attentive.  The drinks kept coming, and as soon as a plate was empty, she was there to take it away.  I liked the bottled water on the table for no additional charge.  That was a very nice touch.  I thought the coffee was pretty good, and the orange juice was fresh and sweet.As for the food available, I did like the individual portions available.  My personal favorite was the eggs benedict, and the bacon at this buffet was actually crisp!  I hate the undercooked soggy stuff that's all clumped together!  The sweet breakfast items were tasty too.  I tried some cherry danish and what I thought was a blueberry muffin top...YUM.
4	The food at this place is really good.  We stopped by here not long after it opened, so I'm sure quality control was extremely stringent.  The wait staff was attentive and very friendly.  The dining area is large, and the plates are all very gourmet (small plate style).  We came here for the brunch.  Bottomless mimosa is available for ten dollars more.  Every dish here was tasty (for buffet caliber foods), and not a single one disappointed me.  I still think the Wynn is my favorite, but this is a strong contender.
4	I agree with other reviewers, it's a hike to get here from the hotel entrance, and there's nothing in between, but once you get here it is pretty dang tasty. Obviously you are at a buffet, so the ambiance kind of sucks, but there is a huge selection, and the people watching is worth the admission price. We were sat directly across from the seafood area. Let's just say the human body can ingest a lot more crab claws than I though possible. It's not cheap ($27 a person for dinner) but it's high quality food in huge quantities.
5	So I'm not a huge buffet person bc although I eat a lot, I can't stuff my face too much at one sitting and don't like to mix lots of genres at once...that being SAID...I absolutely loved this place...went twice in one week, once for lunch just cause we were walking nearby and once for weekend brunch. Both days pretty similar. What I liked is I did not feel like I was in a cafeteria or old country bufffet. The decor was great and it was very contemporary, including the food. I liked how they had individual portions plated into little skillets or cast iron pots. The variety of beef short rib entrees was amazing considering that's one of my favorite dishes! Had sushi (blah) and lots of interesting delicious plates.  Dessert was great and they even had gelato/sorbet. Overall, very highly recommended!
4	Best. Buffet. Ever!!!!Trekked across the hotel to find the buffet- seriously, a tram would be nice.The buffet was pretty well priced for the hotel. The plating was awesome, felt like I was on Top Chef. Lots of small plates, which I think is great to eliminate waste. The New York Strip steak was awesome, tender and very flavourful.Best thing for me though, was the desserts and pretty much the gelato/ice cream. I inhaled my Tiramisu gelato and much as I wanted to finish my Cheesecake, I was way too stuffed.The service was good, the decor lovely and not Vegas garish. A truly wicked dining experience.
5	For $19 all you can eat lunch, they had sushi (well, only cali roll, tempura roll but...), dim sum (well, only three choices), NY steak strips, roasted pork strips, smoked salmon slices, salads, thin crust pizzas and a whole bunch of different pastas, pad thai, etc. It was a pretty good too! Not greasy and old. And their dessert selections were more than Wynn's buffet. I say it's the best buffet in vegas so far!
4	OMG I'm a fan! The dessert bar is AMAZING! =)Some people aren't too crazy about the separate/small plates, but I love it. I'm not one to mix my sauces when I eat food so it works for me. I think it's what makes the place stand out from other buffets.We went during lunch around 2PM on Sunday. There was a little bit of a line, but moved pretty fast since the staff ask how many are in your party before you even pay. I paid $50 including tax for 2 people. Not bad for vegas buffet of good quality. It would be 30 something per person if you wanted unlimited mimosas/blood marys with your meal.Service was attentive and quick. Water pitchers provided for each table. Glasses always kept half full. Tables always cleared when coming back with more food.Food had a good variety. There was a nice spread of salads/breads, breakfast, pasta/pizza, shrimp cocktails, prime rib/meat station, omelet station, asian section. They might have as many choices but most of what I ate was tasty. My favoriate was the eggs benedict!
2	I went here a few weeks after they opened, and walking through the Cosmopolitan, I was mesmerized by their decor.  As we walked up to the desk, they were having a lot of issues with the register and for some reason couldn't scan our credit card, obviously the girl was new, but we were all so hungry and a bit irritated.  Finally we were seated and we rushed to the food line.  I must say their presentation is like dining at a French restaurant, everything is portioned out and so well presented.  I first walked down their cheese and bread aisle, I took a little bit of everything and I was a bit disappointed.  I love bread and there's not a lot of bread i hate, but everything tasted hard and stale.  Not my cup of tea, so I went back and took a little bit of everything else.  I tried their mushroom in a red wine reduction, that I enjoyed, then I had some of their salmon, didn't like the taste of it, I got some Kalbi, the meat was super salty, the pho noodles were terrible, it tasted like chicken broth and noodles.  The lobster was also very tough and not tasty at all. The only hot food dish i enjoyed was their Shrimp, now that was really good.  It was a spicy salt and pepper seasoning and i went back for more of that, other than that I just went back once for everything else, and I normally do not do that.So after i finished i thought the dessert never lets me down, so I walk over there and they had little milk and white chocolate dipped gala apples on a stick, bars of chocolate, different parfaits and cakes and also gelato.  The apples were terrible, they were very soft and mushy, tasted like they were bruised, the bars of chocolate was good, the parfaits combined too many random flavors together, the only thing I enjoyed and glad they didn't go wrong was the pistachio gelato.  Other than the shrimp and gelato, I definitely wouldn't go back again, unless the day I went the chef was just having a bad day.  Their service here is good though and the waiter was always there to refill the drinks.
4	$34 for delicious "On the Strip" Buffet is a deal that can't be beat!! I've heard though that the buffet is better on weekends than weekdays, and my Saturday night buffet dinner did not disappoint. There's a "macaroni bar", a hand roll sushi chef, and a great dessert selection with fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, and ice creams! And all the usual seafoods, sushi, carved meats - the food was great, ambiance was fun too.I was in a large birthday party group (apparently you can make reservations for large parties?) and so we were placed in a separate room, which was really cool and made the meal feel less "buffety". One of the managers Adam, was really great in taking care of the birthday cake - the chef fixed the icing (the cake slid around inside the box while we walked from the parking lot to the buffet), cut the cake, and then boxed up the extra pieces. It was really  great personal service that we didn't really expect from a buffet - but I would definitely come back for the service and the food. I don't know if the pricing is low to compete with the bigger names of Wynn and Bellagio buffet, but right now the Cosmo Buffet is my favorite on the strip, and at a great price!!
2	Uninspired. That's the best way to describe the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I , giddy since we just dropped the kids off at school,had Valentines Day breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The dining room was pretty cool, done up in browns and was very modern in a West Elm kinda way. My hubby did make a snide remark about the female Wait Staff uniform. It was a strange brown ginghamy, wrinkled, shirt-dress type deal that was not at all flattering. The breakfast spread was cool, with small individual servings of items like 3 kinds of benedicts, smoothies, yogurt parfaits. The presentation was about the only great thing about this place. The benedicts, though made in small batches, had hard biscuits at the base, dry tough ham and sauces that quickly congealed making them very unappetizing. Hubby and I were unable to eat our respective benedicts. They had red velvet pancakes.... Babycakes don't even break a sweat... they were just dried up red colored pancakes with dried cream cheese drizzled on. The omelet station had some great fresh looking savory fillings but the avocado topping they placed on mine had a weird tangy taste that ruined it for me! Wait staff was nice enough but slow, took their time clearing plates and refilling water They serve you water in these glass bottles. I'm sure they refill them but at least you have access to water while they take their time working the room! The plu$$es: Great breads especially their tangy sourdough! Good granola Walnut French Toast Omelet Station - just no avocado pleeze! Individual cereal boxes... some good kinds not just Raisin Bran! $15 dollars for a weekday breakfast.. not so bad.  I can at least say I tried the place.
4	Came here on a friday night around 5 pm for an early dinner, and there were no lines. Our party was seated immediately which was great! One thing that caught my attention at the buffet is the presentation of the dishes. Most, if not all of the dishes were served in individual platters. I thought that was an ingenious idea to help minimize the wasting of food. Another thing I loved about this buffet is the dessert section!! Mini candy apples? Need i say more? Every dessert i tasted was incredibly good. Only thing though is thAt it seemed like they were short on staff because it took a while to get any of the waiter/waitresses attention as they were pretty busy. This is the only reason why i gave this place a four star, otherwise it would've been easily a five star. I highly recommend this place to anyone who pays vegas a visit!
5	My boyfriend and I aren't your traditional Vegas types--we don't go to Vegas to gamble, or to go to strip clubs--we go to eat. We've eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, and every buffet. Most of the time, we always go to The Wynn. However, upon a recommendation we decided to try the Wicked Spoon. This place rocks. Bottomless mimosa brunch, fantastic assortment of food options. Typically at Vegas buffets you find that a chef does one thing particularly well, but Wicked Spoon hits all the right marks. It's not Per Se, but it's everything you expect out of a great Las Vegas buffet and more.My favorite dish was the pasta (orecchiette?) with short rib, mushrooms, parm and brown sauce. I can't communicate how delicious this was--I went back for several second helpings--and I still dream about this dish. I have pregnant lady late night cravings for it. And I'm a man.
4	Fan-freaking-tastic!  Food is fresher than 95% of all buffets I've been to and the tapa style "take-away" portions are ingenious ideas to keep the food more sanitary.  I dare say gourmet-buffet.
5	My boyfriend and I visit Vegas fairly often and usually we skip the buffets.  This time, we were in the mood to try one we've never eaten at for dinner. We went to Wicked Spoon for Friday dinner. It was only $26.99 (we loved it already!)When we got there, we were amazed at the individual portions.  Everything looked so good.  So, we decided to first check out everything before we started shoving food onto our plates.  We were literally running around oohing and aahing.  We were like 2 kids (grown adults) in a candy store.The Asian food was surprisingly good!  The fried rice is usually overlooked, but it's really good.  So are their rolls and dim sum.The ricotta spinach was also something that was really good.  It's creamy, but also light.The consistency of their mashed potatoes were the best!  The Korean need salad was tasty and super refreshing.  They even had crab claws that were already cracked.  The shrimp cocktail had the shrimp completely peeled and defined.  (Prefect for lazy people like me!)I don't eat lamb, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it with the chimichurri sauce.  The mac n cheese bar was amazing!  My boyfriend also loved the goat cheese mac n cheese.The dessert was impressive.  They even had desserts served in real painted eggshells.  Very creative.  The chocolate covered apples were my favorite!Oh!  And the service was impeccable!  Everyone was really nice and helpful.
1	0 stars. Over this past holiday weekend we stopped by The Cosmopolitan to check it out before heading to The Buffet at The Bellagio. We found out there was a buffet at this casino/resort and decided to try it out. I don't understand why people are stating it's difficult to find, when it's really not if you can read the signs that lead you to the 2nd floor. Anyways, we arrive at the entrance to the buffet and there is a lady standing there stating they were not letting any more people in. WTH?! When does a buffet reject people entry???? I was willing to wait the 1-2 hrs to try their buffet, but didn't even have the chance to stand in line. The line wasn't even ridiculously long. They lost business that day not only from me, but from the other people who were willing to wait in their line to see what their buffet had to offer.I will be back in April and at that time I will hopefully be able to write a real review on their dishes. If you're wondering where we ended up eating, it was back to The Buffet at The Bellagio... where we waited about an hr.
4	there's a saying in korea, "10 years can move mountains and rivers", but it seems like 1 year is enough to change vegas. since my last visit back in late 2009, many new hotels have been recently added to the city's directory, and one is always trying to outdo another. the hubby and i were informed of these hip, ritzy and stylish new additions, and how they were now "must's" in vegas, cosmopolitan being one of them. in fact, on our way to vegas, my sis (on her way back from vegas!) told me about her new fascination with wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan. i normally despise buffet, but the moment my sister said "ice cream station", i knew i was sold. after a good night sleep, we woke up at 8am and mapped out our itinerary for the day that evolved around two feasts. we exercised vigorously (see the review of encore's fitness center below) and walked about a mile in cosmopolitan hotel before we reached the buffet. at 10:30am on saturday morning, there was no line and the dining hall was not too crowded. there were the standard breakfast items (hard as brick waffles, soggy pancakes, made to order omelets, fresh fruits, miniature boxed cereals, assortment of breads and edible yogurt) along with carving station (ny steak, some sausage, some pork part and other protein thing), cold seafood section (smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail), italian food (pizza, pasta and ravioli stuff) and asian food section (sushi, dumplings and korean kalbi). obviously, i didn't bother to inspect the meat station too much, but i sure frequented the seafood and asian food stations multiple times. the smoked salmon was surprisingly fresh and tasty. we also liked the shrimp dumplings although the skin was a bit dried. however, their kalbi was the worse i had in a while with overly sweet and burnt flavors. the show stopper of wicked spoon buffet was the dessert station, specifically the ice cream bar with 14-16 different flavors. i tackled small scoops of pistachio, strawberry, amaretto, oreo cookie and tiramisu, and they all seemed decent, although a little too sweet for me. there were decadent dessert offerings such as mini madeline cookies and french macarons which sadly did not live up to my expectations. the usuals such as chocolate covered strawberries and apples were good, but again, not great. many of the food were served in individual sized pots, cups and dishes (probably will reduce waste and keep the food fresh) so lines moved really fast and the stations were kept clean. the overall look of the dining space is modern and comfortable with some big tables to accommodate large parties. the waitresses wear some gloomy, tacky brown plaid shirt dresses which literally made me feel depressed to look at them, but they were some of the hardest working bunch. the hubby felt bad how other tables left no tip, so we went the other route and left them a generous amount. by now, you should know what to expect from a buffet...mediocre food, high price tag and looking like 5 month pregnant! as long as you don't compare the food to your "favorite" sushi, steak, pizza joint or authentic home cooked meal, wicked spoon buffet might satisfy your edacious nature. actually, $25 brunch buffet in vegas is not a bad deal at all.
5	I love this buffet! The dessert station is simply amazing. If you have a sweet tooth, this is your paradise. They have a huge selection of gelatos, ice cream, pastries, chocolate, etc. The food is really good too. Brunch is until 3pm and they leave all of their breakfast items out for you to eat - scrambled eggs, egg whites, sausage, pancakes, bacon, etc. The price isn't bad either. The wait time is a bit long on the weekend and it's worth it!
4	My husband and I wanted to go to the seafood buffet at Rio but decided not to because people were giving so so reviews on Yelp.  We decided to try the Wicked Spoon at the new hotel Cosmopolitian.  First off let me say that this is my favorite hotel in Vegas...So pretty!!!The buffet is different from other buffets.  You know how you go to a buffet and see what you like and then you scoop how much you want on your plate...by the time you get to your table you have a plate full of the whole buffet all smooched together.  This place is different.  They give you individual portions for most of their dishes.  And they give it to you in these cute little pots.  Sometimes they give to you in these cute little plates.  Its very elegent.  This also prevents you from over stuffing yourself quickly...here you do that slowly...hhahahaThe food is very good.  They had this steak on top of some pesto and some seasoned cucumbers.  Oh that was awesome and very tasty.  Their korean BBQ short ribs were so freakin good.  They just come off the grill and its so tender and juicy.  The only thing that was a disappointment was that they didn't have the crab legs...I was kind of looking forward to those.  But they do have crab claws with cocktail sauce.  But I felt like I had to grab 10 plates of those little things.  Their dessert is also good.  They have the typical cakes and different flavors of gelato.They don't really have a big buffets like the other buffets in vegas.  They have a smaller variety...but when you get something it usually is pretty good.  Less variety with great quality.It's an interesting experience.  If you come to Vegas...make sure you try out this buffet.
3	I can't lie, I had overhyped this place in my mind after checking the reviews here at yelp.  The bone marrow roast and the lamb had me sold.  The Guinness pancakes were just the kicker.  It was ON!However, we went for Saturday brunch and neither the lamb nor the marrow were available at that hour and the guy behind the counter said that they don't do Guinness pancakes.  I was crushed.That said, the food there was just fine, it just wasn't what I had hoped.  The variety of foods was impressive but I have to say that the selection within each food genre seemed kinda slim.  My favorite dishes were the prime rib-y thing and the kielbasa.For dessert, as others have mentioned, look good, but there were no signs to suggest what each item is.  I was mighty full by the time I hit the dessert bar so, while I was quite impressed with the presentations, I statyed away fro most of ht pretty looking unknown treats.  I got a plate of berries and lemon gelato which was just light enough for my dessert.I have to also mention that I got the bottomless mimosas with the meal.  I had two mimosas and then moved to bloody Marys.  The bloody Marys were much better than the mimosas.The ambiance was much nicer than those of the Rio World Buffet or the M Resort's Studio B buffet, but I have to say that I preferred the food at both the Rio and the M over Cosmo's Wicked Spoon.One final note.  We had a large group, 16 people.  The manager was kind enough to allow two of us to line up while the rest of our group gathered (most of us had a late night).  After the pair reached the front of the line they gave us 15 minutes to gather our group and then they let us all right in, reserving a pair of cashiers to let us all pay individually.  After seating us, the initial response from our waitress seemed kind of annoyed and b*tchy, but after we figured everything out (drink orders and what not) the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  I can't say I blame them for being initially annoyed at the confusion.It was a good experience, and the food was good.  But I would be sure to check the food list before coming in, and honestly, I think I'm more inclined to check out some of the other buffets or returning to Studio B before coming back to Wicked Spoon.
5	This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.  What I like about this place is that it's not overpriced like Wynn or Bellagio.  At $27 for dinner on a Sunday is a great Vegas steal for the quality and selections the Wicked Spoon had.I like how they portion out certain items into a small miniature pot that fits on your plate.  This way, you don't over-scoop something onto your plate that you might not like.  Also, this way you can save you stomach to sample all the items without going full so quick.The service is really good here and servers make sure your table doesn't fill up with dirty plates. Even though this place made a great impression...I can give Wicked Spoon 5 stars for their Chocolate Cookies alone.  OMG, they were sooo good!
5	Good place to eat and the food is very good. Not your traditional buffet and it may seem to be a bit of a turn off to some. They don't have the traditional mac n' cheese, spaghetti, etc. but the quality of ingredients and taste are all there. must check out.
3	Ive been hearing a lot of hype about this place so of course I had to try it when I went to Vegas last week. I went for brunch and it was $23 bucks which is relatively cheap compared to other buffets. There was a group of 8 of us and we waited for about 30 minutes in line to get seated. I really like the concept of this place...how they prepare some of the dishes in little pots and pans. The food was pretty good for what it is but not spectacular and i wasn't blown away. It definitely was not the best buffet that Ive ever had in Vegas. The quality of the food was somewhat mediocre. I really liked the dessert station though...they had really pretty and cute desserts, but again nothing spectacular. Maybe this place is better for dinner...i don't know but I don't think I'd go here again.
4	Eat here, if not for the cutely portioned food then for the sexiness the hotel exudes. As one of the newest hotels on the strip, The Cosmopolitan just screams "COOL" with the buffet trailing not far behind. I guarantee you'll leave the place feeling DOUBLE-O-SEVEN suave, despite just having gorged on a feast of prime rib and chocolate covered strawberries.While I will always remain loyal to "The Buffet" at the Bellagio (a go-to on every one of my Vegas trips) this is a refreshing and damn awesome (and did I mention sexy?) alternative.
4	Swanky, bougie, beautiful, & yummy pretty much describes the Cosmopolitan when I first stepped foot in this hotel and coincidently, these are the words that describe the Wicked Spoon buffet as well!At $19 for a lunch buffet, you're paying for eye-candy, creative displays of food, and a taste of around-the-world! Korean, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American cuisines & moooore! I especially loved that foods like mac n' cheese & chicken pot pie came in a mini-metal pot that kept them warm and fun to look at and eat. Heck, even water at each table came in a tall glass bottle. Sweet potato fries came in a mini-fryer and the desserts? OH MYYYY! My absolute favorite part of my lunch! Gelato, milk & white chocolate covered strawberries & mini apples, macaroons, cute little cups filled with cakes, alll YUMMMY...and aphrodisiacs ;]. My lunch definitely entertained my eyes and tummy.Sadly, aside from all of the glitz and beauty of it all, what knocks off a star would be the lack of SEAFOOD during lunch. Where's my fish? Salmon? Oysters? Crab legs?? These were probably all available during dinner, but I wish I had em' for lunch!! Nonetheless, even though it wasn't tooo big of a buffet, I'd experience Wicked Spoon again at the price of $19! You'll most definitely be eating with your eyes here.
3	I'm not a big fan of buffets because I eat like a mouse. So it's just a waste. But my friend and I had to try this place because of all the glowing reviews!Sunday buffet was about $23. There was no line so we were seated immediately.It took about 15 minutes after we sat down from our 1st place that someone asked for our drink order including water. But service got better after we got our drinks. I think more staff was starting to work. The food was okay. There was a lot of variety from traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, and pancakes to more ethnic varieties of tacos, sushi, dimsum, and pasta. But nothing stood out except the ham and the pastries. The ham was moist and cooked perfectly. The pastries were flaky and tasty. Also disorganized. Staff couldn't tell if people were still eating or if they left. They cleared out our neighbor's table and gave it to another party only to find out the original party was still eating and now had no place to sit! The original party was polite about the situation and agreed to sit somewhere else.
3	Aesthetically, this place is amazing. The decor, the presentation of their food, and even the hotel in itself is beautiful. I might've over hyped this place as I usually do since I was tired, grumpy, and most likely hungover but I thought the food was decent especially for its price (23$) I love breakfast, so I was overwhelmed when I saw that they had such a nice variety of brunch spread. This place had a lot of potential to be perfect but the food was a bit cold, some stale and what really killed the whole experience for me was how awful their macarons were. I love macarons.
5	Custom Mac and cheese was great, pad thai, pizza, and every dessert we tried were all delicious.  We will return.
4	There was no line! Dined here about 7:15p on a Thursday. $27 for dinner, so about $29 with tax. Very friendly service. Got seated right by the entrance so everyone coming in can see us, but whatever. We were waiting for a friend anyways so this made it easy for him to find us.Nicely decorated and not too large of a dining area. So it's easy to get around. Start at the left with appetizers and salads, and work your way to the right, ending you with a vast array of fudge and other decadent sweets.It is very nice that most of the items are individually portioned. But even with the small portions, I didn't actually finish any of the dishes because I wanted to make sure I could try everything. And the crab claws already opened and in little saucers with cocktail sauce, nice touch! The salads were fantastic. The breads, not that great. The kobe beef shoulder, yum! Also the truffle scalloped potato, delicious! There was a select few items I did not care for, but I don't even remember it. I read notes that someone mentioned the braised short ribs and they were as expected, tender and flavorful!I didn't try much from the pizza/pasta or asian section. I had to save room for desserts!I loved their selection for ice cream. I tried the coconut lime and the pb&j. Both were yummy with a little tiny cone I used as a scooper :)Also note the amazing quantity of large chocolate covered strawberries, some plain, some white chocolate, some with nuts, some with oreos, etc. Also mini chocolate dipped apples! YUMMY!And then there were crepes, which I didn't get a chance to try. Cookies there were really good. Strongly alcoholic tiramisu cups. Other sweets that were too sweet. Overall, though great place with a nice selection. A close second to Wynn Buffet IMO, but for the price, I might come here more often.Our server, I can't remember her name, but she was very sweet and everyone worked together to make sure we had enough room on our table for new plates as we eat very quickly and create a ton a dishes. Good job.One thing, The buffet is such a long walk from the rest of the restaurants. If you go up the escalator/elevator by the chandelier, you gotta walk through a long hallway passing by 2 large high heel shoes and another quiet hall to finally reach the buffet at the end. But note: if you are only coming for the buffet, park at the west elevator and take that escalator up that is right by there instead of walking all the way through the casino and back around upstairs. ;)
3	For the price, the buffet is alright. The assortment was mediocre, and so was the food. The buffet is smaller than other buffets in Vegas, and there is no overlapping of lunch/dinner. They're closed from 3-5 pm basically, and if you are there for lunch, you are also there for breakfast. I went around 2 pm on a Saturday and 1/4 of the food was breakfast foods. The nicest thing about this buffet is:-price-service-presentationDon't come for lunch, come for dinner. I hear the dinner here is good.
4	Vegas has a new best buffet so $5.99 off strip buffets and $39.99 on strip buffets move out of the way and let Wicked Spoon claim its spot as cream of the crop.What makes this place a winner?  First off, $27 for dinner is about $10 less than other hotels such as Bellagio and Wynn.  Yes this buffet may not have sashimi or lot of seafood such as crab leg, this hotel has variety, innovation, and something different.  They have the traditional salad and meat stations but they have other new offerings that other buffets don't have such as...bone marrow, pork belly bun, pork belly fried rice, dashi broth, truffle potato gratin, smelt fries, tiny ice cream cones, and much more.  The presentations of each dish were very well done.  Some dishes had their own little pot or own little plate however this did become an issue when it was time to put food on your plate (spacing).  The desserts were a bit weak even though the colors made it very tempting.  For example, macaron's quality/texture was what made it bad.  The shell was too crunchy where if you put some force on it, it would just crumble.  The service and decor were both great.  The restaurant is not like other buffets, it is away from the dining area and casino in the conference area.  I went to the Wynn buffet two days later for lunch and I wish I was eating back here.
4	Don't go here if you're looking for seafood.  Although they do not have seafood for their brunch menu, this buffet is on my top list of buffets in Vegas- the best part= NO LINE!!.  It is on the less expensive side because it does not have seafood, but it does have a great variety of other things.  Food tasted fresh and their breakfast selection was decent- they even had red velvet pancakes!  $35 for brunch including bottomless mimosas, $23.00 w/out the mimosas.
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS. THE  food was individually portioned to keep it hot in little metal like pans. the Gelato bar is nice as well. I went for brunch so I cant say how dinner it but I think it would prob be spectacular. The service here was good too.$27/person for brunch.
5	A buffet is really about the quality of the food, so even though the decor, service, etc. Was all great, the food was the standout. Everything my husband and I ate we mmmed and our eyes rolled back in our heads !Gourmet cooking from the unique salads-Korean beef, miso shrimp, roasted asparagus,etc.the juicy, tasty meats, the individual serving size pots and pans that served up red wine burgundy stew, Mac and cheese, chicken asparagus risotto,pastas,etc.  The thin crust pizza,garlic bread,etc, light and moist. tastiest kalbi ribs I've eatenthisnside of Hawaii,The pad Thai and dim sum pretty good .the desserts are the only thing that's not as good as the Bellagios, but the gelato bar and cookies make up for it and though the miniature gelatinous desserts were beautiful, there was no defined flavor, just sweet.This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas now and it's Kessler expensive to boot!
4	Love this buffet!  One of the few in Vegas that actually seasons their food.  I still like the buffet at Planet Hollywood a little better, but this one is a very close second.  The presentation is amazing, the food is tasty, and the ambience is classy.  What's not to love?
1	Big disappointment.  I'm pretty easy to please too, and I had only gone in for breakfast.  I wasn't looking for prime rib or crab legs or anything exotic.  I just wanted some scrambled eggs, maybe a bagel, some fruit.  You know, basic stuff.  What I had was cold scrambled eggs (completely inedible), chicken sausage that was horrible (something I never thought I could say about chicken sausage which is one of my favorite foods), some pineapple (the highlight) and a dish of macaroni and cheese that was crusted over and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.It was a colossal fail all around.  I don't get it.  So many people have gone to this buffet and given it two enthusiastic thumbs up, so I don't know what happened when I was there.  But it was far and beyond one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.
1	I hate this place service was ok food was garbage food was not hot enough all the salads where made like hours before so it's all soggy pizza all dry sushi so much rice
4	OMGelato. We came here for brunch, but missed the breakfast service by mere minutes and ended up paying $10 more for lunch instead.  So that was kind of annoying, but whatever. We were there and it smelled great.I'm watching my figure, so I didn't go nuts, mostly veg, salad and sushi -- we had friends in from out of town, though, that made up for it for me. And I tried bites of some of their goodies.The selection was fantastic. I loved that there were a lot of healthy options like roasted turkey and fish, tons of fruit and soups, as well as decadent goodness like mini potpies, mac n' cheese and rich sauces.My faves:- Shrimp cocktail (the shrimp was plump, big and poop-free)- CHEESE (they had some delicious fancy, stinky cheese options)- The white cheddar mac n' cheese- House Sushi Roll- Biscotti gelato (seriously. amazing.)- Chocolate lava cake in caramel sauce- Dutch apple tartletGood, but could have been better:- Chicken pot pie (a little salty, but still yum)- Pecan tartletIt would have been nice to add our cocktails up front -- it was awkward after the fact to add on.  Other buffets, like the Wynn, ask up front while you're paying if you want to add on bloody marys or mimosas. But wasn't a big deal.The food was really fresh, delicious, not super crowded (we went on a Tuesday around 11).  The desserts were incredible and they had a good selection of sugar-free options, too.I can't wait to go back for breakfast!
5	I absolutely loved this buffet.  My friends and I chose the option that gave us unlimited mimosas in addition to the buffet, and we could not have been happier.  The food was incredibly fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  Some of my favorites were the macaroni and cheese, truffles gratin, shrimp miso salad, lamb/ricotta gnocchi, and the french toast.  All phenomenal.  In terms of dessert, it was lovely.  Almost too pretty to eat!  My favorite was the coconut panna cotta in an egg shell.  A wonderful way to end the meal.  I will definitely return here.  Plus, you get the opportunity to walk through the uber-chic Cosmopolitan hotel on your way up to the buffet!
3	Basically, the biggest difference between this buffet and every other one is the portions.  Most of the items are already in it's own tiny little plate, bowl.  This helps with portion control... at the Wicked Spoon, you get a small bowl of Caesar salad, a small bowl of spinach with goat cheese, cheese & tomatoes, a tiny plate of pasta. The only down side to this is that its hard to grab a lot at once. Because the pre-portioned plates you can hold more than one in each hand and you can only fit about three plates on one big plate. They have all of the "normal" food stations:  Salads, Asian Food, Americana, Italian, Carving Station, & Dessert.  However, these are not your "normal" foods at the stations.  Each of the items are excellent gourmet prepared food.  Lamb ribs, gourmet flat bread pizzas, macaroni & cheese with 3 types gourmet cheeses. It's not the cheapest place to eat, but for what you get there, it's worth the $27 per person.
4	YUM! We came here for dinner around 6 on a Saturday night, and we didn't wait in line at all. The presentation was fabulous!  In many of the food options, servings were pre-portioned into little dishes and mini pans.  Being a female who once played house with play dishes, I loved this!  It left room for little mess, but balanced with several trips as these pans take up a lot of space! You're probably waiting for me to get to the food specifics, but i just don't remember everything.  I do remember that there were about 3 variations of braised beef, the typical salad bar, and an amazing dessert section.  All of which I enjoyed.  Also, I must say, that for someone trying to watch their figure, this buffet is pretty forgiving.  What I mean is, this is not the typical steak and potatoes kind of place.  I was able to eat 90% of my meal without heavy carbs like rice and potatoes. On that same note, I did notice that the dessert section had sugar free options available.  I would certainly recommend you try this place out for a new buffet experience.
3	I didn't get the hype.  Maybe we were there on an off weekend but there wasn't some hour long wait at 11am nor was the food mind-blowing impressive for a buffet.  I kept hearing amazing things about how Wicked Spoon is up there with Bellagio.  I do admit, the Bloody Mary bar was quite impressive with all the various types of picked veggies.  They also have red velvet pancakes!  However, the food itself failed to be up to par with the better gourmet buffets of Vegas.  I wish we went to the Wynn or Bellagio instead.  Orange juice tasted concentrated mehhh.  The best thing I ate though - the prime rib.  A perfect medium rare and very flavorful.  All the little clad iron pots they serve everything in are adorable and a cute concept but cute doesn't mean tasty.  I did want to grab every pot I saw but when I tasted the food, it just wasn't that impressive.  I think I'll just stick w/ the Wynn or Bellagio next time.
4	Great desserts! Water was very tasty. The sushi was probably the worst I've ever had. Rest of the food was really good, especially the salads!! Great assortment! Our server Will was awesome.
3	for $26 for lunch/brunch this is really worth it.I'd have to say though, i'd come here more for the experience then the food.  Their presentation of the food is a lot better than it tastes.But, compared to all the vegas buffets, this is good enough for me to come back for $26.stuff i liked, omlette station, lets you make your own ( & you can choose to have egg whites only for a healthier choice).  Mac n' cheese is good & cheesy, and oh try the pork belly white bun sandwich, probably the best & very asian authentic tasting, miso shirmp salad is light & delicious too!the DESSERTS are the best part of this buffet, all miniature sized and tasty.  get the silver egg panna cotta, chocolate dipped apples & strawberries & the Gelato is the best ! super smooth & creamy.
4	Came to Cosmopolitan to try this buffet out after hearing it was pretty good from another friend. Stopped here for a Saturday lunch around 12:30pm and there was no line! We had a large party of 18 so we had to wait for everyone to get charged and we were seated within 10 minutes.The restaurant was clean and was beautifully decorated, especially for a buffet, but I guess we were at Cosmopolitan where the decor itself in the hotel and casino areas were extravagant.  I thought they had more of a selection but they didn't seem to have as many different items as the Carnival Buffet. However the quality and look of the food at the Wicked Spoon does belong on another level. They serve their water in these fancy glass bottles firstly. They have a nice bread bar/salad bar where the salads are already made and dressed and ready to get picked up in small cute modern looking dishware. The Wicked Spoon is all about presentation and art. It is a unique buffet but it looks better than it tastes. They had a nice omelette making station here it allows you to customize your own, and even offer the option of egg whites and smoked salmon which most other places don't have. The Miso Shrimp salad is tasty and refreshing, and I loved the Mac & Cheese! Its served in a cute silver measuring cup and the top is baked so its crispy and cheesy..yum!The highlight was definitely the Dessert Bar. Everything just looked so beautiful and colorful, I was really excited to try a lot of it. Macarons let me down, they were dry and tasted weird. The Panna Cotta was probably the only thing I really enjoyed and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries! OH, and they have an awesome Gelato selection! I believe about 14 different flavors to try :) For $26 its comparable to most other buffets but looks a lot better so I'd probably still come back! Dinner is only $1 more, at $27.
5	Based on all the positive yelp reviews my family and I came here a few days ago, and I have to say, it was the best buffet I've ever been to, and, uh, I've been to a lot. The major standout was the desserts, which usually is the weakest part of a buffet, the tarts, the fresh berries, especially the raspberries, were just fabulous! Dinner wise, the marrow bones were awesome, the crab legs were fresh and sweet, the lamb was great (except where was the mint jelly?). The selection of cheese was excellent, there was a goat cheese rolled in ash was out of this world, as was the smoked gouda. The little portioned dishes were fun, and a great way for us to share them all without having to each get our own portions, which gave us room to try so many different items! Not only that, but the service was excellent, and the price $29 for dinner, was a great deal for Vegas.
5	I love this place! AYCE brunch for just $23 at the Cosmopolitan! Nice. It's cheap. It's good. It's artistic.Dishes are small and dainty, beautifully arranged tapa style dishes. I think you either like it or you don't. And I really liked it...it was different and fun! Little saucepans and individual dishes, it was just too cute to pass up. See for yourself:Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=XpWiM7EYchGqenNiq1c2vQPlate 2: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=aX2HFOd1sQa3v4UAUftTYQPlate 3: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=uTxWe05t_qtnpIxVwPmErQIn the meat section they had your usual, chicken, beef and slab of bacon!! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=7GAJvXufLfnCjIXK-avn7wI loved everything! Except the eggs benedict, which looked good but didn't taste good. But please please please save room for dessert! I think the dessert section was by far my favorite part! Everything was yummy. The ice cream choices were awesome, I tried the mango and the salted peanut! Both were delish...if my tummy could have handled more, I would have tried more flavors. But I had to save room for the chocolate covered strawberries and the small chocolate covered crab apples!! They were so cute. Definitely give Wicked Spoon a try if your in Vegas!
5	Considering I ate at 3 buffets, in a week..and this being my third...shoooot, I WISH I ATE HERE ALL THREE TIMES!!!!!!It's kind of hard to find in the hotel because it's along the conference rooms but, guess it's worth the chase!I was in awe of HOW SMART the Cosmo was to portion out their buffet foods. For example, salads/some entrees/etc were already portioned out into it's own plate so, all you needed to do was grab a plate. This is great because it gives you a chance to sample everything without wasting much food that you may not like.They had lamb..LAMB..love my lamb and most buffets I've been to never have lamb. To top it off was it was in a delicious sauce and plated so beautifully. Let's face it; it's always more fun to eat beautifully presented foods =)Lastly but, NOT LEAST: the dessert bar. lakjfdldjflajdfldkjgldkjfladjfldajfldkjfladjfladkfjldkfjdlkjfdl;jThat means I loved it. AGAIN, they had beautiful desserts. I didn't even want them but, they had to be on my plate cuz they were so pretty!!!AND don't get me started on their CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES! Oh emm geee, I swear, they were the size of my fist! I have nooooo clue where the Cosmo buffet is getting their strawberries but, keep it comin''''''My idea of the best buffet in Vegas!Now if only they had a locals discount =(
3	This a a pretty good buffet and very unique with the whole small plate servings. I would have given more stars but the desserts really do need to be changed. They look amazing but do not taste amazing.
4	We loved the Wicked Spoon Buffet!  The price was great considering the hotel that it was located in, and the quality of the food ($17 per person for breakfast).  They had big bowls of fruit & berries (a MUST for me!), made to order omelet's, lots of different breakfast meat options (bacon, ham, a variety of different sausages), pastries, cereals, yogurts, etc.  I was so excited to see the eggs benedict, although my only complaint was that I couldn't find the hollandaise sauce.  I don't know if it was on the egg already, and I couldn't taste it, or if they had it sitting somewhere for self-service, and I didn't see it.  Eggs benedict need hollandaise sauce!! :)Other than that, we will most certainly be back!!
4	This buffet is totally cute! (of course if you're a girl). We came here on a Friday night around close to 7. I was worried there would be a long line for buffet, but to my surprise, there was no line. I loved how alot of the items are put in miniature pots/pans, cast iron dishes, fry baskets because then you won't take more than you can eat. Everything was very tasty except the blackend catfish. That was so spicy it was not edible and even our waiter have heard similar complaints. Some of the standout items were:Korean bbq kalbi beefwine mushrooms with polentabeef and broccolibrussel sprouts with bacon/pancettasalumi meatsAND desserts!!The dessert station is just incredible. So many choices. The key lime tart was a complete surprise because I initially thought it was some green tea dessert. I love how every was little, even the little chocolate cones. The gelato was pretty good too. Service was great and the layout and atmosphere was just right for us. I've been to some buffets with much more offerings, but honestly, it's near impossible to eat every item anyways. So this was perfect for us. We'll definitely bring some friends to try next time.
4	I was skeptical at first, since a $27/person good dinner buffet in vegas is hard to come by these days. We waited close to an hour in line on a Saturday night. But it was all worth it once I scope out the varieties of foods they offered. There were the Asian Food Section(ex: dim sum, miso soup, pho, BBQ kalbi beef etc.) Italian Secion (ex: 6 different pizza varieties, made to order pasta, gnocchi, etc.) Calvary Section (ex: roasted prime rib, pork tenderloin, lamb shank, turkey etc.) American Section (ex: truffle mac n' cheese, potato au gratin, baked salmon with creole sauce, jumbalaya etc.) Cold Food Section (crab crawls, caesar salad, salami, olives, shrimps, varieties of breads, cheeses, fruits etc.) And most importantly the Dessert Section (ex: 8 flavors of gelato, chocolate dipped strawberries, mixed berries, pecan bars, macaron, brownies etc.)Many of the dishes were divided into individual sizes and elegantly presented. Hopefully the prices and quality of foods will keep consistent in the next few years! I'll definitely be coming back!
5	Hands down, my personal favorite Vegas buffet - even trumps Wynn's and Bellagio's! Why is it so great - FANTASTIC food, amazing selection, chic decor, and of course, bottomless mimosa! The food here tastes and looks delicate - great presentation and things taste fresh and light. Great variety as you get all kinds of cuisine, American, Italian, Asian, Mexican etc etc. I really have to rave about their dessert, make sure you save room for these because they are what makes this buffet a step above the other Vegas buffets in my opinion. First of all, it's huge, even bigger than Wynn's dessert bar. Second, everything is SO CUTE! Hence making everything look even more appetizing. The dessert come in small portions and the plus side of that is you get to try a variety of their delicious desserts instead of getting full from one big slice of chocolate fudge pie. Nothing is too sweet so you get to enjoy other flavors and textures of their dessert such as the sourness in the mango gelato, fluffiness of coconut puree, and the richness of the chocolate of the chocolate-covered gigantic strawberry. If you are in Vegas, you must try this place, it's a two thumbs up!!
4	This review is based on 2 breakfast visits.I am not one to get excited about a buffet, but this was probably my best Vegas buffet experience.The dining room was clean and well decorated in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel.The staff was attentive and did a great job keeping our drinks full and the table clear.Plenty of food selections that cross the breakfast, lunch, and dinner spectrum.  I thought some of the food was really good, like the prime rib for example.  But as has been with most of my buffet experiences, there was a wide range of quality depending on the dish...and perhaps how long it has been sitting out.
5	This has been, by far, the BEST buffet I've had in Vegas. Seriously. No joke. Especially if you're eating with 7 other hungry women. 8 hungry slightly hung over women on a girls only weekend trip. This place was the S-H-I-T. We stayed for 3 hrs. Need I say more? We did the brunch. 30 bucks but wait..add 9 dollars and you get unlimited mimosas and bloody marys..hello??We were ALL in.  The spread of the food was very grand and very beautiful. Just the dessert bar was breath taking. Pork belly fried rice, pad thai, beef and broccoli (the broccollini not the regular broccoli)house special sushi rolls, and duck were just a FEW of the Asian cuisine. I go down a food bar and there's miniature pots with lids and inside them are things like eggs benedict with pork shoulder, pastas that I don't get to normally eat so I can't pronounce them let alone spell them but they had things like lamb and short ribs cooked with them...AHHHH!!! The macaroni and cheese..why was is so special? It was cooked with hamhocks...You want smoked salmon with cream cheese on a bagel? Well buddy, they had pastrami smoked salmon..get that...Red velvet pancakes, mini white and dark chocolate covered apples, ginormous chocolate covered strawberries, italian gelato that was to die for...... I could go on and on and on...just go try it for yourself..you won't be disappointed. You will be a little happy camper like I was..literally...we camped it there for 3 hours trying to savor EVERYTHING..gluttony at it's finest!  Plus the Cosmopolitan is a really beautiful and artsy hotel/casino to go tour...check out the main bar encased inside the biggest chandelier you will ever see!
5	OK, I'll preface by saying the Wynn is by far my favorite...BUT this is soooo close in second.What won me over were the crab claws. Two crab claws, cut open for easy eating. I love the crab legs, but hate the having the shells all over my table. The claws were the best idea ever.Anyway, I love the "tapas" style of serving they have here. Yes, it did get crowded on our table with that huge variety of empty dishes, but they cleaned it up reasonably fast.The options were very good. The pre-made pasta was not the best, but the made-to-order mac and cheese was awesome. Dessert was incredible. Everything was the perfect mini-size after eating about 10 lbs of food for dinner.Decor is great, price is fantastic. Only wish it was easier to find in the hotel!
4	Food was good and in small portions. The Desserts had a great selection. The wait staff that served us was really good. Pad thai option on the Buffet wasnt that good however the pasta choices were great.
3	Very aesthetically pleasing presentations of food.  Loved the cute lil pots and chicken wing mini fryer baskets.  Everything is portioned already into individual dishes and bowls.  It really helps to control how much you can actually fit on your plate in one round of food hoarding.  Dessert is hard to get wrong...anything covered in chocolate or topped with fruit looks expensive.  Water is served in fancy glass bottles.  And then...that's it.Food wasn't omgwowgimmemoremoremore.  For the price of $28.11 for one Sunday brunch, I'd say it was a decent eating.  I did like the braised short rib with wild mushrooms on cavatelli.  I could eat a handful of those pots and call it a day.  Fresh chocolate covered strawberries were ginormous.  There were gelato flavors a plenty, and all yummy too.The mac-n-cheese is overhyped.  Those pots were always the first to go!  I was watching the station like a hawk for fresh pots.  Too bad when I finally snagged one, I was left with disappointment.  It was lukewarm (like a lot of the other food served).  Cooled mac-n-cheese = one thick mess.  Maybe it never stood a chance to my highly set expectations.  Thanks a lot, Yelp.  Nevertheless, one forkful was plenty.The prime rib was so bloody.  I like my cuts medium well, maybe medium.  That slice was borderline raw.  Not my fancy & I'm not alone.  Two others at my table had the same problemo.Tacos al pastor were WAY too salty.  Even a fully squeezed slice of lime couldn't help it.Pretty extensive selection of brunch foods.  You can jump from red velvet pancakes to clams to pad thai to pizza and back to the omelette station.  There was no wait whatsoever to get a table.  Definitely a plus; however, service at the tables was so slow.  At one point, I had to clear my own area of old plates because I had no more room for new plates.  Not cool.  There's definitely pros & cons to this place.  Still waiting to try the rest of Sin City's buffet offerings...
5	THE PRICE IS RIGHT! Brunch for $23 (or $35 for bottomless mimosas or bloody mary cocktails). I LOVE! Besides the ambiance, I also loved the tapas style of dishes. A lot of the dishes came in mini pots so greedy people couldn't scoop hella and then end up not eating it. If you like something, get another. If you don't, then you don't waste as much food if your greedy hand scooped too much. I felt their desserts were aiight--plus for the gelato though. Food wise: my favorite was one particular pasta, although I did enjoy the gnocchi with lamb! both HELLA GOOOD. I'd go back not just because my favorite pasta is there, but because of the price!!!!!!A million thank you's to my hula sister who recommended it to me!
5	Best las vegas buffet period!
5	I'm a sucker for cute, small, easy things.  And the Wicked Spoon plays into my weakness for detail, great customer service and small portions.  There was practically no wait for the buffet when we showed up on Saturday at 11:30AM.    I'm a small person with a small appetite so the prepared portions actually work out for me. With the exception of the shrimp cocktail. I LOVE shrimp cocktail and it is prepared 2 shrimp to a small serving cup at the Wicked Spoon. I ate 8. Don't judge me.Other than shrimp, I was able to enjoy the mac n cheese, the creamy cheese polenta, the smoked salmon, the gelato (salted peanut flavor), various salads, homemade jam on sesame rolls, macarons, chocolate covered crab apples, chocolate covered strawberries, lime tarts, etc.  All were delicious and prepared in cutesy ways (servings of fried chicken are presented in mini friers, if you ask for coffee, your cream comes in a mini, metal milk carton).  For the price of weekend brunch ($28 w/o unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary), it's great quality compared to the other buffets on the Strip.  We were staying at the Mirage and they were charging the same price for buffet but I'm confident you're not going to find the same type of food and same quality of food elsewhere.We were able to chat up the breakfast sous chef who described how strictly the kitchen is run.  Our conversation made me feel confident that not only was the food we were were eating tasty, but it was fresh too!Officially my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
4	Definitely impressed with Wicked Spoon buffet.  Saturday night dinner will set you back $29 per person which is quite a deal in comparison to other high end hotel buffets.   We came Saturday night and there was a 10 min wait.  I agree with the other Yelpers - dessert bar amazing, great variety of cuisines represented,  and awesome presentations and nicely portioned out for single servings.  Definitely worth a try!
3	My curiosity was what is "tapas" style buffet and how it works. Finally I got lunch today at Wicked Spoon Buffet. Some of food served like other buffet such as prime ribs, rolls, and breads. Some of  food served with tiny cute pot(?). It seems like I can handle that much but when I sat down with all different kinds of  food  I knew I am wrong. I felt so bad bacause of  too much leftover.  Maybe I can share with friends or family for one tiny cute pot of food but not sure it will works or not. I like the idea serve different kind of cheese but  still I have to pick set up ceaser salad or miso salad so I can't  create my own salad with different cheese. Even though lots of leftover, I can't avoid tempting about pretty dessert.I like gelato and I really enjoyed fresh blackberries, rasberries, and blueberries. It was Yum. Once again I felt like this... Buffet is Buffet. Don't expect too much.
5	Wow simply amazing.  Decor is nice, and presentation was unique.  This place sets itself above all other buffets.  I mean who would of thought to serve food in little fryer baskets, pans, skillets, cauldrons, dishes, plates, little to go boxes.  Definitely different and unique in their own way.  Not only the presentation and decor is nice, but the food is really good too.  I enjoyed the eggs benedict, chicken and waffles, mac and cheese, their penne pasta with sausage, korean short rib, miso pork, shepards pie, pastrami, and lots of desert.  For the first time I literally felt like I was a kid in a candy store again.  So many selections to choose from, and the sad part was I couldn't eat it all.  The small little cute candy apples and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing. The price is decent too, ranging from 20-30.  Thumbs up on my buffet list.
3	I haven't been to a buffet in at least 10 years.  It isn't my favorite way to dine, but this is Vegas, so I thought I should give it another try and I had been hearing a lot of good about this one in particular.We went for brunch on Sunday, I think it was around $23 a person without alcohol.  I like the design of the buffet.  Everything was spaced enough that there was easy access to any section without a line, even though the place looked fairly full.  The service was pretty awful.  I was done with my first plate before our server even brought our coffee.  When we ordered, we told him we took cream and sugar, yet there were only three packets of sugar in the caddy he brought.  I asked for more before he even stepped away, yet he went on to do other things before getting us more sugar.  His station was only one table away from ours, so I was tempted to just get it myself.  There was a nice variety of food available, but I couldn't help but think buffets are really for people that just care about quantity.  There wasn't one dish that stood out as being very good.  I especially love breakfast pastries and that should be one thing that would be easy to do well on a buffet.  However, the croissants looked so awful I didn't even take one.  The pain aux raisins and muffins were mediocre while the desserts were downright awful.  I did enjoy some french toast and their house-smoked sausage was good.  But the short rib pasta was over salted and their sushi was a little soggy.Overall I could have taken that $23 over to Bouchon's for a fabulous, fresh breakfast and far better service.
4	Wow really great offerings and a reasonable price.  But really hard to find within the hotel.
5	Ate here for breakfast.... Amazing!!
5	Ate here for a friends birthday and it was great for big parties! They have a long table for large groups to sit at =)They loved it as much as I did. I've heard many good things about the buffets at M Resort and The Wynn; and my friends rated Wicked Spoon as good as those buffets. Even calling Wicked Spoon "fancier" than that of The Wynn. That alone is kinda cool to think that something is "fancier" than anything at The Wynn.I suggest going around 9pm because there was no line, even on a Friday night. They close around 10 but, they take away the food at 10:15 so, doesn't give you much time to grind on the goods.I MUST try their breakfast and lunch buffets.
5	Went to Vegas with a couple of friends and after one of my friends saw the YELP pics from Wicked Spoon, we all decided to come check it out. BTW, it wasn't very busy but perhaps its the fact that the COSMO is still a pretty new hotel and maybe no one knew about the buffet? Nice though since we didn't have to wait long on a Sunday evening.Now this isn't my favorite Vegas buffet but I just enjoyed it because it was different and unique. It was nice and clean and the food was presented in these cool, plates, small pans, and were portioned controlled. Everything tasted good, but the one thing that stood out was the crab in cajun butter. I am just salivating thinking about it right now as I type. Yes, seafood is a must have for any Asian person at a Vegas buffet. Check my pics, pretty awesome huh?Overall, I give a solid 5 stars. The atmosphere was great, and our server was amazing and friendly. We practically chatted it up with her, and she was nice enough to give us tips on where the hot spots were and what places to hit up (even on a Sunday). She was amaze! Food was delicious, clean, and presented well. You can't go wrong with checking out the Wicked Spoon. But if your lazy about going up a lot, you might not like it as the plates are small and everything on the buffet line is in a separate pan or mini plates, so be advised that your plate fills up quickly. But you should definitely check it out if you don't mind that. :-)
5	by far a new favorite buffet!the interior was swanky and glitzy - just like the entire hotel itself.We arrived at prime dinner time but didnt have to wait - probably because it was a Weds. night.  The price was 36 bucks with tip and tax included for our  8 person party.  From what I hear that's a good deal for dinner buffets in Vegas so I was pleased with that as well. We were seated at this nice long high top table that had interesting blue glass art hanging over our heads.  While some aren't a fan of the pre-portioned plates and pots they serve their food in, I kind of love the idea.  It kinda lets you think you're almost eating tapa style dishes rather than a buffet. Now dining was the fun part- I literally tasted everything from the different sections - my favorite was probably the pastas.  I barely had room for dessert but forced myself regardless. They have this cute little gelato bar so of course I got mango gelato.  Their desserts were overall very pretty but unique looking. The most normal thing they had was chocolate covered strawberries.This is kind of weird too but I just loved the water they served.  It was from these glass bottles that remind you of the old school milk bottles that were dropped at your door.  It just tasted so refreshing.  They served these water bottles all over the hotel.it's making me hungry just thinking about it. when i return to vegas - i'm def. staying at the cosmo again and eating at wicked spoon!
5	This place was great!!
4	This place is freaking awesome. I love it. Most food is pre-plated for easy access and it avoids wasting food. They have incredible cajun shrimp and cheese grits. I love the Cosmo. Like Eileen J. This is far away the best buffet. better than my previous favorite at the Bellagio.
4	great brunch...but wish there was more seafood and i wanted more meat! (like lamb or something lol)but the dessert bar was amazing!!!!!!!! i'm not a sweets fan...but omg...the dessert was SO delish! definitely recommend people to save some space for thatnext time i'll probably just want to do dinner for more of the meat/seafood items, but the brunch was good...there was a huge selection of breakfast items and lunch items (there was sushi!!!!!!)one thing is that i felt like i wasted a lot of food. i wanted to try a bit of everything, but some of the items are already portioned out and i couldn't finish it...and i hate wasting food! my favorite items: DESSERT! prime rib, sushi, omelettes, gnocchi, and the korean bbq :]
4	For $21/pp for lunch, here's some highlights- awesome pork tacos- pork belly sandwiches- sushi  - truffle potato au gratin- prime rib- kalbi - gelato - panna cottaAnd of course it's in the hottest hotel on the strip!
3	I've never been a huge buffet person but I'll admit, this was actually pretty decent!  My stay at the Cosmopolitan included a $50 breakfast credit to be used at my choice of The Henry, Coffee Beanery place, or Wicket Spoon.  I woke up hung over so I wandered down to the buffet.Now, I don't have a whole lot of buffet experience to compare it to.  I've only been to the Plaza's buffet for breakfast years and years ago before I moved here and knew better, Makino Sushi/Seafood at the Premium Outlets, and the MGM Grand Buffet for lunch (it was comp otherwise to this day I most likely would still have never been to it).  I left Wicket Spoon stuffed, because I felt the need to try a bit of everything.  The following is what I remember having:- Seared whitefish eggs benedict  *** This was AMAZING - MUST TRY!!!- Margharita flatbread- Red velvet pancake  *** Very disappointing.- Pecan sticky bun  ***  I don't usually eat crap like this, but this was bomb.- Home fries- Hash browns  *** Topped w/cheddar cheese and carmelized onions, which is a plus, but the taters themselves could've been crispier. - Some type of crepe- Some type of french toast on sterioids: it was super super thick, had cinnamon, pecans and a think syrup which reminded me almost of caramel sauce.  *** Pretty yummy, and unhealthy!Side note: they do not have peanut butter!  This is a big no-no for breakfast lovers such as myself, as I eat it every morning!I believe I tried a few other things but can't remember exactly what.  But...seared whitefish eggs benny...oh, how I adore you.  I don't eat land-roving meat (only fish/seafood) so I didn't try any of the sausage, bacon or meat related items.  Some of the other things I noticed but did not try were made to order omlettes, smoked salmon, various cereals & yogurts, waffles, one or two more selections of flatbreads, fresh fruit, etc.  So, overall there was a good selection to choose from, however I was expecting it to be a bit bigger in size (but maybe that's my buffet inexperience showing).  A lot of items, as you will read from other Yelp reviews, are portioned out into individual serving dishes.  This is a neat, unique concept.  The only downfall I found was it made it a tad difficult to gather multiple items in one trip.  Maybe that's what they're going for, so people ultimately eat less...I don't know.  What I do know is I must've looked like a pig with all the individual dishes on my table!!!Service was great.  Upon entering and exiting the buffet, the hostesses were very warm, welcoming, and greeted with a smile.  The server was attentive and also very friendly.  Like I said, I'm not big on buffets but if I were to go back to one for lunch or dinner, it would most likely be Wicket Spoon.  If you're a buffet person, you should definitely put this one on your list.  Happy eating!
4	Wow, what a great price  ($29) for a really good variety and hardly no wait at all (7:30-8)?! I know what everyone is saying...why limit yourself with all the small dishes they serve their plates in.  But I loved it!  If you wanted more of something...just take extra dishes! It's not that difficult.  THe food was done to Vegas perfection.  Desserts were definitely the highlight of the whole meal.  This is NOT a seafood buffet so if you're looking for snow crabs you will be disappointed.    The fact that we went in, enjoyed our meal and left with our tummy's stuffed makes it well worth it!
2	After a long weekend in Vegas, my friends and I wanted to leave Vegas with a bang (eating at a buffet). One of them suggested we go to Wicked Spoon. Away we go!The place is decorated beautifully. A lot of open space for comfortable dining. We went during lunch and they were nice enough to offer me unlimited bloody marys for $10. Okay! I'm not driving!The food presentation was really nice. Many dishes came in baby pots, chinese to-go boxes, etc. It's a way to win an "awwww" with girls.. but with me? I don't really care. It's cute, but my money goes to taste not necessarily presentation. I tried a little bit of everything, but the salad bar (waste of stomach space). Nothing was really memorable except for the miso glazed pork sliders. Those were DELICIOUS. They didn't have enough meat selections, I expected more than just 3 (prime rib and some other two). The creamed corn was okay. Their dessert selection was probably the highlight of the buffet. Yes, they were presented in a very "cute" way, but I didn't care for most of it. Chocolate covered long-stem strawberries, french macarons (they only had two flavors and they didn't look/taste very appealing). I do, however, like that they had a variety of gelato flavors. I think at the time when I was there, I thought it was amazing because I was in awe of how the Cosmopolitan looked and their presentation, but thinking now.. I probably wouldn't go back. Their food selection wasn't all that great. I think they try to mask their lack of food selection with all that jazzed up stuff (cute trays, baby pots, tiny wrapped food, etc). Crazy price for a just an "okay" buffet. Not worth going to again. I enjoyed the Rio a lot more and it's at a lower rate.  Meh.
4	Great selection of food!  Was here for brunch and they had a great spread. Endless mimosas...winning!
4	I am not a fan of buffets...really, however I stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 5 nights and as a platinum Marriott member they comp you free breakfast here.  Thank you.I love their small plates (kind of tapas like) concept as I could try many things but still keep it relatively healthy.  They had smoothies, fresh fruit, cook to order eggs, slab bacon, gourmet pastries, yogurt parfaits, potatoes of all kinds...and the list goes on.  The weekend brunch was a little kicked up and busier but I was a frequent guest here during my stay...well at least every morning.
5	Completely devoid of lines, which Vegas buffets are notorious for, my group of 12 happily walked right in. Our hostess did not fail to mention that we were being seated right next to the dessert section. Thank you hostess, for knowing exactly what I wanted without me saying a word! Now, onto the main courses (of which I had many of):-Mac & Cheese: Comfort food is so necessary after a night of vegas debauchery, so this sure hit the spot.  They are served in small individual tin pots which helps with portion control. In my case, there is no such thing as self or portion control so I had myself some seconds and thirds. No regrets, they were THAT good. Cheesy, oozing goodness.-White Whipped Ricotta Pizza: Easily became my second favorite dish as it paired so well with their garlic bread. Thin crusted, the ricotta simply made this dish the "10" rating it deserved.-Breakfast: Red velvet pancakes w/ homemade cream cheese sauce & bacon. Yes, I ate breakfast at 1:30 P.M. and enjoyed every bite of it. -Asian section: Pork belly fried rice, pork buns, Miso glazed pork (see pictures). Divine. Lots of pork so if you're not a lover, steer yourself in another direction.-Dessert: Biscotti ice cream, white chocolate covered mini-apples and strawberries. Scrumptious. One of the only buffets in vegas that showcases lots of white chocolate, which I prefer over chocolate, any day. The white choco strawberries had an Oreo crumb crust, definitely a winner. Had seconds of the Biscotti ice cream which came with mini-waffle bowls & cones. So aesthetically pleasing! They also have lots of other ice cream flavors to choose from - all fresh and homemade I believe.$26 brunch, $29 dinner on a Saturday.Wicked Spoon displays lots of entrees that you will not find anywhere else. Good thing? Of course. Will I come back? 100%.
4	Visited a few weekends back and ate 2 meals there. Was very impressed with the wide range of food, and quality. Far better than most buffets in Vegas, while coming in at $30 basically. There's different types of food for all, including a rather deep roster of meats, pastas, and assorted fruits/vegetables for everyone.
4	Interesting cute buffet concept! Most of the foods are individually portioned into little pots, bowls, or chinese take-out boxes! I came here for brunch ($26) and was able to try a lot of different things, but could only fit at most about 5-6 containers at once on my plate. Some things that were memorable included the red-wine mushrooms, pork belly sandwich, and creamed corn. I thought their prime rib was pretty tasty as well. I wasn't too crazy about their pad thai. It was spicy, but lacked flavor in my opinion.They have an extensive dessert section with all sorts of cute little bite-sized pastries and a gelato stand. Absolutely LOVED their assortment of chocolate-covered strawberries - white chocolate, milk chocolate, with oreos, with rice krispies, with peanuts...such variety! My friends must've gotten full off just that! And the strawberries were large ones...not those dinky ones you get from the supermarket :)I agree with one of the reviews below who said that this buffet is definitely a way to win an "aww" with the girls. My friends and I must've said "awww" more times than I can count during the meal. But this buffet doesn't hit high marks for practicality. You can't fit that many food items on one plate and for people who know what they like and want more of it, they are forced to get multiple pots just to get the portion they want. However, I give it 4 stars for decent food, extensive variety, beautiful desserts, and unique presentation. This buffet is definitely different and I appreciate their attempt to think outside of the box.
3	What happened to this place? the prices go up and their selection drops big time.Last time I came in January, they had Lobster, I come back 2 months later and I ask the waiter and they're like "we never had that"I like their concept but I was underwhelmed by their selection. Perhaps they are losing money with the buffet or something?
4	I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a buffet guy. Vegas gets you jaded about buffets, but this thing is a game changer.  I went in for the breakfast/lunch rollover.  Went in at 10:30 for the breakfast price of $17, stayed for lunch which starts at 11am.   The way everything is served is just super cool. It also seems to keep the food fresher being served in individual sized containers.  Lots of fresh fruit, bottled water on table, and a killer dessert section are among the things that make this place stand out.  This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas, tempted to rate it a 5, maybe I'll update my review after a few return visits.
5	I went here for brunch with a couple of friends and had an amazing time. The choices were out of this world, not your everyday buffet items. Red velvet pancakes... what's not to love?The only complaint I can even think of is that when we entered and paid we were not offered the unlimited mimosa or bloody marys. It wasn't a big deal to order and pay through our server but it would have been easier on everyone if the hostess/cashier offered it to begin with.
5	Wicked Spoon is 5 stars all the way.   It is certainly in my top tier of Las Vegas buffets.  This was my first time here, and I was very pleased.First, my server was very friendly and very competent.  She poured my bottled water as soon as I was seated and asked about alcohol or other drinks.  She was prompt and attentive.  I wish I knew her name.  She is an asset to the Wicked Spoon.I liked the tapas style items.  A small bowl with two peeled shrimp, some cocktail sauce, and a little lemon slice.  What more could you want?  My food looked like it was plated by a Top Chef contestant because of this serving idea.  There are plenty of all you can eat foods, too, so for those of you who don't care for the idea of small plates, gorge.Desserts were excellent!  The chocolate covered strawberry was delicious and I had some very interesting fudge and a chocolate covered crab apple.  Different and good!!The variety was excellent.  I just wish I could have tried more things.  But I guess that's what will keep me coming back for more.  And that great server.  I'll look for her and see if I can request her section!
4	I loved the food here more than my companions did, but one thing we all agreed on was that whoever designed this place was BLOODY INSANE. OK they have this non-ironic crap '80s music playing, and these weird little uniforms on the staff, and the FUGLIEST wall decoration: photos of food wrapped up in clothes. Picture a shiitake mushroom leaning up against a high-heeled shoe, that sort of thing. Bogus.Oh yeah, I'd definitely come back for the chow, but I'd wear blinders and ear plugs.
4	Vegas trip last weekend and had to give this place a try!!I love how everything is in individual plates/serving dishes. The food was pretty fresh and tasty. I liked the Korean short ribs, goat cheese salad, fried chicken, and sweet potato fries. The dessert options were the best. Chocolate covered strawberries! And chocolate covered mini apples! YUM!! And macaroons!! :DService was a bit sloppy IMO. My plates weren't promptly taken away when I got new food. Drinks weren't refilled. Maybe it was a bad day?Anywho, give this place a try - it gives you some good variety from the well-known Vegas buffets.
4	This the best buffet I've been to.  It's expensive but worth it.  Also it's a guaranteed good recommendation for friends.
3	The Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan is something a little different here in Las Vegas.  Mind you, I said, "a little".  While the selection here is pretty amazing, there are still issues with items not being properly labeled (aside from sometimes not having a label at all) and the slow service at the front cashier.As far as being different, the items in the buffet aren't all that different but the way that they're served are.  Just about everything is served in little dishes "tapas style".  This is terrific if you want to have just a little of something but can be a real pain if what you wanted was 12 pieces of shrimp cocktail (as there are only 2 shrimp in each dish).They serve King Crab...but as king crab tails.  Very interesting.  After looking into it, I found out that the tails were not usually served in restaurants until recently. Personally, I didn't even know that a king crab had a tail.As with many other buffets here in town, there are salads, breads, different pasta dishes and meats as well as pizzas and asian selections.I think the Wicked Spoon is definitely a place to try while visiting Las Vegas but as a local, I have other buffets I'll go to before this one.  The quality of the food here is good and the buffet seems to be priced correctly for its offerings.All said, it's OK.  This is Vegas.
4	Presentation was a definitely 5 stars. Lovin the way each portion is prepared in little pans. As for the food, i enjoyed the prime rib and the custom mac and cheese  station. This is probably the high class version of las vegas buffet and you dont have to stare at the nasty ordinary food in typical vegas buffets.  Will definetely come here again unless another chic hotels opens up. Oh yea, i knocked a star off because it was all the way in the back of the hotel. When ur hungry, the least thing you want to do is walk a damn mile. But.. It does help to walk a mile after eating here.
4	talk about a different type of vegas buffet! we decided to check this place out for sunday brunch. this place was super trendy and the presentation of the dishes are so unique and super cute! Not only does the food taste fresh and flavorful, there is a wide variety of different foods for everyone to choose from. my favorite thing were the waffles! i don't know how they prepare the waffles, but they are so light and crispy. almost as if they were deep fried! =) yum. everything from tiny baskets of fried chicken wings to pint size chinese to go boxes filled with padthai noodles. everything was perfect.will definitely go back
5	I really want to say it was awful and the servers punched me in the face while eating so, the lines don't become like the lines at Studio B. But, I will be honest. This is my favorite buffet in Vegas by far, so so so good. A lot of it is Tapas style and takes about 3 trips to try everything you want on the savory side. The desert is unreal too! Also the wait staff was very attentive. It is a little pricier than the locals spots but it is definately worth it.
5	We ended up here while wandering the strip for lunch mid week. There was tons of people everywhere so dodging sunny weather and walking around the amazing brand new Cosmopolitan was awesome. We ended up at this buffet the people were friendly enough we looked around and were sold on desserts alone.The lunch spread was awesome especially at $21.99. They had proscitto, smoked salmon, braised beef, char siu, sushi, lobster sauce raviolli's. Everything served in these tiny small stainless steel pots. They even had carnitas tacos. They had almost everything except dim sum.But the pure ownage of this place was the desserts. OMG they had all you can eat gelato and sorbet about 18-20 flavors!!! Chocolate covered strawberries with nuts in white or dark chocolate, the strawberries were the size of a small childs fist! These delicious little cups that had all kinds of cake and what not. It was amazing.I finished it off with a hot tea from the delicous tea republic which was included, they even give you these tiny jars of honey for them. The service was great our waitress was super friendly but really busy.I would totally go again! especially to see what they have for dinner.
5	The Creme de la Creme of Vegas buffets priced around $20!i like how the main dishes are served ala cart, tapas style.   Quality cuts of various meats: chicken, lamb, pork, and beef.    The trick to enjoying Wicked Spoon is to try a little of Everything.  Setting is very trendy.  Water is even served in stylish glass bottles (you feel like you paid for it!)  I'm cutting this review short because I overate and now have a serious case of food coma.
4	This is the best Vegas buffet I've been to (at least in a while).  The food comes in cute little pots and pans and the dessert bar is both beautiful and tasty.  The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that the service is absolutely terrible (which might be expected from a Vegas buffet).  Our dishes just piled up on the table and we essentially had to raise our hand to get a waitress to come over.
5	$26 for buffet or 36 for buffet + bottomless mimosa.  I thought those are reasonable prices for buffet in Vegas.  Great selection of food and elegant settings.  I felt like I was dining in a nice restaurant rather than the average Vegas buffet.  Not only does this place has a great selection, presentation and the quality of food was definitely beyond buffet standards.  The only thing I thought wasn't very good was the ham, it was a bit dry.  But I definitely over compensated by consuming a large amount of chocolate strawberries.
4	Let me start off by saying that I don't really like buffets and I went here reluctantly figuring it would be terrible food at ridiculous prices. I was completely wrong...The food is phenomenal and covers every possible type and flavor you can imagine. I'm a vegetarian and found more than enough options to suit my tastes - sushi, salads, soups and too many vegetable dishes to even count and a dizzying array of desserts. Everything is pre-portioned so you're eating more tapas style than true buffet- smaller bites but lots of variety. We ended up eating all of our remaining meals here.
5	BEST BUFFET EVER! There are a lot of buffets in Vegas that serve excellent "buffet food." But Wicked Spoon serves good food, period. They have the type of food that you would enjoy at a nice, sit-down restaurant. We went for brunch and I opted for the $35 version with bottomless mimosas. We were all drunk by 1pm so that was a plus. The great thing about the food at Wicked Spoon is that a lot of options separated into individual serving sizes in cute little containers. The eggs Benedict, short rib pasta, risotto, fried chicken, Korean short ribs, prime rib and pork belly wrapped in bun all tasted really great. There were so many things to try that I was worried that I wouldn't be able to try everything before I got full. The dessert selection was beautiful. But by the time I got to dessert, I was already stuffed.It was such a successful meal. We all had a fantastic time. And you should go too.
4	This is the first time I have left a buffet not feeling disgusted by my gluttonous self.  I felt like I was eating QUALITY food, and not just quantity.  The majority of dishes are served in small, pre-portioned sizes giving that tapas vibe. And there is such a great and wide selection.  Something for everyone. I came for dinner, and my favorites were the crispy prawns and pork belly sliders.  I love cheese- and there was also a great cheese selection (blue cheese, brie, parmigiano regianno, cheddar ) accompanied by nuts, dried fruit, fresh fruit, and breads. Warning: if you are a crab leg fan (like me), note that they only have the claws served in pairs with a dab of cocktail sauce and lemon in a cute square shotglass. The cocktail shirmp is served this way as well.  Of course, that didn't stop some patrons from piling their plates with 9 of these shotglasses.
5	I don't think this buffet is for everyone, but it's definitely for ME!!!  Oh how I dream of going back... and going back OFTEN!I would say if you are the kind of person that likes to go to a buffet to load your plate up with a mountain of fried shrimp or other standard buffet items, you won't like this place.Buf if you are the kind of person who likes to try all kinds of different foods, made in all kinds of different ways... this will be your kind of place!  Nothing here is just "plain."  The polenta isn't just polenta.  It's "creamy mushroom and marscapone polenta."   The stromboli isn't just stromboli.  It's "pulled pork stromboli with roasted red peppers." The scalloped potatoes are "scalloped potatoes baked in a rich truffle sauce."   You get the idea.So if those kinds of things intimidate you, rather than excite you.... The Wicked Spoon isn't for you.  The last time my husband and I were there, as we were walking out, a couple who was also leaving turned to us with disgusted looks on their faces and said "Did you like that?"  We responded "yes" and they shook their heads and said "yuck.  We didn't."  So it's obviously not for everyone, but I can tell you that if you have adventurous taste buds and like to try a little bit of everything.... you won't be disappointed.
5	Summing up the experience, I would say - Going crazy on food!!We were starving on a Friday morning in Vegas, 10:30AM and we had no idea whether or where we will get breakfast or lunch at such an odd time....and whoa!! This place is awesome!!We got a breakfast buffet entry for 17$ each at 10:45AM. The lunch buffet was starting at 11AM and the girl at billing counter was sweet enough to suggest us to enter now and sit through both breakfast (17$) and lunch (24$) buffets, for the price of just the breakfast buffet!!I experienced the real BRUNCH for the first time, sitting through both breakfast and lunch buffets :DThe service is prompt with people coming in for coffee refills, drinks orders, and clearing up the table after every helping. The buffets - huge variety of EVERYTHING you can think of....salads, soups, appetizers, pastas, pizzas, breads, dips, cheese, paninis, pancakes, cakes, pastries, eggs, potatoes, meats, rice.....cuisines included American, Chinese, Thai, Mexican, French, Japanese...and so on...During the lunch buffet they opened a completely new section JUST FOR DESSERTS!!! I went crazy just looking at the tempting colors and presentation of the desserts. These were for everyone, gelatos and sugar free desserts for the diet conscious,  and chocolate candies, fruits, and brownies for the chocoholics.Could barely walk after hogging both meals at the same time but it was an experience to remember!!!Smart tip - Go to wicked spoon with a growling tummy around 10:30AM :D
3	Fantastic fresh berries. A step away from the normal buffet - esp the normal casino buffet and service was spot on each time I was there.
3	Im not a buffet person, but my friend recommended me to try it out. Love the presentation, very trendy. The food was alright.
5	Better than Wynn. We were here for a Sunday brunch ($27/person). Fantastic value for wonderful variety of good quality food. Some of the standouts were thai flavored edamame, Korean spear ribs (galbi), gnocchi, mac & cheese, shrimp rolls... Very good value for the money & I would return here in a heart beat. We went to the Wynn buffet two days later & honestly, variety & taste of the food were below those of wicked spoon.
4	The food that was good was unbelievable! The food that was not good was still better then food at other buffets. We will be back!
2	Come on fellow Yelpers, i know you guys know good food and this is just not it. This was my first trip to Cosmo and of course to the Wicked Spoon as well and mainly based off the reviews of this place from here i had to see what all the fuss was about. Upon arrival i was surprised to see no line on a Sunday evening (wut!) and so i was seated in 2 minutes and onto the food. Will my server nice dude, friendly smile (no homo), and good personality took my drink order and said get your grub on which i was prepared to do. Did the stroll over the food which as promised served individually on about 80% of the offerings down to the salads which honestly were a nice highlight with the interesting varieties. Everything was clean, well presented and seemed to be prepared with a little more thought in terms of flavor with items such as chorizo enfuesed salmon, braised short ribs, and even a mac n cheese bar which was certainly a first for me. Even with all the eye candy of the food it was unfortunately lacking in flavor just like your typical buffet food that i have experienced. The carving station salmon and chicken were dry as the Mojave. The mac n cheese station was too much cheddar, can you say cheese with a side of noodle. And i think what stood out most for the night of negatives was the very bitter flavored lamb ribs on the Asian station that seemed almost like a black bean coating of some sort. Of course its not all bad, highlights were the ceviche although needing more shrimp still very fresh and flavorful, the interesting salad combinations, the leg of lamb on the carving station, the braised short rib, and the desert bar was stellar. Fudge oh so creamy, the choco strawberries everybody is talking about and i especially liked the peanut butter cookies that had something like chopped reece's cup sprinkled on top. You know in the end there is just far better food in this city to be had for $30 a head at dinner. I mean if your mission is to stuff your face to the point where it hurts your tummy then have at it here at Wicked Spoon sure. But your dollars can have better quality food at many of great restaurants on the strip and easily be satisfied with a good meal and service at the same price if not cheaper depending where you go. Im by no means a food snob but at $30 a head id like some quality over just a nice presentation. Oh and one other big plus is the rest room inside the actual buffet i noticed. Thats something you dont see at other buffets or restaurants here in Vegas.
3	So when two Filipinos end up near the strip deciding on lunch, it almost feels natural we'd end up at a buffet to nosh, sit and kill time. I think I will get to the strongpoints first:MEAT, especially pork dishes. Seriously, the steamship pork they were carving, miso glazed pork loin, char siu, pork belly steam buns were all tasty and perfectly cooked. Pork is usually a buffet fail, but these are juicy and perfectly cooked. The steamship with a bit of the onion marmalade and chimichurri was worth a 2nd carving. The other meats like the turkey, kalbi ribs and linguica was good too. If I just want to sit and gorge on meat, I would consider going here for $22 than go to a Brazilian rodizio for $40. Salad- I know, it's just an effing salad but buratta cheese with crushed pistachio served with frisee in red wine raspberry vinaigrette is a winner.Gelato- plenty flavors and well madeDecent- cured pepper salmon, cheeses, farro tabuleh, goat cheese roasted tomato salad, creamy polenta with mushrooms, pizza, clams in a stew (but they really should have just left them plain in butter since the clams were fresh but the sauce isn't good), already peeled shrimp cocktail. Now onto the fails- The concept of little serving plates seem cute and different, but it simply doesn't work especially on the items they are doing. Covered or not, these are items that shouldn't sit so they really need to consider thats in them. They also seriously need to give you like a cafeteria tray. Two of them fill a plate. Risotto- seriously? Rice seizes into itself and gets mushy. Gnochi turns into a gummy mess like a mochi. Cappelli pasta looked mushy so I didn't even try. Mac n cheese got hard on the top. Seafood like poached cod was gross. Desserts were very pretty but some were spit out worthy. Gelato was the best thing there with plenty of flavors and good consistency. This little mousse chocolate cup was decent, the strawberries dipped in chocolate were sweet. I saw macarons with fruit and I was expecting them to not be great, but they were inedible. It tasted like the purple food coloring and rusted chlorinated water. Some desserts didn't even make fucking sense like a very tart mango puree with chocolate mouse and pearls and fruit jelly on top. This was where the majority of food wastage was since a lot of it wasn't any good. I rather have a big bowl of ugly looking bread pudding from Sams Town buffet than aesthetically pleasing but palette scaring desserts. Service was alright. Plates didn't sit so long, but we didn't get many plates for the time we sat around. I like that they do give you water for the table since sometimes you just need something to drink and don't have anything. They weren't bad on the refills of my tea though. It's not a buffet I would recommend for that pricepoint, but I suppose it wasn't terrible. I'm a pork meat person so the large amount of pork cooked right was a definite win. Maybe if I had tourist friends going there anyways, I wouldn't mind going, but I do not think it's a place I'd seek out.
5	What I hate about buffets, the scary amount of food and food touching each other on the plate. Wicked spoon is awesome because its like tapas style, so everything comes in smaller individual portions. Granted, you might have to make multiple trips but thats part of the fun when it comes to buffets. I loved how all the food was portioned and you can try everything and always go back for more. You can avoid wasting food! All the main hot food had better presentation that it almost felt like I was at a restaurant and not at a buffet where im scooping food onto my plate like at a school cafeteria. Everything was so good. I had some great gnocchi, ravioli, filet mignon strips, crap cocktail with lemon. Cons: there were some food that came in such tiny portions and it was hard to eat lots of it without looking like a compulsive hoarder. I say come here for a non traditional buffet experience. Everyone goes to the Wynn and Bellagio and trust me, it gets really old fast.
4	This might be my favorite buffet in Vegas. You have your usual assortment of dishes but all with an interesting twist. Here are some of the highlights. Lamb ribs - incredibly tender and has an asian flavor to it.Mac n cheese - they make it fresh for youKorean short ribs - thick and fatty. delicious. Braised beefMarinated prawnsKing crab clawsI hear people complain about their individual serving dishes. I think it's actually pretty cool. The lowlight of the buffet is definitely their desert assortment. Definitely a letdown. Also, this buffet is more catered to meat eaters. Their seafood selection is sparse...where are the oysters and crab legs?
5	I made arrangements to have my wedding brunch at the Wicked Spoon.  I wanted everyone to have what they wanted, including my picky groom & those with allergies.  Out of all the places I had checked out, WS did not increase the per person rate because we were a party.  It also was not a terribly huge place.  We had seen great reviews and video, which helped us in gauging the chat volume, which was minimal. I could not have been more pleased!  Our party of 18 was seated at one end of the buffet, with no thoroughfare.  There was a lot of something for everyone.  I liked the individual serving pots, kept food from drying out or being poked at by others.  The Korean spare-ribs were the party hit.  The desserts were the perfect portion size to try a little of everything.  We regret the mac n' cheese station isn't offered for brunch but next time!  Our plates were promptly picked up & cocktail refills quick.  Finish it with a walk around this lovely hotel and it was a great day. Our only glitch: my guests got there ahead of us and were told there was no reservation.  Luckily, I had brought the contract and we were promptly seated.
4	I was promised by my bf that there would be lobster here!! But no, there was no lobster. I would still give it 4 stars though - the quality here is superb, and the presentation is unique. A lot of the entree choices are put in tiny stainless steel pots, and the dessert is actually pretty awesome.I noticed there were a lot of short rib variations, and not enough seafood. Even still, I'd go back again.
3	Came here for Sunday brunch and all I have to say is... meh. It was okay, nothing astounding or worthy of writing home about. They did have a decent selection of breakfast/brunch food, mediocre sushi bar/asian section, salad and small bites, and pretty good dessert spread (but honestly... it's DESSERT). I've gone to the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, both which outshine this one.They had unique pancakes, such as the red velvet and guinness pancakes, but otherwise lacked anything too noteworthy. I will say though that I enjoyed their small pans/platters of dishes, such as the guyere stuffed gnocchi and other tasty pastas. i woud have liked to see a bigger sushi spread though. Overall, it was good and definitely made me walk out full and satisfied, but compared to the other buffet options in Vegas, this wouldn't be my first pick.
5	Cosmopolitan being an upscale hotel and a part of the City Center, I was shocked to find the price of the buffet only $29 on a Friday evening.  No half tail of lobster or AYCD wine are the main reasons for the disparity in price, as well as the small selection of seafood.This is a great buffet and for the price, might be the best $ for $.  All the servings are the right size, large enough to get enough, small enough to allow you to try everything you want.  Plus, each dish was served on a unique plate to add to the presentation.Favorites were the crab claws, truffled potatoes, prime rib with garlic sauce, korean short ribs, marinated prawns, lamb ribs, various salads and soups.  Would definitely recommend this buffet to friends or bring them here myself and go again.  Another small but nice plus is that this buffet has a restroom very close =)
5	Ok, no lobster or watermelon.  But it's only ~$35 a person and didn't have to wait on a Friday night.It's difficult finding the place.  You have to walk through the casino, up stairs, through a hallway of weird artwork.Every dish is placed on a small plate and decorated nicely.  They didn't go for quantity, but quality.  It was fun trying every dish and they didn't disappoint.  I would repeat and recommend.Avoid the artwork vending machine right outside the buffet.
5	Okay, I failed to post a review when I hit Cosmo's Wicked Spoon in February, so here goes:  I. LOVED. IT.   I am not a a big buffet fan, can take them or leave them.  But when I find a good one, I give in.  I  made my way to see the new Cosmo a couple months ago and especially wanted to try WS.  The casino itself is quite nice and I am a fan of that as well.  Breakfast at WS was a civilized, calming dining experience.  So many buffets are trough-like and over-run with gluttonous slobs who run to and fro, eyes all agog with plates piled high and gunk all hanging over.  It's as if some people don't realize YOU CAN GO BACK FOR MORE!!   Not so at WS.  I personally am a fan of the tapas-esque concept they have established for their buffet.  In particular, for breakfast, I had THE most interesting, tasty and excellently prepared baked egg dish with salmon, cream cheese and capers.  My goodness.  The eggs were so light and airy, it was a delight.  There were other baked egg dishes like the pulled pork one and the wild mushrooms one, but I liked the salmon one the best.  I also had some thick cut bacon, cooked crisply and NOT drowning in grease!   Among other tasty treats, I ended my breakfast with a creamy, decadent banana smoothie that I still think about.  It is served in a shot glass.The room at WS gives me the feeling of zen and calm.  A civilized environment.  Okay, I'm done touting Wicked Spoon.  But I will definitely go back.
5	BONE MARROW!!! Need I say more???Thank goodness a friend told us about this place otherwise we would have just continued to go to disappointing buffets. The cost, about $31 after tax (not bad at all). Came here for dinner with friends and thankfully it wasn't packed (because the Lord knows I don't like people getting in the way of me and my food). Decor was beautiful and like "Liza T." said, very modern and contemporary. This is one of the very few buffets where I was actually excited about the food. Why? Because the first thing I saw and grabbed was the huge slab of bone marrow sliced in half and cooked to perfection, I swear it called out to me and I answered!! *Yummm* Great selection of foods, I wish I could remember everything they served but I totally blacked out and grabbed anything and everything and by the time I sat down I had a mountain of food sitting on top of my plate! The desserts were VERY cute and not only appealed to the eyes but appealed to the taste buds as well. =D Definitely will be coming back to this buffet when in town again. 5 STARS!!!
5	Ever since the Bellagio opened up on the Strip, their buffet was generally the best in my eyes.  Though the Paris buffet is arguably just as good from what I remember, I always thought what the Bellagio had to offer was the best overall.  Well, until now that is; move over Bellagio, cuz someone has come along and snatched top billing from you.Now, don't let the trendy and chic decor distract you...there is some serious food being thrown out here.  While you will might assume it's just the generic sorts of items like salad, Chinese food, sushi, pasta/pizza, and carvery items, there is just so much more to it than that.  Rather, you can find more unique offerings like kalbi (Korean BBQ ribs...surprisingly good!), buns with pork belly, gnocchi, risotto, pork loin, beef stews, flatbreads, truffle potatoes, and even a station to build your own bowl of pho.  Seriously, how many other places can say that?  A pho station!  It'd be better if it were a ramen station, but still impressive enough!What's really cool about the place though is that it's not your usual sort of buffet where you pile a bunch of food on your plate and then go to town.  Rather, like the rest of the hotel, it feels so refined, with a majority of the food being served in small plates, bowls, and mini-pots.  Think like an individual tapas plate buffet.  Pretty ingenious if you ask me since it's probably better at reducing the amount of food that gets wasted or dumped.The food alone makes the price worthwhile, but it's even more reasonable when compared to the other buffets on the strip.  Considering the quality and choices, it's not too shabby at $28 a head for lunch (by Vegas buffet standards).  Wicked Spoon has pretty much all you could ask for at a buffet, but I have to admit that the long walk back to the main part of the hotel when you've got a stomach full of food kind of sucks.  In any case, Wicked Spoon is wicked awesome (so cheesy, I know).
5	I hate buffets but I have to admit that I will be coming back here every time I'm in Vegas. Great service and awesome food. It was my first time trying bone marrow and it was soo good I had 8 of them. The cosmo is just an awesome place period. McFatty out. Deuce...literally after all the food a had, a deuce was much needed....and a nap.
4	Interesting concept most of the dishes portioned out in little dishes. Only bad thing is you can only fit about 4 little dishes on your plate and some of the portions are really small , but since it's a buffet you can eat as much as you want just have to make alot more trips to the buffet line. The dessert were pretty good.The overall quality is excellent and it is an experience in itself.  I would go back with out of town friends and family for a special treat
4	There are few buffets that I will even try. I must say kudos to Wicked Spoon for trying to bring high end dishes to a buffet setting. I enjoyed the plating of the items which is unlike any other buffet here. However, much of my food was cold (when it shouldn't be) I would speculate because they probably do not preheat the plates and personal size serving pans prior to plating the food thus the food immediately starts to cool down. Also, the "fries with eyes" was greasy (and cold) indicative that they did not heat the oil enough. However, I will say I was impressed that they had bone marrow! and prime rib bones - yum. The variety of food was also good, I enjoyed the artichoke hearts with truffle risotto. The gnocchi with lamb ragu left something to be desired, while the ragu in itself was tasty, the gnocchi was the consistency of balls of mashed potatoes. Hands down, and quite frankly what pushes this from 3 1/2 stars to 4 stars for me is the dessert bar. The tiny chocolate waffle cone filled with some sort of coffee and chocolate filling with gold flake was heavenly, as was the chocolate covered strawberries. As to service, our server although nice was a bit lacking. It took us strategically placing our plates on the edge of the table for her to finally clear them off despite passing our table numerous times. Overall I think I would rather pay the few extra dollars though and go to the Wynn buffet.
3	I loved how when we got there, not that many people were in line for brunch. Waited approximately enough to not be hungover when we got to the cash register. $28 for Sun brunch. Yee =)Presentation wise, everything was super cute. Whether they come in little ramekins, mini saucepans, Chinese take out boxes, or even a frying basket, all the food looked appetizing. I liked the portions of all of these fixtures because it was so convenient to just crab a bowl of whatever and move on. There were still the standard buffet style of tong and grabbing as much of something that you want. I just hated that all of the dishware took up so much room on my plate so I basically was allowed only 4 options at a time. -_-Food cuisine was eclectic and many choices were given. Nice. As for taste, this is where the 3 stars come in. It's just ok. Not spectacular omg droolz, just ok. Nothing too memorable that stands out to me. I probably won't eat here again but I'm glad I got to try this place out.
5	This is the best buffet in vegas, and best of all it is reasonably priced.  The dessert selection and entre selection is second to none.  Their must have been 30 or 40 desserts at this place including fudge, all sorts of pastries, 15 different flavors of gelato, chocolates, etc.  The food stations had everything imaginable from so many different countries.  The quality of food here is incredible.  This place is definitely on my must eat places when I visit Vegas.
3	I don't remember the last time I had to wait in line for a buffet. Haha... anyway, I'm not a vegetarian but I noticed that this place didn't really have a whole lot vegetarian dishes. *sad face*Nevertheless, there was meat. LOTS OF MEAT. If you're a meateater, you will. love. this. place. The dessert bar was beyond wonderful. They have gelato, French-like desserts, and just really fancy little treats. I loved gelato the best.. I had the pistacchio and the mint chocolate flavor. Both were amazingly good!My friends and I got the mimosa brunch which overall cost each person about $35? I thought it was an OK price. I mean, there was a lot of food, but none really striked me. The mimosa wasn't that worth it because it made us full really fast. Took up a lot space in the stomach that I didn't really have room for anything else. And it's a buffet, we're all supposed to overeat. Not the healthiest thing to do, but, well, it's Vegas. It's called the sin city for a reason.
4	I would definitely come back to this place.  I didnt come here for dinner but i think it has the best lunch so far. I love their desserts especially the one with the silver egg. I can't wait to try the dinner buffet.
4	Everything was great! i couldn't believe they had roasted bone marrow you can't find that in any buffet. I would of given it five stars if they had oysters and crab legs. Overall i will definitely be returning back to the wicked spoon.
5	12:11..err, 12:14 am.. i think.. to be honest, im not sure.i just stumbled my way back into my apartment after a 7 hour drive, From Las Vegas, back to Whittier. A victim of my own gluttony, and self-torturing habits. head still buzzing from the effects of No-Doz, chased with tiny "5 hour Energy" bottles. i find myself awake, and, yet dead on my feet. with really only one thing lingering in my mind. i write these lines with hope, that by purging my experience, i might actually get some sleep tonight..ah, my friends.. a circle of people that can only be described as "Family" When i learned that two of my friends(who's pending nuptials will not be recognized in CA.) decided to have their Bachelorette party in Vegas, i knew what to expect. our group Vegas trips were legendary. Fast-Forward to late morning, Sunday. The hazy fog is just starting to lift. i sit there, blinking into oblivion, trying to figure out what the heck transpired in the past 44 hours. surveying my surroundings, i gather that i am in some type of restaurant, a Buffet! but which one? speaking slowly, i am able to obtain that we are sitting around a table at the Wicked Spoon Buffet, inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. little by little, my head is clearing. i am sipping at some really tasty water, decanted out of the coolest glass bottles. then, a smiling waiter slides a large glass in front of me. wait..i know what that is! its a bloody mary!! thank god! not wasting any time, i toss back the delicious concoction, and begin to gather my wits. food is what i need, and i am in the right place. being somewhat of a Vegas Buffet Veteran, i decide to take a surveying lap, before committing to selections. the spread seems well organized and very extensive. i grab a plate and begin my systematic buffet destruction. first round: Korean-style grilled short rib, Pork belly slider with cilantro salad, Fresh orecchiette with crimini mushrooms and braised short ribs. the Korean rib was excellent! perfectly grilled, and oh so tasty! the Pork belly slider was a fresh boa bun stuffed with tender pork, cilantro, and a tangy vinaigrette. it was so good, i had two more after. the mushroom and short rib pasta was served in a quaint little saute pan, and was absolutely amazing! each one of these dishes was of top-restaurant quality. this couldn't be mass-produced buffet-fare. it tasted like a well trained chef prepared these dishes just for me. The things i found here, were not the types of food often found at your run-of-the-mill Vegas buffet. Mascarpone Polenta(omg!), Dashi broth, Roasted curry cauliflower, Cypress Grove "Drunken Goat" cheese, Red Velvet Pancakes, and heirloom tomato salad. in the 48 hours i was a temporary resident of Las Vegas, NV. i slept not a single wink. okay, maybe a cat nap here or there. i drank, i gambled, i drank, i danced, i drank and drank some more. there are many of those 48 hours that are lost to my mind. from witness reports given to me by my good pals, maybe its better that way. but thankfully, the memories i have from the Wicked Spoon are fresh and vivid. This place will perpetually be on my list, every time i choose to destroy myself a little bit, just across the state line.
5	The best buffet in Vegas so far......and it's cheap!   Also, customer service is rated A1...don't miss this one guys....
4	Been to the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times since they opened.  First time I went was during lunch during their first or second week of opening, where there were many kinks still needed to be worked out (lack of labels for the food served, bussers/waiters having a hard time clearing plates, etc.).  But I am glad to say that since my first visit, all of these issues have been addressed, and the experience of dining here has vastly improved.The selection of food served have also undergone a lot of changes, with items that are not popular or not being executed well being removed and replaced (crab apples is no more and replaced by chocolate covered marshmallows, dim sum items are gone - I wish they were still able to make the xiao long baos, some desserts are changed or simplified).The wait is a complaint for some visitors, but it hasn't been an issue for me during the times I have dined at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  With the most recent visit being at 7pm during the weekday.  Price for lunch is $19 and $27 for dinner, which is pretty fair for the quality and selection of food served.  There is also a bar where you can order alcoholic beverages for an additional charge.The buffet itself is pretty organized and traffic for the most part flows smoothly.  The salads and appetizers station is located on the left side (facing the buffet) and entrees in the middle, Asian section on the right side near the dessert station.  The dining area is decorated nicely, although it is not that large.  Finding the buffet can be a A lot of comments have already been posted about the food, so I am not going to bore you with my thoughts and preferences, as we all have different tastes, likes and dislikes.  But I will say that occasionally they serve whole suckling pigs (each weighing about 100 pounds and feeds about 30 people) so if you do see it on the buffet consider yourself lucky and enjoy the special treat.From very reliable sources, the Asian station is one of the most popular station at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  The Chefs there have plans to roll out a seasonal menu starting Easter, while continuing to serve the some core items throughout the year, so guests can experience the food at Wicked Spoon without getting bored of the same menu.About the service, I think it is excellent.  The waiters/waitresses are all doing their best to offer a great service to the guest.  And if you have special dietary needs, you can ask the cooks and they will do their best to accommodate you.  If you have other special requests (i.e., craving for a specialty cheese that may not be on displayed at the buffet, wanting to have your prime rib grilled), from personal experience I know they will accommodate you.  Which is major kudos in my book.Anyway, for the price of admission, I think you are getting a pretty decent value and food here.  4 stars!And if you have the Cosmopolitan IDENTITY card, present it to the cashier to accumulate points towards the rewards program.---Promotions---On "Plateau" Mondays, guests can upgrade their dinner with a Fruits de Mer Seafood Plateau served directly at your table for only $10 per person. Minimum of 2 people.
3	decided to try out a new buffet. we went for dinner on a friday night and the price was decent. no more than $30 i believe.i headed straight to order my custom mac n cheese. it was pretty good, but my pasta was swimming in the cheese sauce. the braised short rib was awesome! but there were too many foods with braised short rib in it. every other food i saw included braised short rib. i don't remember which food items had braised short rib in it but it was something like "gnocchi with braised short rib" and "braise short rib pizza" and "braised short rib soup" and "braised short rib this" and "braised short rib that."a lot of the foods are portioned out already. they serve it in a measuring cup looking thing. the plate provided is more like a tray to carry your food, which got pretty heavy. i didn't eat too many plates here. there was a limited selection and nothing really grabbed my attention. dessert selection was limited too. i loved the gelato and sorbetto and the chocolate covered strawberries. none of the desserts were marked. they looked pretty but i dunno what the hell they were. so much potential but it definitely fell short. it's just too bad.
3	Very good Sunday Brunch buffet, great idea portioning out the sides but still don't need 4oz of each, maybe only 2oz. Faves:General Tsao ChickenPolenta with mushroomsDESSERTS omg the chocolate everything...GREAT French toast.Hey Spoon, want to make a few more bucks? Try putting a coffee kiosk or drink stand within a quarter-mile of your front door. The buffet is set too far back from any type of service. We waited over an hour and a half and I nearly died of dehydration. Add a server in the lines and you'll earn that 4th star.
5	I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas (albeit not the Bellagio or Wynn) and this was the best I've seen. We went for lunch on a Monday -- $19 out the door was great! Food was mostly delicious, fresh, and somewhat unusual. Felt like I was a judge on Top Chef at times. Bone marrow???  It was very meat-heavy, so not the best spot for vegetarians. They did have some great salads and veggie sides, but very few (or any?) meat-free main dishes.  Much of the food is pre-portioned in little ramekins, serving pans, etc, which is super cute if you're into presentation like I am. My only complaint about that style is actually the opposite of what many here are saying. It was too much food in some cases when I only wanted a taste. If you didn't like something, it went to waste because you had to take the pre-portioned amount. My husband and I ended up traveling around the buffet together so we could share stuff. I nearly had a corn-gasm when I tasted the creamed corn and I'm sure I ate my week's worth of calories with just that dish.Desserts were the low-point for me. They have lots of pudding/creamy/soft sorts of choices, including gelato, but no pies, cakes or brownie-type choices. None of the desserts were labeled, so you just had to take your chances. All in all, we LOVED this buffet (knowing that it can't all be perfect!) and will definitely return. Plus, the Cosmopolitan is just awesome anyway.
1	I went here on recommendations from several friends who swear by it. The plating is great. They use small pots and pans to serve the food. Its very novelty, but functional as a way of portion control. I went on a friday for lunchUnfortunately I didn't find the quality of food acceptable...I grabbed a piece of fried chicken and discovered upon returning to my table that there were still feathers in the chicken...battered, fried and all. Not just one or two, but about a dozen.Additionally, the water they server is a filtered water delivered to your table in a glass bottle-- It had floaties. It looked like someone had backwashed into the water they were serving us. Also, just something that irked me was at the dessert counter. The plates (as with the rest of the buffet) are kept warm under heat lamps. Unfortunately when you grab a piece of chocolate or some ice cream, it instantly melts. Not very gourmet to slurp lukewarm ice cream sludge. A room temperature plate would have been nice.After all of this I spoke to the manager. I explained the problems one at a time. His response was to give us complimentary cocktails. A nice gesture, and it cured my sour mood, but this is not a fix to the problem. He offered no apology or explanation, nor did he make any indication that this would be fixed. My opinion of this establishment is that they care more about appearances than quality. It would definitely recommend AGAINST eating here.
5	Best bang for your buck buffet, but if you're willing to spend quite a bit more I recommend the Wynn buffet if you haven't already.
5	This is probably one of the best buffets in Vegas!We got there just in time before the crazy line started.  Lucky us!As I started down the line, there were so many choices!  Loved the grilled asparagus salad, mini pot of creamed corn (its really cream & corn, delish!!), fresh fruits, & dessert island with a gelato case (MMMMMM).The atmosphere is great, very open seating and serving stations.  I didnt get to try the carving station as there was so much to try!  They had a sushi section too.  I loved that lots of items were served in individual pots/plates/cups, they have great presentation!!  I wanted everything!!Can't wait to come back!  We even thought about going back to brunch the next day!!  YUMS!!!!!!!
5	Although everyone always raves about the Wynn buffet, I found Wicked Spoon to be equal or better in ever regard. I went for a Saturday brunch and paid $26.99 without champagne (average price for nice brunch buffet in vegas). Waited in line for about 20 mins (1pm). The food was fantastic. They had several breakfast dishes out including multiple egg dishes and omelet station. Lunch was also served at the same time. They had the best prime rib I have ever tasted. It was super juicy and tender. At the carving station, they had like 5 other options with pork, turkey and prime rib being the best.  Definitely a great experience if you love meat.They also had like 5 different kinds of salads. They had a variety of other dishes including asian meals (weak sushi though) but great korean bbq ribs. The dessert is what made this place fantastic. They had gelato ice cream (now becoming a standard) and probably the best, juiciest, largest chocolate covered strawberries I have ever eaten. Their fruit was also amazingly good, fresh and had great variety. If you are in vegas and you like buffets, you must check this one out.
5	Visiting Las Vegas last week was exactly what I needed. I was inspired by great work and ideas, spent time letting lose with old and new friends, and had delicious meals and desserts. No, I did not gamble. I did; however, research places I wanted to spend my calories.The one fantastic buffet I took on was at the Cosmopolitan hotel called the Wicked Spoon.  It is truly the next generation of buffets. Yes, the food was delicious. But the desserts were something straight from a French patisserie. The dessert area was huge and house everything for a sweet tooth like me including mini tarts and keylime pies, custard in cooked in real eggs, fudge and candies, individual size lava cakes, macarons, gelato, strawberries with chocolate, and little parfaits of all types. It was a beautiful site and it was hard to stop and waive the white napkin.
5	Best buffet in Vegas. Lavish and decadent. Not much seafood if that's what you're looking for. Amazing mac and cheese, short ribs, and the best buffet prime rib I've ever eaten. Did I also mention the gelato bar? Mmmm..a little pricier than other buffers, but worth it.
4	the buffet was "picture perfect"... i felt like i was a judge on top chef! everything was displayed and presented so beautifully!they had a number of different types of "stations": fruit, asian, omelet, meat, italian, salad, dessert, etc.the food was tasty too! some of the dishes were of course tastier than other dishes. I had like 5 plates of food... and i was there for over 2 hours! their dessert bar is amazing! :) they have a gelato bar INSIDE the buffet... their waffle cone is very tasty! i loved their chocolate covered strawberries! :) nom. nom. nom!by the way, I came here for LUNCH - $22.70
5	They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day and trust me when I say you should have that most important meal here!They had red velvet pancakes which is pretty much a no brainer of deliciousness. It wasn't too sweet which is always  a plus for me. There were 3 kinds of eggs benedicts - traditional, lobster, and I forget the third. The huevos rancheros was pretty good after the initial stinkiness of eating Mexican food in the morning. Overall the best thing on the menu were their "tasty bunz" or cinnamon buns.....seriously tasted like heaven in my mouth, especially when it's all warm with ooie gooey cinnamonny goodness =)Line is long for breakfast...for me, it seemed like a line to get into a club..but, worse..cuz I was starving!!!!!!
4	I went here today for Easter Brunch with my boyfriend and his mom for the first time. The special price of $48 per person was well worth it. They had a wide variety of deserts and cute little pots of different eggs benedicts, a variety of carved meat stations, omelets made to order, and also had a sushi, crab claws, and cold shrimp stations. They even offered bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for an addtional $7 if you wanted. I would highly suggest you save room for dessert and please check out their homemade gelato's; it was simply incredible! I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves good food with a new concept.
5	This is my favorite buffet on the strip now.  Before it was the Wynn Resorts...but now Wicked Spoon is top of my list.  In terms of quality and presentation, this is the best.  May be a bit pricey compared to others, but I think it's worth it.  Coffee is better than Starbucks and desert selection is incredible.  Sushi bar is okay...but it's the other stuff that's great.  Highly recommend.
4	All i can say is this is a well kept secret. What I mean by that is that I have not heard much talks about this buffet. For me it was cool for the price. The only draw back is no seafood. Like raw bar ish... then again I may have not come at the right times. I have only come here for breakfast and lunch. I rated this place a 4 instead of my usual 5 because the second time I came here there was this guy at the front, manager maybe who was very rude, It wasn't much he did so much what he didn't do. I had asked the ladies who were checking us in before we paid if they had the pork belly sliders in and the guy walked by in the fastest and rudest way "nope". That did not stop me from eating there cause it wasn't the only reason I wanted to eat there. I later found that they did have them there which really bothered me????
5	The anticipation was filling the air with excitement, a buffet with a new twist, what could make this so much better than the dozen of others I had been to? Just the thought of individual serving bowls and plates filled with a couple of bites of delectable cuisine made me giddy. We weren't first in line but damn near close, and once seated, we were off to explore what we had been reading about now for weeks.  I started with the Asian side and brought back my first few selections.  Everything so neat and tidy in small take out boxes.  My first bites proof that the wait was worth it.After several plates and rounds, including a personal mac and cheese creation, t was off to the deserts.  The gold leafing was impressive, the different fudge mixes all seemed too unreal, overall this was a really exceptional meal.  I say, a good place to impress.
5	Simply put, this place is sinfully delicious. Great price for a vegas buffet and tons of variety. I especially love the dessert options.
4	In competition for the 2nd or 3rd spot of the "best buffets in town" list!The first and last time I hit this place up was on my birthday! I was getting so many referrals about this place, that I had to try it with my friends and family (who've all been dying to try the spot out as well).This buffet is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel/Casino!! Dinner was $22 if I can recall? It was 18% more for each of us because of the larger party (they charge gratuity with a party of 6 or more fyi)So, one of the cool things I loved & learned was that they have their own water well, so their water comes in this beautiful glass bottle, and you serve yourself (which is convenient for me because I absolutely love H2O!) I asked the beverage server what was so great about the water, and he said that the water is purified 3 times! No wonder it felt like the best water I've ever tasted!Another part to this experience was the beauty of it all.  The food looked like the type of food you'd find on the food channel. It was more of the gourmet-type dishes, and the presentation of it all was an A-plus! I loved how the dishes were served in little pots =). The chandeliers & paintings on the walls were creative too!There were a variety of good dishes, but only some Great dishes. One of the best parts of the buffet was the mac&cheese bar, where you were to choose the ingredients, type of cheese, and macaroni shells.  The chef was absolutely hilarious & made my mac&cheese just the way I liked, which was also a good thing.And so the desserts... there were plenty of tarts, and cups of many pleasant sweets, but the best in the dessert-end (if I had to choose) would be the white chocolate covered strawberries, even though it wasn't so original. However... try this place out if you're curious, be prepared to eat your money's worth, and bring friends =D
5	What can I say? Amazing food (nothing was bad) & amazing service for a buffet at an affordable price (for buffets in Vegas that is)
5	My new favorite buffet in LV.While the individual portion servings are a novelty, they didn't really add anything to the dining experience.  But I did feel like that they had a good overall selection of entrees and the quality of the food overall was quite good.I particularly enjoyed the dessert selections (I must've had a total of 3 servings of gelato!) and the finer details of the dining experience such as the placemats, silverware, water bottles at each table, etc.
5	Best buffet in Vegas! Many dishes are served in individual warming dishes. Great selection. Could have a few more sushi choices though.
4	I've been going to Vegas buffets since I've been five years old and I haven't seen anything quite like Wicked Spoon.  It's a special buffet with inspired entrees and I hope that they will be able to maintain their creativity as time passes.What I love about this place is that they had entrees like skirt steak w/ apple fennel salad and chimichurri sauce.  They had Bone Marrow, Pork Loin, and Korean short ribs.  They had a mac and cheese bar.  They offered Louisiana grits with shrimp and braised short ribs.  I loved that they put out entrees that you'd find on the menus of legit restaurants.  I love that they plate those dishes on individual sized plates.  I love that I was able to get these dishes seconds after they were on the grill.  I thought that the entrees were really good and enjoyed them a lot.Unfortunately, seafood wasn't on the same level as the meats and their desserts are a little overrated.  The desserts were lacking a little in the flavor department.  They did have chocolate covered strawberries and gelato and chocolate covered marshmallows, but I was a little underwhelmed with them.Also...if you're the type of person that likes to load up on crab legs and shrimp when you go to buffets, then this place isn't for you either.  These items are plated on individually sized portions, so that's how they handle portion control.  I definitely would come back because I loved the entrees I had.  I really enjoyed this buffet and I think it's worth trying, especially since it's $10 cheaper than Bellagio and Wynn on the weekends.
4	Wicked Spoon was at the top of my list of places to go in vegas and i actually got a little depressed at the end of the meal when i didn't feel that 5 star feeling... I had been drooling over the pics posted by friends weeks in advance and I found myself enjoying it, but 5 days later, i can't really think of too many dishes i would go back for... But no surprise to SY, i would still give this place 4 stars. Mainly because compared to most of the other Vegas Buffets, they do have a cool concept of serving most dishes tapas style,a large selection and you can't beat the price. $29.00 for dinner is a great deal!!!Things i liked: cute sweet potato fries basket: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=iPghhy9N4azg0lP_S5HrkASalad (yes salad): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=hdhBFzkgK6B6235Cd9EpDAThat they have a mac and cheese bar: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=M2_4E_aQ9CKhPjH1w-2--Qand surprisingly the brussel sprouts were deelicious. Loved eating out of the little pans : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=Ym-lY0eK698v546Q_AzDTgCrunchy tacos were good.Sad they didn't have the raved about pork belly bun and XLB. They only had 3 types of sushi and they were all generic rolls. Crab legs were small crab claws. I had Bone Marrow for the first time- thumbs up. The desserts looked beautiful and were plenty : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xDoLAU2S10POWue58tlXBwand i grabbed a whole plateful :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=zxZDmDpWsDs2rcaWQa0ZEwBut the only thing i really liked was this lemony jelly dessert thing that was served inside of an eggshell topped with a baby macaron (mac was not great tho). Gelato was yum. Chocolate covered strawberries are always nice. I did enjoy the desserts here more than Wynn Buffet. But i remember liking the Bellagio desserts the best (but that was years ago)A little disappointing overall, but service was friendly (our waitress took the time to take pics for us and make conversation about our trip), everything was beautiful and how much fun was it to take some pics in the shoes and by the dog statues around the way.!
5	My girlfriend and I were both skeptical about any kind of Vegas buffet, but this one blew us both away.  Cinammon walnut French toast and red velvet pancakes are to die for!  If you like Mimosas or bloodies for brunch, get the bottomless option for just a few dollars more.  Well worth the trek regardless of the hotel your staying at.
4	I would definitely say this is the best buffet in Vegas (at least when I visited which was April 2011). I especially enjoyed the desserts. A couple reviewers liked the red velvet pancakes but I was indifferent about it (I'd rather have red velvet cupcakes or cake). I liked the fried chicken and the short ribs. the short ribs were nice and moist, not overcooked.If you're coming for lunch, make sure you get there before 2:30pm. After 2:30 they cut the lines off!
4	i would give this place 4.5 stars~!I usually hate to eat at buffets for the lack of quality and plain ol' junk; so~~ i decided to try this place after all the reviews on yelp.  after the major TRAFFIC from LA to vegas, i arrived at 9pm ... i was suprised that there was still LOTS of food left.  Usually when you arrive at a buffet late, they stop serving certain food, but they kept on coming and coming from the back.  I guess if your a macho man who loves FRIED CHICKEN and GREASY SAUSAGES.. this place may not be for you.  I love their decor and plating.  Doesnt really feel like a buffet but rather a nice sit down restaurant.They dont have the big snow crab legs that people look forward to at buffets but they do serve those small baby crab claws all cracked and ready to eat.  No need teeth jaw crackin' crab water all over the place! So now to the desserts..OOO YUM!!! the gelatos!!!!!!!!!!!! drools~~~chocolate covered strawberries.... drools~~~~mini french looking torte and fancy stuff on a pretty cup.... Drools~~~~enough said...
5	By far one of the best buffets out there (and I am not a fan of buffet style restaurants). It was food heaven!  and DESSERTS............ were amazing!
4	I like to try new places and read other yelp reviews. They were right on! Went for lunch...tried to make breakfast but parked in wrong part of Cosmo and took a while to find the buffet so lunch it was. Very cute. I like that everything was individually portioned in small pots and little baskets. The chinese was in little to go boxes. The wings, chicken pot pie, and bbq short ribs were tasty. There are many food options and the chocolate dipped strawberries were the size of my fist...no kidding. I would definitely recommend this buffet to anyone wanting to try something a little more unique!
4	Yes, i am a Fan of this buffet! For the price, i cannot imagine anyone doing better. A plethora of choices. Be certain to leave room for dessert...it's a separate buffet-to-die-for. If you haven't been here [yet] you really ought to and soon.
3	Eclectic choices of food. From braised brisket to make your own mac and cheese. Some of the items are the best you can find in a buffet, but most of just average or below average slop. Don't get me wrong, it's a good place to eat but if you want a great buffet this is not the place. Service was excellent as usual. The truffled potatoes were great.the chocolate covered strawberries were great too.
5	After a long walk from Aria where i parked to Cosmo and getting lost looking for the buffet I reached it. SENSORY EFFING OVERLOAD. To start off the server was a little slow off the line to bring me water and my soda because i had already came back with my food. And im one who likes to have food and soda or whatever while  i eat. Well he did redeem himself.I was a little nervous when i read how some things are preportioned but ya know thats bad ass. The chicken in its own basket. Sweet potato fries in a basket. The Gen Tso chicken in a take out box. The theme kicked ass. And because i ate a little less of EVERYTHING i got to actually Eat EVERYTHING. From the first salad station all the way down to the dessert, Which Hot damn make your own Strawberry short cakes. And i went for brunch minus the alcohol because i was driving. I will be back in the near future when i venture onto the strip and want a great buffet and a reasonable price for the STRIP. The decor is pretty nice to and they play good music. In my book the desserts werent overly sweet and they have enough to satisfy anyones palate.
5	The Mother of Vegas buffets!  High class!
5	I am very selective when it comes to writing up a 5 star review for a restaurant. Usually this needs to be earned through multiple visits, but I have to say that I was blown away by this buffet. It is not just your typical buffet where selection is the key factor in its success. The Wicked Spoon earns its stripes due to the stylishness that it presents its dishes. You feel like the offerings here are items that could be served a la carte at a great restaurant, as opposed to being just one choice in a buffet line.First off, the ambiance in the RESTAURANT sets the tone. You actually have placemats for your plates and water is presented in a large glass bottle.I went to Wicked Spoon for the dinner buffet ($29) and was amazed by the menu offerings. I like that this place does not stick to a certain menu. If the preparation for a dish is not good, they are willing to chuck it in favor of something else. But what struck me is that this place may take something as simple as mac & cheese and jazz it up with a gourmet spin. It also helps that they serve it in untypical individual pot dishes. It makes you feel like it was made specifically for you. A departure from those large buffet servers.They have a variety of cuisines offered here. Asian, Italian and Creole notably are featured. Again, I like the little touches here. I love that they put the curry tofu into a mini Chinese takeout box. This place also introduced me to the concept of charcuterie which I was familiar, but yet to try. And I have to say pork rillettes is one of my new favorite food things.Nothing at the Wicked Spoon seems typical. That would be obvious by the offering of a selection of chocolates and gelato at the desserts table. When have you ever seen gelato at a buffet? I love the Wicked Spoon because it makes me feel like I am dining at a great restaurant rather than a buffet.
2	The rave reviews around this buffet has made it out to be legen, wait for it, I hope your not lactose intolerant, DARY! A group of nine came in here for a joint birthday after hearing that it was an amazing treat. Some of us got there early in case there was a line, but were greeted with five or six people queuing at any given moment. We decided to go downstairs, get a few drinks, and chill at the Vesper bar while the rest of our party gathered.Eventually everyone made it for the 6 o'clock dinner appointment. The cashier was very patient with us as we sorted out our bill. Some had cards, while others had cash. Not once did she cringe or look put out. That was a good start. The weekend dinner was $35 dollars, add tax and the 18% gratuity for a large party, and it comes out to $45 per person. The service was quick and attentive, so the gratuity was deserved, but the food selection does not warrant the price. The few specialty items such as the truffle potatoes, bone marrow, ratatouille, and lamb were delicious. Chinese food is like a salad bar, meant to fill you up and cost them nothing. I cannot help, but make a stop at this station when visiting a buffet. It pains me to say that the best dish offered at this station was the General Tsao Chicken. The kalbi was mediocre in flavor, but had a great charred crust. The consideration of removing the complete shell on the shrimp made for quick eating, but the cocktail sauce has no zest. The crab claws had a nice briny taste which I enjoy in seafood. The ceviche was good, but not spectacular. The most disappointing part of the whole experience was the dessert island. They are all visually astonishing, but lacked in pleasurableness to the palate. The chocolate strawberries were plump and juicy, but the chocolate did not contribute anything to it. The salted peanut gelato was my favorite. The creamy streaks of caramel, vanilla base, and bits of salted peanuts reminded me of a Payday. The balance of flavors were exquisite. The pistachio, lemon, and mint were also delicious. Be careful of the lemon, because it is pucker inducing. Overall, you can do one of the other buffets for a fraction of the price and be satisfied.
2	Went to the Wicked Spoon on a Sunday night. Their price has recently gone up to $35. I think there are other buffets in Vegas which have better tasting food for less price. At first, the small dish thing looks nice. But here are some of my observations.  Because most of the dishes are in its own small dish, all the food seems to be cold, from the lobster bisque I had to potato gatin.. also, since they are already portioned out, there is no way for you to try just a bite to see what something tastes like. So I ended up taking, but only taking one small bite and not finishing the rest because it either did not taste to my liking. Waste of food. The other thing is that there is only so many small dishes you can carry. So you end up taking a lot of trips to the bar.There were 3 things I really wanted to try from reading the reviews here... the crab claws, risotto, shu-mai.  None of those things were available. In general, most of the dishes were very salty or very sweet.  The lamb at the carving table was really tough and not edible. And the chocolate used in the desserts seemed like plastic.For me the best dishes were the cold shrimp cocktail (the shimp was bing and plump), and the spinach salad. Other than that, the food you get at the buffet at Green Valley Ranch is much more tasty (and cheaper too!)
5	Awesome brunch buffet! The atmosphere's great too. It's not everyday you can listen to classic rock while at a buffet =)Not everything comes in huge bowls with a serving spoon, a lot of food is divided to single servings too.
5	I personally feel this is the best buffet in Vegas. I went here for Sunday Brunch on Mother's day and was pleasantly surprised by the selection and quality of food. This buffet offers a wide selection but some of the stars were the bone marrow, the lamb, the asparagus and beet salad. Not to mention, the crab claws were big and flavorful. The waiter was extremely friendly and never let our champagne glasses get empty! Major plus... All in all, I have to say I really enjoyed my experience at Wicked Spoon and would definitely come back again.
4	On the way back stateside, while somewhere over the Atlantic, I had an epiphany. I was tired of eating bangers and mash. I asked the pilot to drop me off in Vegas. I was heading back home from Jolly Old England where I was invited to some Royal Wedding. Other than the fact that I was indiscriminately throwing up dubs in the air through out the procession, shit was mind numbingly boring. I think I developed restless leg syndrome because of it. Talking mad shit to Oprah, who I guess snuck in, was fun too. That Kate girl is pretty. The prince, though, homeboy isn't aging very well. He did real good in locking that chick up. Kudos. Game respects game. I give it 3 years. I'm an optimist. It's fancy inside. Tap water served in fancy glass bottles. Very Chic.Some of the nice looking  individually served tapas style dishes at Wicked Spoon were like the wedding....bland and a pain in the ass to sit through. But, some of the other things, were so good, that I forgot about the wedding.The selection did seem somewhat limited, however.   That's just a heads up for you Vegas buffet fanatics that like to sneak out food from.  I'm looking in your direction, Filipinos.  I got eyes on you.
4	The presentation and plating at this buffet were great, although most of the food looked better than it tasted.  There were a few delicious dishes...the red velvet pancakes were yummy, as was the Korean bbq.  There were also tons of yummy desserts.  While it wasn't my favorite, I would definitely go back.
4	Let me begin by saying I hate buffets.  I don't want to eat a huge amount of food in a sitting and I don't like that the food is often basic and boring made to appeal to the masses.  So when I give Wicked Spoon 4 stars, that's crazy-high praise. And you'll see that I clearly had a totally ridiculous amount of food. And needed a big nap for the next few hours.We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights and were allowed to enter both mornings for free so we visited the breakfast buffet twice.  For Elite Marriott members, the hotel does not offer a club-level breakfast so this is the amazing concession.  Got in line around 9:30A the first morning and it was a 20-30 minute wait.  Asked the cashier if we could go right in but were told we needed to wait in line.  No worries, but we did see others ask the same question and get seated right away.  Mentioned that the 2nd day since we got up a bit later and the line was a bit longer and the cashier said we were supposed to jump to the front of the line.  So, I guess it all depends upon who is working the register.Both mornings, it took a while to be seen by a server for our drink order and our dirty plates were never removed until we left.  Seems they have way too many tables per server.  Service gets a 1(at best) and isn't factored in to the rating since it's a small part of the experience.SO many choices.  I had read about the Red Velvet Pancakes and got one of those with some sour-creamy warm icing on the side. Turns out the pancake alone was dry and very boring.  Oops, forgot about that frosting which made it phenomenal.  What is in that stuff??!They had 3 varieties of Eggs Benedict in adorable little individual pans.  I tried 2 different types the 2 different days and both were awesome.  One had a biscuit, one had tender pork, both I recommend.Tons of fresh fruit.  I must have had half a plate of berries.  Yum, yum, yum.  Also small cups of different fruit smoothies.Nice smoked salmon area with a few varieties and all the accoutrements.Best thing on the entire buffet were the warm cinnamon buns.  My husband (who is not into sweets at breakfast AT ALL) agreed.They have the chef making the custom omelets which always has a line in every buffet, the bacon and sausages, potatoes and a bazillion other items.Turns out the items I had the first day, I pretty much repeated the next day because it was all terrific.
5	Have you ever ate so much bone marrow that you felt like your arteries were getting clogged? I have. That stuff is really really heavy! Sad thing is.. it was just two bones before I felt that disgusting. Yup. Anyway, for a buffet, this place was excellent! Crab claws pre-shelled were fresh. The chorizo-infused salmon was great. The prime rib was a little overcooked for my taste, but not bad. And bone marrow at a buffet? That's the first time I've ever seen that. And all the side dishes like ceviche, skirt steak, were great, as well. You know what was probably the best thing there, though? Korean short ribs. Weird.. this is the first buffet that got an Asian dish right!Desserts were okay, but not great.. but I was way too full by that point to care!
5	With my vast experience (this place plus the Mirage), I can definitively say this buffet is the best value on the Strip.  Weekend brunch is $26, $35 with unlimited boozies (mimosa or bloody mary).The first thing I noticed about Wicked Spoon was that it had Class.  Placemats, nice silverware, glass carafes of water on the table...and that was just the beginning.  I became fairly obsessed over their dishware over the two hours I was there - the small square bowls for salads, the mini fryer baskets for the wings, the ying-yang condiment bowls, the espresso cups for the gelato, the metal creamer "milk carton", the mini lidded sautee pans for baked items...oh my god I could go on and on.But onto the food...oh the food.  I did not expect such quality and variety from a $26 buffet - my favorite highlights:-salami and cheese selection-watercress and burrata salad-made to order omelets-gnocchi-a dozen (!!) flavors of gelato-dessert dessert dessert!
4	I know buffet sounds cheesy, but this is not like any normal buffet.  This buffet is in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and worth a try just for the "huge" I mean the size of my hand "huge" chocolate covered strawberries (I've included pics).  Every dessert I tried was divine.  Yes, I had a few samplings.  Besides, the dessert table, the food was equally delicious.  They had a smorgasbord of every ethnic dish to desire your craving.   There were several restaurants inside the Cosmopolitan, but this one was memorable.  Now there are many fine dining in Vegas, many I would give 5 stars to, but I'm not reviewing those.    As for buffet, this was one of the best I've experience.  If you're the poor chump stuck at some conference at the Cosmo and can't leave the hotel then I recommend this place.
4	I recently had the pleasure of dining at the Wicked Spoon for dinner and was again impressed with the quality of the food. Their meat selection included lamb, prime rib, korean bbq short ribs, turkey, and roasted chicken. They also had crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and assorted varieties of sushi. One thing that has declined since my last visit was the dessert section. There was not much variety - mostly strawberry short cake, chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered marshmallows, and gelato. Prices seem to have gone up a few dollars, but the buffet's prices are still on par with the other higher end buffet offerings on the strip (Bellagio, Aria, Planet Hollywood, Paris, BUT not Wynn - Wynn's still the priciest).Service has also improved, since my last visit. Seeing as how this was my third trip to Wicked Spoon, I can proclaim it to be one of the best buffets on the strip - for some off strip action check out the M Resort's Studio B Buffet.
4	We went for the breakfast buffet and my lasting impression is WHAT A LOT OF MEAT haha!  This is no bad thing for me, but I think they could include a lot more fruit.  Anyway what I had was delicious.  Eggs done just the way I liked them, awesome bacon and sausages, ham on the bone, granola, fruit smoothie, two types of smoked salmon - yeah I really pigged out but at $17 for breakfast you have to!
3	Wicked Spoon was not wicked at all. Living in Vegas, you come to realize its a city of excessiveness, but there's nothing wrong with that at all living in the City of Sin! Buffets are great for a large group with different tastes.  I was really pumped up to try this place and we finally did on Mother's Day. Dinner was 40 dollars a person, but mother's received free mimosas, champagne and bloody mary's.  I thought it was a bit pricey, but they like to bump up prices for any of the holidays. Food wise a lot of the items that I got were cold before I even went back to my seat. My favorites for the night was the shrimp cocktail and the truffle mashed potatoes. WAIT....the chocolate covered strawberries were pretty dang delicious too. Other than that, everything was just mediocre. Overall, service was your typical buffet service. Food was alright, not that many selections if you think about it....they just make it look prettier with the lil pots and plates. At 40 dollars a head for Mother's Day, I didn't think it was worth it, but that is just MY opinion. Overall, the Cosmo is an awesome place to just walk around and we will be back.
5	I want to go back to Vegas not for the gambling or amazing shows, but for the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I went one Saturday evening before seeing a show, and were absolutely blown away at the food. It was not your typical buffet, where there are just vats of food available, but each item was ingeniously placed in individual serving bowls.  This limits not only waste, but allows one to try many items since you are not filling up on any one particular item. But the orechiette pasta in tomato sauce? Sounds plain but OMG!!!! Or the gnocchi in lobster ragu? Fantastic! And then there are the desserts....oh so fabulous. This place was so good, we decided to go back for breakfast the next morning!
4	Some elites will argue with me on this, but I honestly love this buffet.  They have various foods you don't find at any other, like bone marrow, for example.  Given that they place most food portions in either mini pots or frying baskets, or small plates, I like it.  Personally, I like keeping my food separate so they don't mix in together, so their style suits me well.  It's also for freshness reasons.  Imagine a large vat of salad like you see at most buffets.  Notice how the bottom part of it ends up soggy?  With the small plates of salad, for example, when placed in individual plates, it stays fresher and doesn't get all yucky.  Saves them money that way, too.  The dessert table was my favorite.  I loved everything they served. Great variety, lovely atmosphere and good food.
5	It's official - I have a new favourite buffet in town. For months now I have been mourning the fact that I rarely get to go to M Resort's Studio B because of next to no options for my vegetarian wife - my experience at The Wicked Spoon has made me forget all about it.Firstly, if you're a vegetarian like my wife, don't worry about some reviews you see here saying that there's nothing for vegetarians - you'll be more than fine. There's a stack of options for everyone and even the things that you would consider "sides" are quite incredible. By "vegetarian" here I mean ACTUAL vegetarian, not the "vegetarians" who "eat fish or chicken".Now, on to the main body of the review. We had no idea this buffet even existed. I had always thought The Cosmopolitan was yet another tower of condos, but it's a fully fledged casino with restaurants and everything.This buffet is much different from anything you've seen in Vegas before. There are no giant troughs of food to scoop from here, but individual portions in little pans and covered pots. Most of the time when I go to a buffet I end up eating a lot of about two or three things that I find I like - here EVERYTHING was great. Leek Bread Pudding? A SAVOURY bread pudding? I hate the dessert version of this dish, but this was awesome. I'd never even heard the word "succotash" before this meal unless is was preceded by the word "suffering" in a Warner Brothers cartoon, but this was great. How are -vegetables- "great" on a buffet? There were so many things to see and try here that looked different and interesting that by the time I had loaded up on all my swag the first things I had taken were cold. Next time I think I'll get one thing at a time.My only lament is that they don't let you go home for a few hours before you tackle dessert, because the options here are impressive ,too, with a great gelato station, huge chocolate-covered strawberries, an assortment of mini chocolate desserts, mousses, cookies and even some jazzed-up peanut butter cups and Kit-Kats.At 35 bucks per head for dinner this place isn't cheap, but it's a real experience. I've found myself extremely burned out with buffets over the past year or so, but Wicked Spoon has really thrown me a curveball. It's a different concept with interesting choices beyond the standard buffet fare. Even if you usually avoid buffets, this place is different enough that you have to try it for yourself.Definitely the best buffet on the main Strip area and quite possibly the best in the valley.
5	I like it better than the Bellagio Buffet. There I said it.  It's about two-thirds of the price and the selection in my book is just as good. I felt less like some weird trespasser into the realm of gourmet food and more like I was being invited to try some dishes that put a s pin on the normal buffet favorites. I like the fact that you select your dish and it is there in a mini pot or pan. It keeps the food warm/cool and means that your food doesn't end up on soem weird buffet heap. Besides, the small portions are perfect for tasting/sampling and you can always go back for more. I liked the various options - Red Velvet Pancakes for brunch. Delicious. The variety is not the Rio buffet, where you can literally probably find every food you can ever imagine, but it flowed well and there was certainly enough that I didn't feel bad for paying my $26 per person.
4	The scene: Saturday night dinner ~830pm.  I like it better than the Bellagio buffet but not as much as the Wynn--but I haven't been to the Wynn in maybe 6 months.  Wicked Spoon doesn't feel like a buffet.  The decor is high end, you eat with nice silverware and a place mat.  They leave a bottle of in-house filtered water at the table.  There are a lot of items with short rib in it--pasta, pizza, etc (always a good thing).  Also, several lamb items.  The prime rib was good--they don't over cook it like some buffets, it was a nice medium rare.  The polenta with mushrooms is amazing.  The whole fried prawns from the Chinese station seemed cold in the middle?  The mango sorbet was amazing, the chocolate covered strawberries, as well.  The buffet is a giant, I didn't even get to one wing of the buffet, I was so stuffed.  I would definitely go back again.  I like that they serve many of the dishes in individual mini metal pans with lids.   They keep the food warm longer when you are piling copious amounts of food on your plate--consumption of which will at most buffets result in the last few items being cold.  The other thing I like about this buffet is that the offerings are more unusual than what you usually get.  They still offer the standbys like prime rib and snow crab legs, but also Korean beef salad, bone marrow, and lamb ribs.
1	I went there last week because of all the rave reviews on Yelp. Well, these reviewers should have their taste buds checked by professional doctors! The food variety is limited; the food sat out there too long in small pots and all dried up; limited Chinese food and no sushi to speak of-spicy tuna is all you get; the crab legs are too small; carved meats too tough; lobster bisque is all cornstarch and no lobster. The dessert is the only section that's decent. I should have gone to Bellagio which is still the best on the strip.
2	Came here for Sunday Brunch and unfortunately I hate to say it but I wasn't impressed. Wynn is much better here especially for lunch. Paid $28 or so for Sunday brunch.I was expecting great things considering a lot of awesome reviews and also how beautiful and how well done the rest of the hotel was. However, the buffet was a dissapointment (well in comparison to all other buffets in Vegas). My main gripe was selection was very limited. Also nothing really blew me away in terms of food.Would I go back? Not for lunch but maybe to try dinner.
3	For $35 per person, I thought it could be better.  There is a good selection of food, although they are weak in the sushi dept. I think most good buffets in Vegas should have good rolls, but this one only had 2 or 3 very bland rolls. The different fish dishes were good....I liked the grilled cod. The thing about this buffet is that many of their dishes are in little dishes or pans that are too large to put on your plate, so you have to keep going back and forth to your table to put the mini pans/dishes down and go get more food.  They have a very good dessert section, but comparable to other LV buffets like the Rio's.  Oh, and one more weird thing is that it's not easy to find...you need to go to the 2nd level and walk quite a bit around the floor to finally get there. And don't forget to pay before you line up to get seated (many people got in line to get seated, only to realize you have to pay first and show the receipt in order to get seated). That was a bit confusing and none of the employees seemed to guide the guests on that procedure even though about 5 parties in front of us made that mistake (including us!).
2	For $35 (not including tax and tip) dinner buffet at the Cosmopolitan, I really expected a lot better. Everything comes in tiny individual size pots and portions, but the quality of the food selection is lacking. I was really disappointed in especially the Asian cuisine sections. The Chinese section tasted like something you get from a Chinese fast food place, nothing authentic at all. The Japanese section consisted of only three rolls: california roll, shrimp tempura roll, and something else. The roll even fell apart when i picked it up. The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section. There's a HUGE dessert section and everything looks so beautiful and sweet. But after one bite of each item, it didn't make me want to finish the dessert. The only things I liked in the desserts were the chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered marshmallows, gelato, and tiramisu. I wouldn't come here again for $35.
4	mMmmm probably one of the better buffets I've been to. $30 for dinner on a Saturday night.Service was good, plates were consistently cleared out and water was filled at all times =)I love the silverware and how the water was bottled =PFood quality is pretty above average. I love the portion control and the presentation.Some of my favorites:- braised beef : very tender and full of flavor- cheesy potatoes w/ truffle : yummm, very delicious- crab claw cocktail : juicy claw meat - shrimp cocktail: delicious sauce - miso salmon : cooked perfectlydessert selection is pretty impressive too! They have chocolate covered strawberries, however I wasn't too fond of the stuff they added, like little crispy chocolates, I would have enjoyed it better plain. Also, they serve beer and wine!
4	So everyone is talking about the little dishes and that you can get more if you feel the portion size is too small.  Well, let me tell you the little dish concept is great but they still have an enormous amount of food in them.  We couldn't always eat everything in the dish.  Someone gave a tip on the gnocci and I agree it was one of the best I've had.  The selection is amazing and while I'm not a huge dessert person, I did save room and was glad I did. From homemade kit kat bars to real italian gelatos to key lime mini pies and all the pretty foo foo desserts, it was amazing.  Wish we had come a little later so we could try the Asian selection that comes out closer to lunch time.  Ironically, their chimichurri for the prime rib was the best I've ever had - including my own!  A free bloody mary or champagne makes the price tag of $22 for a weekday brunch a great deal.  I liked it better than the Wynn buffet.
3	Friends and I decided to give this new buffet a try after hearing all the great reviews.  I had gotten no more than 5 hours of sleep over the course of 48 hours (combination of work, partying, gambling, and attending a conference).  After Monday's seminar headed back to my room at the Palazzo and decided to find some food.  I wanted to dine at L'Atelier but my buddy isn't a huge fan of French and wanted to dine at a casual restaurant.  We couldn't come to a conclusion as to where to go so I threw out Wicked Spoon.  Valet'ed the car and proceeded to look for the buffet.  There are some signs that point you in the general direction but of course we got lost.  Ended up asking the security guard where the place was and we were told to back track and head up the escalator (they need to have more signs for new visitors).  Was surprised to find the place fairly empty (perhaps it was due to the fact that it was a Monday and we were eating at around 6:30).  I was told by various cab drivers that the food quality is just so so but they really do spend time on the presentation of all their dishes.Tried various dishes and found some that I liked and others that were just average.  My complaints for the night were with a few of the desserts and also with their roast beef/prime rib.  The beef served was tougher than what I'd find at Norm's and had virtually no taste at all.  I did fall in love with their bean sprout dish (seasoned with seasame oil, vinegar, and soy sauce..i think).  Their gelato/ice creams were average but they had these huge chocolate covered strawberries.  Servie was ok and noticed our waiter only taking away 2-3 plates at a time...homie needs a bigger tray or hire more people to help clear the tables.  There were several times where we had stacks of plates just sitting in front of us while the server just casually walked around carrying drinks or just 1-2 dishes on his tray.  As others have stated, this buffet is very affordable at $35/ person.  Will go back again if I'm ever in the mood for a buffet.
4	I went here for dinner on an empty stomach and ate a lot...but I wanted to eat more since I couldn't try all of their tasty looking foods~ ($75.67 for two).Oh, it was kinda weird because you pay first, and the guy at the front was like, do you want to leave the tip now, or after? O_o Why would I leave it BEFORE my meal when I don't even know how the service was? The dessert selection is extensive. So much to choose from...I wanted to eat it all. LoL.I guess I just have to go back so I can try the other things~
5	I give this place 5 stars for their ice cream bar and desert station.ice cream bar has over 20 flavors and you can request to have then in a little cup made like waffle cone with chocolate cover in the inside.  I tried pistachio, coconut and Tiramitsu.they also has huge strawberry cover with chocolate and so many more attractive looking desert.the desert here are small portion but looks good and taste good.other food are good but didn't leave me long lasting memory.went for brunch and they have option of adding $8 more to have all you can drink mimosa or champagne.
4	Yay for buffets! My friends and I came here after reading the reviews and we figured this place is only hyped up so we had to try it... you have to walk forever just to get to it (we learned later that this long walk came in handy after the meal) The decor is really nice and the staff us super friendly. They clean your plates asap and are really good about bringing the drinksSelection is fairly good especially the desserts! Here's a list if my faves-Korean short ribs-Watercress salad-Gnocci-Gelato-Choco covered strawberries...minus the oreos-Prime rib-Shrimp-Beef and Chinese broccoli (however, I only like the broccoli because its Chinese broccoli-My friend said the general Tso chicken was good and so was the salmonThey also have a whole slab of bacon... that they cut for you in thick slices.. ZOMG yummmmI would pass on the sushi though. the rice us kind of hard and the selection sucks. Also Mac n cheese... Below what I expected. My least favorite was their eggs Benedict.... Too runny and too roughOverall awesome experience although still prefer planet hollywood
4	$35 for dinner - totally worth it!This is a buffet located inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. My friends and I arrived before 5 PM so we didn't have to wait in line for too long. I really like the unique style of this buffet! A lot of the food comes in individualized portions in cute little pots and pans! Super cute! And I guess it also helps you with portion control if that's your thang... but it's probably not if you're coming to a buffet. hahah..They have a pretty good selection of food. Crab legs were okay, lamb was tasty, kalbi was surprisingly pretty good, and they even had bone marrow! Crazy! But honestly I was not a fan of the bone marrow. I felt like I was eating globs of fat served in a bone. Blehh but I admit, it's very unique so I applaud Wicked Spoon for that! I absolutely loved the fresh mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes. If you're a fan of caprese, you will love this. They also have a mac and cheese bar you can take advantage of. Everything else was pretty standard. My favorite part was the dessert bar. I ooh-ed and aah-ed at the display of all the beautiful desserts! There was a wide variety of chocolatey things, tart things, fruity things, etc. I loveddd the lemon jello/custard dessert with the pine nuts and mini macaron on top! MMM! They also have gigantic chocolate covered strawberries and a gelato bar among many other sweets.
3	came about 1015am, short line, had both breakfast and lunch so a complete brunch for the price of breakfast. sweet! the omelet line is always long but since we were catching the end of breakfast, the lines became shorter. i'm not an avid buffet eater so idk what's out there now. but when in rome... anyway, i was excited to see salmon as a choice for my omelet. yay and yum! the breakfast selections were vast and they have 4 sections for their food. the lunch session wasn't as memorable. we ate with two other avid buffet eaters and they were impressed with wicked spoon and how good they were. their dessert selection was pretty awesome. the selections were wide but the quality was mediocre. the wait staff, i asked for a glass of apple juice after i saw them getting the boy's order. nobody came. i had to ask 3x to get a glass of juice. the buffet room was not busy. at all. what happened?we stayed for 2 hours. we made it worth it. it was a-ok
2	Yelped into this one again; should have figured when all the photos were of sweets an not food; sorry, came for the food; an it was "ok" ; but for dinner 37.50 per person not worth it; it's a mere 25.00 max worth it. I would stay away an do the sure bets like wynn an bellagio. Rude also to ask for a tip before service is given.
4	This buffet is not like any I've ever been to before.  They plate servings of their food on individual plates; you won't find any large trays of food sitting above blue flames here!  Also, every item of food sounds like something that could be on a menu at a nice restaurant.  Between me and my girlfriend, we tried a lot of the dishes, and I found that around 50% of the things I tried were delicious.  The other 50% were usually either too bland or too salty.  That being said, this was my first time at the Wicked Spoon, so I didn't really know what was good and what to avoid.My favorite was the gnocchi, which was rich and creamy (almost ricotta status) and came in a creamy meat sauce.  The crab legs were cooked in lemon, butter and thyme, and it was very tasty and well cooked.  I had heard about the wonderful bone marrow, and I definitely love myself some osso bucco, but honestly, bone marrow by itself is not my cup of tea.  Maybe if I had thought to spread it on some french bread, my opinion would change, but alas, I did not think of it at the time.  General Tsao's chicken was good for the diner who doesn't like to stray from his/her Panda Express-comfort-zone.  Despite high expectations, truffled potatoes were just potatoes to my palate.  Green gazpacho was too acidic; I would forget the novelty and use red tomatoes next time.  I don't remember which pizza I tried, but ignoring the slightly stale-tasting crust, it was quite delicious; would definitely want to try this freshly baked.  This is all I can remember right now; if I remember anything else, I will add it on later.I was disappointed that I didn't read all the reviews about the wonders of the dessert bar beforehand, because we didn't allow any stomach vacancy for sweets.  We meant to... but I'm a savory guy at heart, and it's hard to stop myself when there's so much to try.Bottom line:  I don't know if $35 is high or low for a nice, Vegas buffet, but (once my next paycheck gets cashed) I would hop right back in line at the Wicked Spoon, and go straight for the standouts from my last visit.  AND, I would save room for dessert!
2	Overrated. By serving everything tapas-style, Wicked Spoon has essentially increased the surface area of all dishes, allowing for maximum heat lamp dry-age. Yay.
3	This place definitely has enough selection.  However, the fish dishes were a bit disappointing.  The dessert looks very cool but tastes horrible... Service was slow... it's a struggle to get your coke refilled...I would give it a try if you have never been, but I do not think I'll be going back.
2	The overall concept is cool where you can get individual sized portions, but that's just a gimmick.  I can see it working from a standpoint of people taking more than they can eat and then not finishing, but it's also a pain to fill up your plate with 4 other plates or pots or whatever they are and then have to keep running back up to get something else.  It's their way to have you pay more for less.  Desserts are desserts, I don't need to fill up on that, I'd rather have lots of food selection than worry about how many desserts there are.  I agree with the one poster where if you see that's all people are posting in pictures, then there's probably a reason for it.  Since I'm not glued to going to the Strip and live in Vegas, I'd rather go to the M where at least you get free alcohol and I can pile my plate up to my heart's content.Nice concept, poor execution.
5	BEST BRUNCH BUFFET EVER. :DI've only come for the brunch on Saturdays/Sundays which is only $26 & if you want the all you can drink mimosa's & bloody marys its just a $9 extra. I loved the korean bbq short ribs, creamed corn (best creamed corn ever), cinnamon french toast, all the delicious foods in the mini pan pots & for dessert, their huge chocolate covered strawberries & seasonal mini apples dipped in chocolate were to die for!! Those mini apples covered w/ white & milk chocolate were soooooooo amazing!! I was so full after the breakfast & lunch foods that I was stuffed by the time I got to dessert but those mini apples were so good, I couldn't help eating a couple. :P I love the interior design of Wicked Spoon Buffet as well. Most beautifully decorated. Everything from the really nice & prompt waiters/waitresses, such a variety of delicious & great quality food to choose from, classy design, & being spotlessly clean...it's no wonder people from all over the world have been coming to see what all the raves about. :)
5	I'd like to start by saying that my fiance and I, along with our maid of honor and best man, went to the Wicked Spoon buffet almost 2 months ago, but it left such a great impression on me that I have to Yelp about it.In general I think Vegas buffets are all the same: same food, same dessert, same outrageous prices, etc.  I had read some reviews about this place, however, and thought I'd give it a shot.  I am *SO* glad I did.Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel and casino, where the nightclub Marquee is located.  We went at 11:30AM for brunch, which cost $26/person (not bad at all).  There was a very short wait, about 5 minutes.  When we got to our table, we were greeted by a nice lady who took our drink orders, and we all dashed to get food.  Okay, seriously?: red velvet pancakes???  I haven't gotten anything half as delicious at any other boring Vegas buffet.  Also, the buffet featured pad thai and kung pao chicken (not the Costco kind, either! This was fresh and well done.) which was delicious.They also had different kinds of fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, gelatto... just, wow.**Special note:  The night prior to our brunch, we had discovered that our maid of honor had been cheating on her husband, our best man, for the past 9 months.  It ruined the entire trip.  Thankfully, our brunch was so amazing that none of us brought up what a hoe-bag she is.  I mean, if this buffet can distract you that well, it is definitely worth it.Can't wait to go back.  This time without the group setting.
3	I dig the Cosmo - the restaurants, the lounges , the overall vibe of the place.  The gf decided she wanted to hit the Cosmo buffet today so of course, I'm game.It was a dange long walk from the parking structure to da spoon - no where near the other food places - why ?Place was hopping even late in the day.  GF opted for the extra champagne/ mimosa option ( + $8 ) - found out later it wasn't champagne but instead sparkling wine ( proseca ) - might be  little nit picky but if it's not champagne, so don't call it champagne.As to the food - i liked the concept but in the whole scheme of "high end" Strip buffets - the options were limited. Highs - french toast w/ berries; the ribs, braised short ribs, cheeses.lows - breads ( limited options and stale ) ; no crab legs  ( WTF ! ) ; desserts ( too much chocolate ) ; eggs benedict.
5	After trying many buffets in Vegas, this is by far the BEST one ever!!! It isn't overpriced considering how fancy the Cosmopolitan is in general and the quality of the food is just amazing. This buffet knows the beauty of portion control and that alone is worth the experience...rather than set up the food in mountains of food like other places, the food is plated in the perfect sized portions! Even the water they brought to the table was super crisp and palette cleansing. The waitress we had was very attentive and never let our glasses get empty. For the price, this place is worth every penny. It's kind of hidden in the Cosmo, but its worth the hunt. Perfection!
5	BEST buffet I have had so far in Vegas!!! Much better than the one at Wynn.My friends and I went there on a Thursday night and it wasn't crowded at all. I love their individual plates and awesome dessert selection! Our server was super nice and friendly. Their decor is modern and chic. Food wise, two of my favorites are the bone marrow, and creamed corn. You have to save some room for their desserts! I definitely want to go there again next time I am in town.
5	An excellent buffet that caters to noveau foodies and art lovers.  For being a buffet, the desserts are essentially art.  Wonderful flavors, concoctions, pairings, and choices.  And, I love that they had marrow.  Such a delicious treat!  Everything great has been said about this buffet, so I will just leave it at that.
3	I've been sitting on this review for a couple weeks, and it was because I was uninspired to write.  The experience was just that.  I was not exactly jumping for joy for this buffet.  The presentation was unique and fun, but after closer inspection, a lot of it looked stagnant and sitting there too long.  If I did end up trying it, it was just average in flavor.Eaten:- Stir fried veggies and beef - meh...- Steam Bao and Pork  - interesting.  it was like a banh mi flavored bao.- Deep Fried Breaded Chicken Wings - crunchy. tasty.- Spicy Sausage - this was juicy and spicy.  - Fresh Carved Bacon - juicy and fatty.- Pork Belly Fried Rice - pork belly in general makes me jump for joy.  this was joyless.- Truffle Infused Potatoes - truffle is another jump for joy item, but could barely taste any essence of truffle.- Berry Cheesecake Gelato - no cheesecake flavor.  it was like vanilla icecream with berry swirled in.- Chocolate Mousse Mini Waffle Cone with White Chocolate Sphere - meh....Considered but chosen not to eat due to poor looking texture:Soggy looking Sticky Buns, Red Velvet Pancakes, French Toast.  Coagulated Eggs Benedict as well as other sauce looking items.Should have tried but had no more room:Made to order omeletsCONCLUSION:Inspirational presentation without the matching inspirational average flavors and textures. Though I would have thought that prime time brunch at 10:30 am would have presented with the best and the freshest food around, it was definitely not the case for a lot of items here.  I shied away from several items because they looked like they have been sitting there for a while (i.e. sauce coagulating).  It was good for a first experience at a new buffet, but it may be my last as well.
5	I love how there was NO WAIT when I was dying of hunger (that alone deserved 5 stars).  I was SHOCKED.  We're so used to waiting in line forever everywhere in Vegas.The presentation of this place was really spectacular.  Almost everything was presented in a little pot or dish.  So you can only get maybe 4 items each time (because you run out of space to hold in your hand).  But that was fine.  It forced me to idolize their presentation and taste each dish instead of swallowing everything down like there's no tomorrow at my typical buffet visit.  The cauliflower puree and bone marrow were two of my favorites.Although the presentation "looked" really good, but to be honest, the food had some hit or misses... I'm a BIG fan of soup, so when I discovered there were only miso soup and tomato bisque, I was a bit disappointed.Other than that, I don't really have too much to complaint about.  The service here was great, too.
5	I have had many buffets and there are many I thought were the best.  However, this was by far the best buffet I've eaten at.  The food was so fresh.  The recipies were so flavorful.  The variety was unreal.  It was fancy food as well like crab and shrimp varieties.  I would say it is enjoyable for everyone.
3	I'll keep it short and sweet! The presentation of their food is beautiful. But Wynn still wynns ( ;) ) when it comes to quality.
4	The Wicked Spoon is so much fun! For starters it's in the Cosmopolitan so making the trek through the swanky hotel makes you feel like you just stepped onto the set of Sex and the City. Not knowing this, we were a teensy bit under dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. We went on a Tuesday night and there was absolutely no wait. The buffet is on the higher priced side for Vegas at $35 a pop, but everything is so cute it's worth it. They've got a huge range of dishes from the regular stuff like prime rib and crab legs to Chinese food to cheese grits to kal-bi. I was a little disappointed in their sushi section, which was very small and lackluster. These pre-made tossed salads in individual portions is a cute idea, but was soggy by the time you picked one up. May I suggest a salad bar attendant who makes you a custom salad like the mac and cheese guy who mixed you a custom mac and cheese on the spot? The dessert bar is definitely the highlight of the buffet! It's huge and have every kind of fancy dessert you can think of (macaroons MIA though). The best thing on the dessert bar was the chocolate orange souffle, which was amazing! I also enjoyed the gelato bar. You've gotta try the toasted peanut and biscotti, I'm having a craving just thinking about it. I need a Wicked Spoon in a city near me!!
5	Go in expecting tapas-style dinning. I really enjoyed all the food and would recommend the buffet and the hotel as well.
5	came here twice around 11am on a weekday. gnocchi was delicious, as were several other dishes. quality is high and would definitely come back again. had sea bass and salmon, cauliflower that was tasty, and their gelato.
4	Great variety and above average quality for a buffet. Excellent prime rib and desserts. Walking through the swanky Cosmopolitan was definitely a plus.
5	I have always carved out at least one day on my trips to Las Vegas to include the Wynn Buffet. I might have to change that now that I have visited the Wicked Spoon. We had to catch a flight at 11:20 am and needed a place in the hotel to catch breakfast. We arrived here at 8am and the line was minimal. Brunch was around $25 and that is an absolute steal folks. The Wynn brunch is a bit more expensive. First and foremost like everything else at the Cosmopolitan the dining area is absolutely gorgeous. The dinnerware is very nice and bar itself is very carefully laid out and similar to the Wynn's. I hate the way the Bellagio buffet is arranged since this causes logjams at certain areas. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The Wicked Spoon really prides itself on presentation. For the first trip to the bar I just walked around and gawked at how well displayed the food was. Seriously you could walk around with a camera and photograph this stuff for Food & Wine. Some of the highlights from the bar include Asiago Stuffed Gnocchi, Cavatelli Pasta with braised short ribs, Portuguese sausage, hashbrowns, Truffle infused au gratin, and the Sticky Buns. They have a nice mix of just about everything you could want. I didn't really have enough room for dessert but would love to come back here for dinner.The Wynn has some stiff competition now for buffet supremacy. I won't issue a final verdict until I attend this place for dinner. Don't miss the Wicked Spoon if you want a great buffet experience in Las Vegas.
5	Wow, I had heard a lot of good things about the Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, but I was not prepared for what I encountered! We had friendly service from start to finish! The brunch was $22 per person, which was WAY less than I've paid at other buffets in Vegas! And the food was phoenominal and presented in a brilliant way! Bonus: the brunch price also includes a complimentary bloody mary!!!
4	I was very sad to learn that there was no mac and cheese bar at lunch... however, this place gets 4 stars for:1. Damn good Korean BBQ!!!!2. Really really good desserts3. Beautiful presentation4. Unique dishes for a Vegas BuffetBut I think I'd prefer coming for dinner next time.  The dishes seem more impressive in  way that would be worth the 5 or whatever more dollars you pay.
4	The service was absolutely amazing!  The waiter was always on top of it! Our old plates were immediately cleared away and drinks topped off!  The selection of food is great!  I wish I could try everything. Even being there for 2.5 hours, I couldn't do it!  I like how most entrees are individualized!  My favorite was the prime rib, olive salad, K BBQ ribs, and let's not forget GELATO!!!
4	Overall:  This is by far the best buffet in Vegas.  I define best in terms of quality and value (NOT Price, but what you receive in terms of what you pay).  Lines are non-existant because this is still a diamond in the rough (and out of casino traffic's way).  Best quality buffet food - comparable to some low-end fine dining restaurants in Vegas i.e. Fleur de Lys @ Mandalay.  Price is still reasonable as it's cheaper than Wynn's and Bellagio's buffet price, but comparable or even better quality food.NOTE: As of 05/27/2011, they've raised their prices yet again to $35/person for dinner.  About a month ago when I went, it was $29/person for dinner.Setting: Dinner w/ friend and his wife on Friday, 05/27/2011Must EAT: Roasted Beet Salad, Bone Marrow (season w/ the Sea Salt, and don't forget the bread by the carving station to scoop it out), 5-Spice Ribs, Polenta and Mushrooms (forgot name of dish), Truffle Mac & Cheese, Sweet Potato Fries, Pecan Tart, TiramisuThumbs Up: Coq Au Vin, Prime Rib (tastes different and much better than other buffets),  Cream of Squash Soup w/ Jalapeno, Cheese selection, Chorizo Pizza, Watermelon Gazpacho, Shrimp Cocktail, Pistachio Chocolate pudding, and Fruit SelectionTip: They offer an all you can drink Merlot for $7, so take advantage if you like wine w/ your food.
5	OMG GASTRONOMICALLY DELICIOUS!!! a bit pricey but well worth it. great variation of foods and desserts. cute seating area. presentation of foods make it a fun adventure. service was good, our tables were always cleared quickly after we were done with each round.
2	I was really happy to finally be able to get to try this place, but only to be a little disappointed. Their pricing is pretty good compared to most of the other buffets. ( 25 for lunch, 35 for dinner ) Most of their food is whatever, it's basically alot of exotic food  with weird names I never heard of.I saw some different food such as the lamb and pork meatball ( which was the most horrendous meatball that has ever touched my tongue), cauliflower puree ( sounds pretty gross so my friend and I didnt even look twice on it) and those were the only exotic things I remember. There was also prime rib, fried rice, many asian cuisines that i'm just totally sick of. Their sushi tempura one was pretty good though. I hate the fact that they tried to decorate some food by putting it in those silver cups because I only get one spoonful servings of each food just to try every food and if a food is bad, I wouldnt have to worry about wasting food which me and my friend did on every of those silver cans we got. Their mac n cheese bar is a cool setting where they make it in front of you, but the mac n cheese wasnt even that great.Desserts was the one thing I was looking forward to for this place, but they didnt have macaroons that I was informed of. Most of their desserts are not even that great. The best one would have to be their dark chocolate covered strawberries. I tried many of the little ones and none of it really stood out to me.overall, it was okay. I would rather pay 10 more dollars to hit up the bellagio buffet.
4	I really enjoyed the buffet, they served many of their items on small plates, so it's easy to grab and go.  I don't believe they have a very large seafood selection, but they did have plenty of meats.  The bone marrow and beef rib were good!  They also have plenty of chocolate dipped strawberries in the dessert section, which I really liked!  The best thing about it was there were no lines!  We came on a Saturday night at 7pm, and we waited maybe 10 minutes before being seated...it's the fastest we have ever been seated at a buffet table.  The price was around $30 for dinner, which I thought was a good value.  The buffet has a large variety of sushi, meats, asian dishes, salad...I wish they served jumbo shrimp and crab legs like Wynn (the only real disadvantage), but if you aren't a huge fan of shrimp or crab legs, then the buffet at Cosmo is the next best option!  Service was also very good, they even offered us coffee and tea after our meal, and they didn't rush us out of the buffet like many places do.   I will definitely be back, hopefully the wait times remain short and they don't raise their prices.
4	This was by far my favorite buffet in Vegas! Fresh gelato bar,  marcarons.. all you want.The wine reduction muschrooms. GREAT korean BBQ!The quality of food was amazing!  If you want unique food, served in perfect portions and displayed beautifully you will love it!RELAXING beautiful YUM!  :)
4	NOTE:  this review is for dinner only on a saturday nightTIP: this place has more small dishes than food you can get with tongs, so get 2 plates and fill them with 4 little dishes each (will be heavy though).This buffet is better than the wynn buffet (no more rack of lamb, and lack of creativity) and currently the best right now.  Had alot of big ticket items such as chocolate dipped strawberries with either nuts, crushed oreo, and crushed toffee.  These are the stemmed strawberries which are much more expensive.  They also serve blueberries, blackberries, and rasberries which are much more expensive then cantalopes and honeydew.  Lots of different gelato flavors to choose from such as tiramisu, pistachio, lemon, mango, and peanut butter.  They even have bone marrow to smear on crostini.  Lots of small dishes, most very good.  lots of different fish dishes with salmon by far the best (very tender).  mac and cheese bar where you choose which cheese and ingredients like tomatoes, bacon, onions, peppers, and mushrooms and they make it for you is kinda rich (better off not getting it).  Very extensive dessert section with chocolate bark, fudge, choco dipped marshmellows just to name a few (no creme brulee though).only gripe is that it's hard to bring lots of small pots and dishes back.
4	I came here on the Saturday of Memorial weekend at around 5:30. By the time I arrived, there was no line.The food was all placed in small individual pot, which made everything look fancy. The name was fancy, however the content is the same to all other buffets. However, the crab legs were VERY FRESH and the roasted beef was tender and juicy. All the seafood stuff was very good (especially the clams), except for the salmon which was very plain.I would have given this place a 3 star if it wasn't for the desert. They had a large selection of desserts. They are all very PRETTY (Pretty desserts makes eating them more enjoyable). I got a tiramisu, the chocolate moose, pistachio and vanilla ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, and this berry tart. The tiramisu and the chocolate covered strawberries were good. I especially loved the moose, because it was in a chocolate-made bowl. One thing i didn't like about the Wicket Spoon is that they don't have enough waiters, and the waiters are very forgetful. I asked my waiter for a cup of coke and a spoon at least twice, but he never brought them over. 20 minutes later, I had to
4	From May 2011: We went for brunch; the wonderful transition between breakfast and lunch where you can have biscuits and gravy with your sushi and prime rib. The presentation was very cute, the variety was good, the service was great, but the food was mediocre.From December 2012: Much better experience than the first time in May of 2011!! Perhaps it was the company? Or maybe the unlimited mimosas? Either way, this place is delightful. Everything was tasty and in small enough portions that you can try A LOT! The waiter was very nice and allowed us to use our empty champagne glasses as table decor. I'd definitely go back! Totally worth it!
3	3.5 stars is a bit more accurate.The buffet is like everything else in the Cosmopolitan, glitz and glamor. It was very pretty to look at, heck even the food was pretty to look at. We came here for lunch since our room wasn't ready. We had dining credit but since we were on the wait list for a room, they didn't let us use it towards our meal (after being told by the front desk it wouldn't be a problem). FINE. WHATEVER. Just give me my food and I'll be all smiles.It didn't take too long to get seated on a Saturday afternoon around 12. I looked at the selection and chose whatever sounded good. Mac and cheese, korean short ribs, pork belly fried rice, caesar salad, watermelon salad, pasta, fried chicken. Yes..I picked all of that up before I finally started feasting on my collection. Don't judge. That being said, I had to make 2 trips. Yes, the individual pots and pans and dishes are all cute and nice and amazing at regulating portions, but it's like playing tetris on your plate. Sometimes I just wanted to sample things (like the fried chicken) and get one wing, but due to their wire basket homes, I had to pick up 2 of them and was unsuccessful in pawning off the extra one to someone else at  the table. This made for quite a wasteful meal if I wasn't fond of something. The food was....OK. That's it. It wasn't an explosion of flavor or anything. Just...OK. What a disappointment! Oh well, the silver lining is that that means more room for dessert! Sweet. (see what I did there? Again, don't judge.)Dessert was yummy. I asked for two servings of gelato, (one more time, no judging...other people asked for 2 servings too!) strawberry and oreo. Both were delicious! You can get mini cones for them too but that would only slow your gelato eating in my opinion. I picked up a pecan tart that was fantastic. I love pecan tarts and this did not disappoint.  I also had some sort of upside down cheesecake shot...dessert..thing...that was good. I only wish I knew what it was exactly instead of crossing my fingers and digging in. That was the case for everything at the dessert bar. Nothing was labeled. Instead I just stood there and stared at it trying to decide if I was daring enough to find out what it was. Overall, it was a decent buffet. I think it fell short of the hype it gets in most of the reviews...but the dessert bar was its saving grace.  Worth a stop if you're staying at the hotel, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place.
4	Came here on a Saturday night for dinner with the boyfriend. Price was $30 per person. Ack! However, the ambiance and the service was quite worth it. Most of the food at the buffet is served in little pots and pans pre-pared. I like it because I don't eat a lot anyways and I want to sample everything. I think it is very cute! Each dish was savory and the ingredients used were fresh. Desserts included macaroons and gelato.Pros: Classy/Modern AtmosphereFresh IngredientsPre-pared dishes in little pots/pansCons: The Price =(
4	This not a place to come if your on a diet. :) Lets start with the bad ... $35 a pop per person x 4 + tip Total $170.00 ... After the initial shock at the counter paying for it ... this is what i was thinking ... dam should of left the kids at home (LOL)Now for the good ... very very very cooooool place you need to try it even though the sticker shock. What i liked about it was bunch of small individual dishes lots of things to try ... I stayed away from the prime rim having a small taste from my wifes ... it was really good ... i was there to try everything just a little bite ... i tried my daughters mac and cheese ... i have to say its the best mac and cheese i have tasted ... had bacon in it  ... the potato and truffles was very tasty, Salmon was good, crab legs good, shrimp cocktail good, I didn't try the Korean BBQ ribs ... but my son did he went back for seconds ... the sushi was ehhh ... but its a buffet ... i would skip this and save room for something else ... forgot the names but all 3 types of pizza was good very thin. great many varieties of salad and breads. I like the Louisiana section of the buffet all the dishes was good seafood was good as well. They had bone marrow skipped that looks good though i mean real good like blow your diet good ... ok this is the best part ... if your going to blow your diet ... do here goto the desert bar ... yummy chocolate some of the deserts were like ehhh ... but when you find the one you like you just keep gong back for more :)  ... if you got the cash to blow try it ... but don't do what i did ... ate everything and forgot to take pictures of the food again.
5	Great new location (although the parking entrance was hard to find LOL...but I guess that goes with all these new hotels now).  Wicked Spoon Buffett is not listed as a "buffet" on their directory so it's kinda hard to find unless you knew it was a buffet to begin with.Pricewise it was very decent.Service was excellent.I love their take on the individual sized portions.I liked the variety, from breakfast items, to chicken, salads, asian food and the dessert bar was awesome.Of the ayce places in vegas...i'd come here again.
4	First thing you'll notice about the Wicked Spoon Buffet is the creative presentation of their dishes. I absolutely loved the concept of individual portions at a buffet! Most of the portions were just right and it made each dish appear mouth-watering...I couldn't wait to get my hands on the food as soon as I entered!!Some standouts I sampled were:-Arugula salad with Burrata, tomatoes & balsamic vinaigrette? (Sorry, this salad didn't have a label) But hands down, this was the highlight of my meal! I regret not getting another one :(-Asiago stuffed Gnocchi with Spring Vegetables in a Brown Butter Sage Sauce. So rich, so filling, so delish!-Cauliflower Gratin. I don't even LIKE cauliflower but this was amazing.-Roasted Mushroom Polenta. Smooth and full of flavor.-Salty Peanut Gelato. THIS IS A MUST-HAVE! It tasted like a Snickers bar :) Sadly, there were some misses too:-Mini Eggs Benedict. Looked downright adorable in its little container but the poached egg just wasn't cooked properly. Too runny for my liking & I found an egg shell in it :(-Slab bacon. I didn't dig the loads of fat on this one.-Breakfast items such as Sausage, Hash Browns & Bacon. I've had better. -French Macarons. Yes, I was very excited to see Macarons at a buffet! Yes, I was severely let down as well.Overall, this buffet is definitely worth checking out. The downfall to the individual dishes is that I just didn't have room to try everything I wanted to because I filled up so fast! Share your dishes & choose wisely, my friends :)Some extra tips:-Service was great.-The dessert section was unimpressive (except for the gelato!) The Wynn & M Buffet totally got Wicked Spoon beat on desserts.-Don't leave without tasting that amazing Burrata salad! You won't regret it :D-Wide variety of food with high-quality, gourmet ingredients. I would say this is a notch above M Buffet, but still not as good as The Wynn Buffet.
3	I prefer Bellagio's buffet over this and Wynn's buffet but we thought we would try something new.  The price was the same as other buffets at around $40 but I found the selection and taste of the food to be better at Bellagio and Wynn.This buffet is hard to find.  You have to do a whole lot of walking to get to this buffet.  Cosmopolitan's hotel layout is a little confusing, or maybe it was the 6 Pina Coladas I had earlier.  It's upstairs down a long hallway...Their dessert was weak compared to Wynn's.  Where is the Creme Brule?
5	By far the best brunch buffet on the strip. The desserts are gluttonous with variations of chocolate covered strawberries,real ice cream (not icky soft serve) and a plethora of berries and fruits. If anything, just go there for dessert!
5	I was looking forward to eating at The Wicked Spoon. Everyone said how good it was. They weren't wrong. I had the best salmon ever. General Tsao's chicken I thought would be to hot but it was wonderful. The desserts are out of this world. I wished I could have stayed all day. I will be back and I will tell my friends. Don't waste your time going to the Aria buffet. Not worth it. M' hotel has a good buffet if you don't mind driving. Seniors get 2 for 1 on Wednesdays. $14.99 for two. But if you go on the weekend they get you for $35.00 a person and no discount. They threw a few seafood items on there and that's why they are charging $20.00 more. Not worth it for that price.
4	$35.00 per personvery classy foodbomb crab leggs~!gelato ice cream
4	OMG I loved it!  It was $44 a person with 18% gratuity already added since we were a party of 12... thought it was a bit pricey at first, but the quality of food here was top notch!  I never been to a buffet and thought that the quality satisfied me over quantity. I did not have to stuff my face to feel satisfied.  I have tasted just enough delicious food and left happy without feeling 100lbs heavier!I know that we don't go to  buffet and expect good service, but if we already paid 18% gratuity, I expected the service to be 18% worth.  Our waitress kept forgetting to bring my apple juice :(  and she made it seem like it was my fault for not reminding her so minus 1 star here.The location of the buffet was a bit strange as well.  We walked pretty far from the main retail/restaurant/casino area of the hotel.Try to go early if you can.  We went around 5:30 and we didnt have to wait in line at all, but when we were about to leave around 6:30/7pm a long  line started forming right outside!
5	By far my favorite buffet on the strip. The prices have gone up since the first time I went but I'm not surprised. I Love the food and the individual servings. The dessert section is Amazing, but they give tiny scoops of gelato now. :-/ Still the other pastries are delish!!! Highly recommend this buffet
3	C'mon on Toto, let's go home on that yellow brick road. Before checking out of Sin City, we headed to Wicked Spoon for Sunday brunch. Luckily we got there before the rush because the wait went from 30 minutes to about 1.5 hours in a flash. Party of 8, gratuity included so it came out to about $37/person.As we got seated and I took my first lap around the bend, I thought to myself that I was at some fancy, newskool, contemporary buffet. I mean, you got fried chicken in metal frying baskets and food items served in bite sized pots which looked like they were purchased straight from Pottery Barn. Also being Asian, I'm not offended with the Chinese togo boxes filled with food.Unfortunately with all the glits and glamour, Wicked Spoon didn't quite take me home. There were a few items that needed work like their rubbery prime rib. That was a complete bust. But check out the corn, I think I pwned a few which led me to dominate the poor throne after.To complete a buffet is to have the best desserts available. They're gelato selection was pretty up to par where as the pastries were overhyped like Serendipity's.I like the feel and the vibe to this place. Their chic furnishing and presentations makes you feel like you're in an unconventional gorge fest we like to call a buffet. Also, I appreciate the small portions they serve here because it gives you a chance to leave room for other items. Half your plate will be filled up with their fancy dinnerware. I would give it a second try but I'm not going to lie to you and say that Wicked Spoon is currently the strip's buffet champ.
3	In the mood of something different? In the mood of something good? Go ahead and step in to Wicked Spoon! A bit different from your Vegas style buffet. Most foods are already served in portions. Which is a plus for me, it helps me not to over indulge on sides. Allows me to over indulge on the mac and cheese bar. Pick your ingredients, pasta and sauce and Mr. Cook will cook away. You must try the oreo chocolate cover strawberry. Yummy! Decently priced at $30, pretty good fot being at the cosmopolitan.
5	This is still my kind of buffet. I have eaten here several times and the food changes frequently love the quality and selection. Love the flavor of the meats. The salad bar area is also very unique. You gotta love a place that serves heirloom tomato salad and figs. Hellz yes!
4	2 of the best things that could possibly happen when you have dinner is that its a buffet (lots of choices) and its free.  Well not exactly free but it was a celebration of my niece's graduation from HS (Congrats Megan - Valedictoria and future Hoya alumni).  The location for this buffet is inside the Cosmopolitan (a James Bond glossy new casino in the strip).  this is my second visit to the Cosmpolitan but it was not a destination for me for gambling (too pricey) or partying (bit old for that),  Back to the buffet,  Our group was seated in a section separate from the rest of the Buffeteers(?) but we still had to go to each station like a normal customer.  The choices were varied like most buffets. I often stay away from the more common items I can get anywhere else so I tried mostly stuff I normally would not find on a my daily fast food meal hunt.  There were a lot of choices that I would enjoy and also was good for my partner who is a pescaterian (he eats dairy, seafood but no red or white meat).  I agree with the other comments on the little pots for some of the dishes.  It really is designed to share and takes up most of the space of your plate.  I found the Gen Tso's chicken good and crunchy.  The ratatatouille was pleasantly steamed without being overcooked but needed a base sauce.  The shrimp miso salad was fine.  The ceviche passable.  The gazpachos bearable.  The prime rib was great with a little salt and the bone marrow as the sauce (yes bone marrow).  I am not a big buffet eater but thoroughly enjoyed the availability of many choices.  Truly the dessert choices was really good but too much sugar for someone who has to watch his sugar level.  The gelatos (esp pistachio and mango) tasted great.  The custard/flan was fine.    Overall the service and food deserves 4 stars.  The best part was that the place was not overcrowded.  I think the pricing is higher than most buffets but if the selection is good then its worth it.The Wicked Spoon was Wickedly Good for the Stomach!
2	Style over substance.  All looks and poor food quality.  The keyword would be OLD.  Everything tasted stale or had a weird skin on it from age, including the smoked salmon, all the pastries.  Very poor fruit options nothing remotely exotic or fun.  Maybe we came on a bad day but either way we felt like it was highway robbery.  Left the place hungry because nothing tasted was fresh.  Very strange because we came at 9am, its hard to imagine food sitting around for too long that early in the day.  Probably all from the day before.  Doh.The omelets weren't bad.
5	Oh Wicked Spoon Buffet, why are you so wickedly good to me??I love the way you work up my appetite as I walk along the long hallways to you.  I also love that you have put little entertaining pieces along the way such as ginormous shoes, statues, and telescopes where I can take fun pictures with my friends.  Although the price to get through to you was almost $40 on Memorial weekend, I think you were worth it for the ENDLESS mimosas, the excellent service you gave me and my friends and the AMAZING quality of your food.  I loved how your waiters were super efficient and anticipated the needs of my whole group.  Your cute presentation of each dish is a genius idea and the portion is just perfect.  The variety of food you gave me made me oooo and ahhh as I made my rounds.  The pasta and mashed potatoes were so creamy, the meat was melt in my mouth tender, the dessert station and especially the cookies and cream ice cream blew my mind as you tingled my taste buds left and right.  I had one crazy food session with you!I left feeling full and completely satisfied by how good you treated me.  And!  If you're wondering if I'll come back to you for more?  Why yes, yes I will :D  YOU are now my FAVORITE out of all the Vegas buffets on the strip.
5	Hot damn this was a good buffet. I really don't know what else to say! It's a very sophisticated buffet, if you will, with individual-sized portions of most of their main entrees. I imagined myself as Padma Lakshmi as I was tasting each dish, haha...Some of the wonderful eats I had were:Beef bone marrow w/ bread crispsCaesar saladPrime ribCrab fried ricePork belly fried riceShrimp cocktailWatermelon gazpachoGnocchiSpicy tuna rollsKalbiDim sumCharcuterie stationEtc, etc, etc, etc........I can't even begin to start writing about the dessert station - it kinda reminded me of the Patisserie at the Bazaar. I only allowed myself a couple chocolate covered strawberries since I felt like beached whale by that point. A great, great buffet for $35/person (for dinner).
5	Hands down, best buffet I have ever eaten at!  I had read so many great reviews that my wife and I decided to go for our anniversary dinner.  A buffet for an anniversary?  We are simple people who enjoy amazing food.  The price was right at $35 each and from what I had heard, the food was great.  We got here at 5 p.m. right when it opened for dinner so there was no line.  The first thing I noticed was the excellent cheese, bread, meat, and salad section.  I love a good cheese plate and I was able to make an amazing one of my own from what they had to offer.  The Caesar, BLT, and Beet salads were awesome and perfectly portioned in the little dishes.  One thing that I knew I had to try was the Bone Marrow.  I had never had it before and the gentleman at the meat station was kind enough to give me a quick bone-marrow-eating-lesson.  Delicious!  Besides the Gnocchi, every single thing I had here was incredibly awesome!  General Tsao Chicken, Braised Short Rib w/ Pasta, Potatoes w/ Truffle Oil, etc., etc.  My wife was stuffed full but could not stop eating/raving about this little chocolate cake drizzled with caramel sauce.  Needless to say, dessert was pretty great as well.  This was a great experience and we have to go back.  We have to go baaaack!
4	The food overall is good. I went there once for dinner in April and once this past weekend for brunch. Dinner is better in my opinion since i'm not always a huge fan of breakfast food. The food comes in little pots, pans, and plates which is very cute; HOWEVER, you can't get a lot of food at one time since all that takes up a lot of space. I like their cocktail shrimp and crab claw(dinner). Everything is peeled for you which is always a bonus! The korean style ribs is very good! Sometimes a little on the ssalty side but its yummy! The pork belly with the chinese steam bun is SOOOOO GOOOD!!! I think they only have that for dinner though :( .The spicy tuna rolls is one of the better ones i've eaten at a buffet in general. The dessert is 50/50 for me. The plus is the gelato and the HUGE chocolate covered strawberries. The con is everything else isn't that good. They don't even have cheesecake! The price for brunch is $29~which is $32 plus tax. Dinner was $29 as well but that was in April I don't know if it went up. Overall very worth it and delish! Its a MUST TRY!
5	Awesome! You don't feel like you've wasted any food. The ambiance is calm and the service is on top of it. The food is good and not your run-of-the-mill LV buffet fare. The dessert area is diabetes inducing but oh so worth it! I will definitely make this a go-to buffet whenever I'm in LV!
5	One of better hotel buffets in Vegas. I've heard of Wynn buffet but have not had a chance to try it yet.
3	after reading the reviews on here, i must admit that i too was quite disappointed by this buffet. wanting to try this because of yelp, i went here when my parents were off watching a cirque du soleil show.  nothing stood out as being particularly bad, but nothing really was memorable. i liked the idea of marrow, but then i realized it really doesn't have that much flavor. the presentation was cute, with the little plates and pots, but in some cases when i didn't enjoy the food, i felt like i was wasting a ton of food. the pastas in those little dishes were cold and didn't have enough sauce. i also love the idea of a mac and cheese station, but there really were no suggestions about combinations or any really unique cheeses. even the kalbi were super greasy and i feel like i could have made the shortribs better myself. as far as service, it was great. the wait staff was super attentive and always friendly (which is why they get three stars). value? not really worth the 40 bucks you shell out. I would much rather go to the wynn, cravings at mirage or the m resort.
3	Not bad for $35/person. Cute presentation of food and decoration.
4	The wicked spoon was awesome to say the least!I felt like a kid in a candy store. The atmosphere was nothing like ive seen at a buffet before. Everything was so nicely placed in individual servings. It definitely had a "cuteness" factor to it if i must say. $35 per person was not bad.My highlights:*Prime Rib- Yum Probly the best ive had, It was done just right cooked rare.*Lamb- Super juicy, cooked just right again, I came back for seconds. I know alot of people raved about the dessert area, it looked really nice but nothing there tasted "yummy" I grabbed probly a plate full of items and took one bite of each and said "ehhh". Overall Still a great experience and I really enjoyed eating here.
4	Wow. Very good Food. Nice cashiers very nice waiters. Food very good desserts delicious. Everything was Perfect. Only neg points: no hot tea for lunch & no signs what you are eating. You always Must ASK somebody. Overall very good.
5	I heart Buffets.  There, I said it. People complain about large variety at the cost of quality dishes, poor presentation, so on and so forth. Well, two words for ya'll: Wicked Spoon.Not much else I can say that anyone else hasn't already said, but in short, the quality is great with some unique dishes on the strip and the presentation is great, as a good as you can expect from a buffet line.   I think I've found my new favorite buffet on the strip.
4	This is a good one! The selection is not very large but what they have they do well. My favorite item was the mac and cheese bar!! They make it fresh and you select what you want in it. OMG!! Even though I was totally stuffed and wanted to make room to try more foods, I couldn't let me mac & cheese go. It was the most delicious thing!!Most everything is proportioned in small plates. The bad thing about that is that you have to take the whole plate and some times you just want a taste and end up wasting the rest. The prime rib and lamb station offered tender and juicy meats. The crab legs were good too. I also liked the leek bread pudding, shrimp in bbq sauce, meatballs, polenta.I did not like the tostado it was dry and chewy. I didn't try any of the asian foods. I think I finally found a buffet that makes pretty good desserts!! Whoo hoo! The have a wide assortment of gelatos to choose from. Dozens of mini pastries to taste. I liked their pecan tart, chocolate dipped strawberries, and chocolate shell with chocolate mousse and fresh berries.
3	The food was imaginative but the flavors didn't rock my mouth.  Like the small pre-arranged servings since I'm more of a nibbler than a stuff-my-face-till-I-barf eater.  Hell yeah to the bottomless glass of wine for $7.00.  Desserts were awesome.  I'll be back to get drunk on wine and jacked on sugar.
4	Awesome buffet!  Way better than the standard ones on the strip and well worth the extra few $$ it may cost you.  I literally wanted to try everything they had.  I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Their food was good. Their servers were friendly and efficient. Management needs a crash course in customer service.My friends and I (total 18 girls) made group reservations and when we got there, there was a mix up of how they wanted us to pay. We paid for our own meals, got seated and began enjoying our food when the manager of the restaurant came to us to tell us that WE made a mistake and we were NOT allowed to pay individually. He then told us that he was going to VOID all of our transactions and wanted us to have one form of payment.We couldn't understand... but we didn't want to cause a scene, so all of us gathered our cash and the manager came back and said "oh, you're paying with cash?" one of the girls asked "is that a problem?" and the manager said "well, we prefer card, but cash is ok." WHAT?!?!?! u prefer a cc over cash???? what planet are you from?here is the kicker.when he got the money, he didn't leave the table, find a corner to count cash. RATHER, he took the bill towards where I was sitting, then started counting the money in front of us. RUDE!did he think that 18 girls in some high heels and pretty flashy dresses were going to dine and dash? in the end, the bill was different by $13.28... I would've been more than happy to throw a $20.  had he figured out the difference, and came to just one of us, we could've resolved the situation instead of interrupting our meal 3 times!the macaroni bar is worth a try... it was like all the other buffets in vegas. decent, but nothing really worh all that hassle for a meal that was $50 bucks. Take me to in and out in a cab and i'll still be happy as a clam.
1	First of all, this place appears to be a step child of Cosmopolitan. If you enter through front door, there is no sign whatsoever on where the buffer is. You have to ask around and they will tell you it is all the way in the back.The buffet located all the way in the back passing all the banquet rooms. It looks like they neve planned a buffet until they figured out they have too many banquet rooms.The place is nice and the price is not too bad. But the food? Errrh, 1-star the most!I have to agree with many reviewer here that most food is not hot, but at room temprature at best. This includes primb rib and soup. The bone marrow (I guess that's what makes them unique) is horrible. Imagine a pile of fat with no taste at room temprature. While putting food in single serving container to discourage waste is a fantastic idea, it also makes the food looking dry and ugly for non popular dishes. Unfortunated many dishes are like that. Saw a dish with onion over a totally black cube. It turned out to be blackened cod. On the oriental secton there is Thai green curry over noodle. How could that go wrong? You buy some green curry and put it over the noodle! Guess what? Their green curry is so green and it makes you think of green paint.Over all, I am totally disappointed  with their hot dishes. Nothing is good.On the bright spot, their cold section and dessert bar are fantastic. The cold section seems fansy and clean, featuring interesting dishes. Their dessert bar, while not big, is filled with pretty nice stuff.I would prefer Ballagio buffer (next door) over this one any time of the day.
4	I went here couple days ago! It's about  $35 per person. I really like their selections but there isn't much seafood. I quickly dived at the area where they kept their crab legs.  I like how they keep it warm instead of cold like other buffets. Our server was good at keeping our table clear of dishes. I did not like their soup of the day since it tastes like plain unseasoned soup. Their miso soup was too salty. I do like their chocolate covered strawberries :) and the way they present their food was very cute! The salt and the pepper are not on the table, you have to ask for it -__-
2	Disclosure: I am in no way a buffet junkie. I have not been to any buffets in Vegas that I can remember, and I probably won't go to many more.I really needed to try a Vegas buffet since everyone always raves about them...it was a birthday request fulfilled! This is the one we chose since we were staying at Vdara right next door and I was happy about the yelp reviews. Went on a Saturday night for dinner, $35/person. Started to stand in line at 8:30p and was seated by 9p. Awesome...better than I had expected.Service was just ok. Waitstaff was slow, even though it was starting to clear out (place closes at 10p)...but watching them carry all that crap I felt bad and wanted to offer them a seat and a drink. Chefs were really friendly on all the stations.Food was just ok. We tackled crab legs and not much else. Depending on the batch, the quality changed...I felt like some were overcooked...still tasty though. Prime rib was great I thought. The chef tossed my piece on the grill for a sec since I'm not too big a fan of the bloody meat slice ;) Beef ribs were tasty also. I will say that the displays were classy and the individual serving portions were sexy. Not sure if it was a good thing for all the dishes though...some things were really dry. I searched for more super seafood (poke? anything?) and couldn't find anything anywhere. Just dry little spicy tuna rolls. Best thing about this place = GELATO. So great. Five stars for that. The other desserts looked like catering crap plastic junks. Choco strawberries looked good, but totally not my jam. Everyone looked like they were enjoying those strawberries.My suggestion: go earlier than I did. I think I got the scrapings at the bottom of the barrel. bring your own lemons for the crab, unless you like butter. our waiter never brought us any. Hehehe.
3	For a Vegas buffet, at the Cosmopolitan, this really should be better...but the presentation was beautiful, the dessert was great, and we still had a great time, so eh.I think it's fair to expect more TLC and good ingredients to go into their food, given that this is a Vegas buffet, but I have to say the food was pretty meh. It was a beautiful display to walk into even when we weren't that hungry. But alas, the food didn't quite live up to the appearance to be perfectly honest. The Kalbi short ribs were too tough and some of their small pot dishes just sat there for a long time. Oh, and that "sushi" was pretty pathetic.Pros were the beef ribs (fresh cut at the Prime Rib station), and actually, the mushroom polenta (though admittedly, I'm a sucker for mushroom dishes). Dessert I have to say was up to the task. Beautiful. Loved all the varieties and displays of chocolate covered strawberries, the pecan bars were yum... oh and um...chocolate covered Kit kats? uh, yes please.Overall, I'm glad we came to have this buffet but I probably wouldn't come back. Pretty funny to see all of the Asians with huge plates of nothing but crab legs. Chinese people are so practical.. I love it.
3	Disappointed!I will have to give it a three, because it really wasn't worth the hype. Upon first entering any buffet, I usually come back to the table with two full plates in my hands. Because #1. I like to try everything at the same time.  #2. I only have two hands.At Wicked Spoon Buffet, I reached the end of the food counter with only one plate in my hands. (gasp!) Confused, I went back to recheck. Nope, I hadn't missed a section. There just wasn't enough selection of foods. Usually at buffets, I leave the restaurant feeling dejected that I didn't get to fit as many bites in my stomach as I can. At wicked, I felt underwhelmed and insulted.     . The food also tasted very average. We left this place confused and confused.
3	This buffet is alright. Very clean place and pretty much everything comes in it's own contain, which is kind of neat and makes for a neater presentation. The food quality is pretty good for a buffet. Nothing award winning here in my book. Personally, it is not something I would go out of my way for.
2	2.5 stars...Really?! I was not impressed. The ambiance and decorations here = modern, beautiful, sophisticated. Love that part of it! The food.... I was definitely disappointed after reading reviews. The plating and presentation is amazing, but it's lacking taste. my friends who like cardboard food liked it, but the rest of us were not sold. Favorites: Truffled potatoesYes, they had a Mac n cheese bar but it was not the most amazing Mac and cheese. It was kind of bland and the pasta was overcooked. Plus the guy making the pasta insulted me. The bone marrow almost made my girl barf, literally. She said it was like eating straight lard (think spoonful of crisco).Then we got some fresh fruit and it was not so fresh. My girl had a moldy tangerine. She got sick again. There was not a salad bar, only premade salad and i didn't find any of the salads to be tasty. Some weren't even palatable.I'm really sad because I sooooo want to like this buffet. Honestly, cosmopolitan is a lot of beauty but not a lot of substance. The eateries here are overhyped and overpriced. If I wanted that, I'd stay in Hollywood.Yummilicious Factor = D+
4	good selection with great tastes from around the world.  I must say that the creamy polenta was absolutely delicious and incredibly savory which I love, the mushrooms in it were very tender and fresh and when you bit into them they exploded with flavor, after that the Korean beef short ribs were equally as good and very tender, not even a smidge overcooked which is easy to do when cooking in the volume that buffets do.My least favorite part of the buffet is usually the best, the prime rib, it was cooked fine but bland like no tomorrow, it just tasted of beef no spice rub or garlic or any other identifiable  taste other than beef, really a let down when the rest of the buffet was soo tasty.  The sushi section if you could call it a actual station only had 3 choices Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura and Cali roll, and while they tasted fine they were very small and a very weak representation of the capabilities of the this establishment.   Desert was great with fresh Gelato and sorbets to choose from as well as pastries and fresh strawberry shortcakeAnother thing that I really enjoyed is the plating and presentation of the food, which serves 2 purposes, 1st is to be appealing to the eye and make you want to eat it, and 2nd is to limit the portion size, its easy to spoon gobs of food on  your plate and not feel so bad at a buffet but when its literally dishes and dishes that you are carrying around with you to your seat you start to think "well how much can I really take back and not look like a complete glutton" and that is genius planning on how to limit your waste, in an incredibly wasteful situation.
4	I've tried many buffets in this city but this one is my favorite. I think we waited in line for about 30+minutes, but it was all worth it. I'd definitely come back.
5	Incredible new concept to buffet. This is world-class, top notch tapas-style buffet, but be prepared to pay the price. $35 for adults and $12 for kids between 4 and 12. Want to go to a fancy shmancy restaurant but don't want to pay the extra hefty price tag? Or if you're like us, you have little kids and aren't welcome at fancy shmancy restaurants. :)The food here is divine... From the fresh crab legs to the salads to the freshly caught sushi, come here and expect the best. My favorites? Miso shrimp salad, kalbi beef (short ribs), crispy something shrimp ad of course, the Mac and cheese bar. But definitely save room for dessert! You'll get full just by looking at the dessert area. Tiramisu, pecan pie bar and the chocolate covered strawberries are not to be missed!
3	An interesting aspect of the buffet is that many of the sides come in their own small dish or pot and that makes sharing a taste easier. We had a large group and tried many of the sides. I enjoyed much of the food, but would not rate this as a top buffet.
4	i decided if I only could go to one buffet on my 5 day vegas trip I would check out the new one as the Cosmopolitanvast food amount selection (duh its a buffet) but enough specialties that keep it different from other buffets on the strip.came here for dinner with friends for $35 a pop - paid for everyone so I could utilize a 25% discount from a concert ticket stub at the Cosmo I got the night before (thanks Flaming lips!) so I saved +$40 with 5 people - but still a little steep if you ask me.definitely enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant - bistre brown trim and amber lighting sets it apart and creates a modern, warm atmosphere to chow down in. they even serve water in Evian'esque glass bottles - its a nice classy touch though i highly believe they just fill them up with tap water.A minimal offering of salad choices(most are custom made already) but a large offering pastas and meats - Yes :DCustom pasta bar was a hit with my friends but the risotto was a bit too chewy for me. WSpoon serves many dishes in individual pots so it doesnt feel like a cafeteria like setting. Lamb was drool worthy when the server gave me a fatty cut and the prime rib was superior as well. Snow crab legs were served steamed with melted butter cups provided on the side.However did question some choice of food at the buffet - especially the asian cusine -  General Tsao chicken? Seriously? I could get that at panda express. Korean beef short ribs were cooked far too rare and felt like eating taffy.Dessert bar is huge and had worthy enough items to try every one.Definitely dont miss: the Gelato Bar12 exotic flavors that I definitely had not seen at any other buffet before. Get there before the line gets long.
5	Legit, easily my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I didn't even get to try everything.My friends and I tried to eat lunch at Wicked Spoon for lunch one afternoon and lo and behold they were closed!! Boooooooooooo.. So my girlfriend and I settled for dinner one night before Celine. Dinner was super affordable; my wallet didn't lose as much weight as I thought. I knew the meal would be awesome from the swipe of my credit card.Walking in felt like I was walking into heaven. I smelled some awesome aromas. The decor was inviting. It felt a little more upscale than some of the other Vegas buffets, and most people were dressed decent, aka they weren't wearing shorts and a cutoff shirt.Our server[?] greeted us and took drink orders, we started out with some water. They don't have tap...or maybe it's tap in a fancy bottle. Regardless, our server was super polite and attentive.At any buffet, I expect a lot. At a Vegas buffet, I expect the world served on a silver platter. Wicked Spoon doesn't have silver platters, but they have food that is pre-portioned in neat little serving dishes. The food is wide in variety, incorporating favorites likes like prime rib and crab legs, with things like five-spice pork ribs, bone marrow, and lamb stuffed gnocci. WS is truly a gourmet buffet.But the absolute highlight of this dining experience was the dessert station. Intricately crafted treats that taste as fantastic as they look. Traditional delectables like creme brulee and assorted fruit tarts sit next to steroid-infused-chocolate-covered strawberries and a gelato buffet. Yes, WS has a station dedicated to gelato. drooooooooooooL.I don't think I've ever said this, but I can't wait to come back here.My biggest regret going to Wicked Spoon is that I didn't wear my buffet pants. [insert sad face]
4	I dug this buffet. Yeah, it's not 4-Michelin-starred impeccably created restaurant food, but it's... a Vegas... buffet. Usually these things are all about volume. And I really appreciated: a) the creativity of the dishes, b) the fact that there were many vegetables (really!) prepared in interesting ways, c) everything was well-cooked. The concept is gourmet, creative food served in adorable dishes/spoons/mini-crock-pots, what-have-you. Expect such lovelies as: watermelon gazpacho, poached salmon with fried brussels, marrow bones as big as your freaking face, gnocchi with veal, korean shortrib pizza with pickled red onion... need I go on? Yeah. Not your typical buffet food. There is a crab leg station and a mac-n-cheese bar, plus some buffet favs for the crowd. I skipped the crab legs, but was told they were really salty. And the desserts are a freaking work of art. Seriously. There are a few negatives: a) selection's not as out of control as a normal buffet, b) price is around 35, which is merely decent, c) because of the plating concept, you can't grab tiny bits of everything or really load your plate down, which means many many trips. Worth trying, especially if you're a foodie. It's a unique concept with some fun dishes.
5	I'm not a buffet person but loved this one. The gnocchi was my fave
2	Wasn't impressed. Wish I could have been, I wanted to be.For a $30 Sunday brunch, it focused way more on breakfast items than lunch/dinner items.No crab.No sushi (they said it would be ready by 9am, why couldn't they have it ready when the place opened?)No bone marrow (really wanted to try it)Also, there wasn't one item I could say that really blew me away. I'm not a hard guy to please when it comes to buffets, but nothing flavor wise stood out.Unless I get some comp in the future and it allows me the dinner option, I can't see me going back here.Only reason why I'm giving 2 stars is because my waitress was cool.
4	No buffet is going to be able to keep the quality as high as a sit down restaurant. Trying feed that many people at one time is difficult and you are going to loose a little bit of  intimacy and personal attention. That being said, Wicked Spoon was delicious! I loved the little individual servings of pasta, desserts, etc. They had innovative food in a buffet.  Dishes that the average joe might be afraid of and yet they had them out like "try it, you'll like me!" :) I would definitely go back. The only thing I kept thinking was "I feel bad for whoever has to wash each one of these little sauce pans and dishes." :P haha!
3	I made my trip here just couple months ago. After reading so many good reviews about this place, I just had to try it out (and of course, it was one of the places I have not yet tried). Their made-to-order pasta station was just not good at all. As my first plate, I have ordered a simple fetticcine alfredo and also some classic mac and cheese. The sauce on alfredo was just to heavy, thick, and sweet for my own flavor. Mac and cheese? I would take out the "mac" as my plate was just combinations of three different thick layers of cheese which was just disgusting (I do like cheese, but not fatuated).Their pad thai was flavor-less and tasted like one of those 3-minute ready to order noodles we can buy at Ralph's or Vons. Korean BBQ rib was just too sweet and the only thing I was eating that night was fried rice and crabs.Desert bar had nothing really that'll blow your mind but does have good gelato.
3	Good buffet - worth the $30 per person.  Smaller selection of food (no crab legs) than places like Studio B at the M Resort or Bellagio Buffet but the food quality is good.   Most food is served in small pots.  Some favorite items - prime rib, mushroom & steak pot, roast beef panini, korean short rib, truffle potatoes.  Service was really good the first two times - party of 2 and 6.  The third time we were a large group of about 12 and the cashier automatically added a mandatory 18% tip.  Not a problem if the service was up to par but our server went MIA a lot and didn't refill our drinks.  Except one of the diners in the group kept getting his coke replenished without asking - 3 times!  What's up with that?   Felt our waiter was crushing on him or something.  The restaurant was not packed either so "busy" wasn't a good excuse.Recommend you give this place a try.
4	If there is one thing I don't like about a buffet its that all my food touch each other in one plate which in turn creates a new flavor which destroys the actual taste of the food I'm about to consume. Well I'm happy to say that I found a place who very well catered to my taste buds and the quality of food. I really enjoyed the presentation of their buffet. They serve their food in little pots which doesn't make your plate dirty and the sauces remain true to the actual dish. In simpler terms, a ratatouille is a ratatouille and not ratatouille with prime rib sauce! The service was excellent and they really were quick on taking out the plates. The guys who carved the prime rib cut it really thin which was perfect! Although not all their food was that good, like all other buffets there is always a hit and a miss. I had this meatball dish that I didn't like. I also had a fish dish that I didn't like but I did eat a lot of other dishes that I really enjoyed which made me really happy at the end.
2	You'd think for a new hotel that just opened, it'd have a really nice buffet to attract visitors... It's what M Resort did at Studio B Buffet... However, this is not the case at Cosmopolitan.Before I went, I saw amazing pictures posted by friends. I was also warned that Wicked Spoon succeed in presentation but not taste. My friends were right. Everything looks really cute in the little containers. Many of the hot foods were put in little pans that were only about 3 inches wide. Desserts look amazing too. Then I wonder, how can they make the food taste so mediocre? Most food didn't really stand out. They even messed up creamed corn which should be simple to master. The little pans were like little bowls. C'mon I was at a buffet and I only wanted a bite of everything. I was never going to finish a bowl of something, especially when they taste so plain.Although I do like the Chinese bbq duck and chocolate ice cream. I am never going to come back to this buffet that costed me $35.There are plenty of better buffets on the strip. Go to Studio B, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, or Wynn instead. Same price, much much better in quality and taste.
3	I heard great things about this buffet but I was incredibly disappointed by the quality and variety of the food. We went for lunch buffet that cost around 30 bucks, so there was no seafood and a lot of other speciality items that would usually populate the dinner buffet. While there was still a lot to choose from, almost every item I tried either lacked any flavor or were too heavy in taste. Service was also terrible. Our table of 6 had to make the same drink request to our waitress numerous times before she finally brought over our drinks. I personally gave up when I waited almost 20 minutes for juice. Ridiculous! The desserts were mediocre as well. There were a lot of strange flan and pudding combination cups that just had an unappetizing blend of flavors that did not mesh together very well. Everything was just too sweet, even for dessert lovers. The only dessert I enjoyed was the gelato. The cakes were laden with creams, chocolates, and sugars as well. All in all, the food here was just way too heavy for a lunch menu. For more bang for your buck, I recommend getting the 24 hour buffet pass instead. Otherwise, save your money for the dinner buffet or hike on over to the Wynn buffet.
3	Sadly, Wicked Spoon didn't really meet my expectations.  We waited about 20 min in line and after we paid our dues, we were seated immediately.  We were able to grab some free mimosas since we came before 2pm (Thanks Cat C. for the tip!) The presentation of the food was spot on!  They were all so cute and in individual containers.  It's great how they thought of controlling the portions, because we all know how so many people waste tons of food at buffets.  Now onto the food, a LOT of my food was either lukewarm or cold.  That alone could've affected the way things tasted.  Nothing really stood out to me.  The kalbi was super chewy and a bit salty.  The shortrib pasta was too cheesy.  The baguettes were definitely not fresh and were on the "hard" side.  The mac and cheese was dry and cold.  The sushi was meh.  The shrimp salad had way too much mayo.  The biscotti gelato tasted like vanilla gelato.  The only things i thoroughly enjoyed were the soup of the day..which was beef soup with barley and the fried chicken.  Honestly, this place just tasted like any ol' buffet (with no crab).
5	Heard and read a lot of good things about this new buffet at the Cosmo so I was looking forward to finally trying it. This place gets an extra star for it being only 29 bucks for dinner which is a lot cheaper than what you'd think it'd be with other buffets going for 50 a head. This place is very unique as far as buffets go in that the food is portioned out into little trays, to-go boxes, and pots. It's a very clever idea so that there isn't as much food wasted. The food here isn't as fancy as some of the other big buffets but there is still a lot to choose from which was very tasty. They have all types of foods from Asia, to Italy, to French. One of my favorite plates was the truffle potatoes which was full of flavor and delicious. The desserts here are also a highlight as they have their own gelato area which has over 10 flavors. Overall, I had a good experience eating here and had lots of good food all for a very good price.
4	If you're in Vegas, this is a must try.  It's over at the new Cosmopolitan hotel where everything just has a good vibe to it--like the Marquee nightclub, too.  But anyways, without getting too sidetracked, Wicked Spoon definitely delivers if you're looking to indulge in some of the best that a buffet can offer.  The food in the miniature pots just scream at you to take one and try.  They set the presentation up like this because they really want you to try everything since, simply, there's just so much to choose from.  Almost everything was delicious though and if it wasn't to me, it probably would be to someone else.  One thing I was sort of disappointed at were the desserts even though they are supposed to be known for them, as well (or so I've been told).  Their selection was good, but I didn't find much of it to be that special.  All the different flavors of ice cream or gelato were fun to choose from though.  At $35, I would say it's difficult to eat your money's worth unless you have a huge appetite; however, it's definitely worth going to experience it at least once.
4	Just for some background info, the buffet at the Wynn is by far my favorite one in Vegas, and I actually had not been impressed with any other one I had visited (yuck no Bellagio buffet for me). With that said, I decided to check out the Wicked Spoon due to the positive reviews and my desire to stop going to the same places to eat every time I am in Vegas. I was very pleased with the experience. The service was a little meh, but that's to be expected from a buffet. The food was not outstanding, but it was definitely good for a buffet. The presentation was great, and I didn't feel like the joint was overly crowded, even on a Sunday. I don't know if I'd go again, but I'd say it's definitely worth checking out.
5	If you had one choice to eat at a Buffet, go to this one!!!! Some people might not know, but this is located on the 2nd floor. There is another buffet on the first floor. The size of each food is a small proportion, which is awesome if you want to try everything and not be so wasteful. Price for dinner is $35, and $20ish for lunch, so cheaper than other buffet, but the quality is superb. The details and effort in presentation is great. Best buffet place and all sorts of seafood, asian, and desserts.
4	Yumyum....i like breakfast here, seafood, ice cream, and etc. I wish they had more seafood in general such as crab/lobster/etc! Sushi wasn't that great. The chocolate was great. Free comps for marriott plat which saves you tons of money considering i got billed $67 for over 300 of food.
5	Best buffet in Vegas! I've tried buffets before and after Wicked Spoon and nothing tastes as great. Most of their selections come served in cute little individual pot-pans. Also majority of the items I got were all really good. If it said truffled potatoes, you could actually taste the truffle in it.  I would recommend loading up on the meat and shrimp dishes. They also have an excellent assortment of desserts. My favorites were the cake pops and salted caramel gelato. Lastly to top it off, the atmosphere and decor of the place is awesome chic and modern, and in one of my new favorite Vegas hotels - The Cosmopolitan.
5	of all the buffets i've been to in my life, wicked spoon is the only one i can say is the best. first off, a tapas style buffet is genius. it lets you try lots of different things and never makes you leave feeling overly stuffed and gross. below are a couple noteworthy dishesi've never had good prime rib at any buffet, and i have no idea how wicked spoon did it, but theirs is the best prime rib i've ever had in my life.mac and cheese bar - you can get homemade mac and cheese mixed together with lobster, steak, mushrooms....goodness gracious it's ridiculous you had at me at mac and cheese. you didn't even need to add all this other stuff. but you did and made me way happieri love their pork belly sliders. the bread they use are the buns you get with peking duck. super soft and fluffy buns with juicy crispy pork belly. insane.their appetizer crab claws are the best form of buffet style crab i've ever seen. at least 47.3x easier to get the crab meat out versus bellagio/wynn/rio etc etc etc and probably quadruple the flavor. there were dozens of other things i ate, but those are the most noteworthy. best. buffet. ever.
4	This is definitely not your run of the mill Vegas buffet.  You can certainly eat till your belly bursts since this is the primary appeal to these establishments.  Everytime I frequent a buffet, it always feels like a mad rush to get to every station to pile on as much as your plate can carry.  This place is not like that.Wicked Spoon is more of a sit-down enjoy the full experience type of restaurant.  It has a very modern, contemporary decor with high ceilings, sleek seating, simple yet elegant table settings and very well presented food offerings.  The buffet offers tapas style servings so you don't have to feel like a pig everytime you walk back to your table.  Compared to other buffets the food itself doesn't seem like everything's poached in butter.  A lot of unique spins on regular buffet offerings you can tell they put a lot of thought and effort into preparing these dishes.  Service is attentive as the wait staff just doesn't check back to make sure you need another re-fill on your drink but your feedback on the food as well.Unlike Bellagio ($50/person), the price didn't kill us either.  $29 for lunch, an extra $5 for unlimited Mimosas which I definitely would have taken advantage of if our flight wasn't in a couple hours.  Oh well, in due time...Wicked Spoon, I'll be back!!
3	Bellows from my slightly inebriated friend: "OMGGGGG THESE ARE THE BESTTT RIBS EVARRRRRRRRR! SERIOUSLY GUYS YOU HAVE TO TRY IT IT'S SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOD!" are all you can hear at our 18-person table. As other (more classy) patrons started glaring in disapproval, a server made his way towards my friend."I'm glad you like the Korean BBQ, you can eat as much as you like. But sir, you need to stop screaming!"So sums up our trip to Wicked Spoon. My friends were all inebriated and alternating between frantically stuffing food in their mouths and raving about the sheer deliciousness of it all. I, being sober, ate the food with a more critical eye (taste buds?).Americanized French and Asian cuisines seemed to be the main theme, plus American food. Most everything was tapas style (served in cute mini metal pots) and their dessert bar (I was pretty excited about it), featured mounds of chocolate covered strawberries and cute little pastries and gelato.Nothing really stood out to me (except the corn on the cob... so sweet and yummy!) so I, thankfully, restrained myself from indulging too much.My friends paid dearly for their buffet madness in forms of nausea, staggering to the bathroom and trying to lighten their stomach loads, and deadly food coma. Hooray!
4	This place is effing expensive! But what do you expect? Buffets in LV is expensive everywhere! The line is quite long... I have never been to Wicked Spoon without a line. But the line does move pretty fast.I came in here for brunch on Sunday with my BF. It's about $30 per person and $37 for unlimited mimosa. Although, it was expensive, I can see why! There were soooo muchhhh food to choose from everywhere! Egg Omelets, bagels, prime ribs, tuna, sushi, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato and the list goes on! The waiter is surprisingly very attentive. He always checked back with our table every 10 minutes to refill our drinks or clear the table. Everything here is so damn good. I ate so much that I didn't have to eat until 8pm for dinner! Hah. You do get what you pay for! It's worth the money, everything here is delicious and the decor is amazing. I love it!
2	Don't waste your time and money.  This buffet was very pretty, but had no substance.  I was so excited to see all the pretty and nicely presented food, but when I started eating, it all went downhill.  Their two good items are the arugula salad and the banh mi sandwiches (very good, full of flavor and tasty).  My son (13) and I (both total foodies) went for the Friday late breakfast buffet and was not impressed.  So disappointed b/c we thought it would be good.The service is mediocre, they serve prosecco (not champagne) and when I asked for a second glass of "champagne", my server said that I had to pay.  I had expected to pay since only one glass is complimentary.  She then told me that they had unlimited "champagne" for $8 which I said was fine.  She came back and said her manager told her they only offer that on weekends, so I would have to pay $9 for the glass.  I said that was ok.  She takes forever and then spills my champagne at another table and has to get a fresh one.  She finally returns with my glass of "champagne" and says that it actually costs $10 per glass.  At this point, I asked her what "champagne" they were serving and she said "prosecca".  I informed her that I wanted to know the label b/c there was no way that this particular glass of "prosecca" was worth $10 a glass.  She went back, got the name of the label for me (never heard of it) and then stated that the actual cost of the champagne was now $7 per glass.  She had mistakenly charged me for a champagne cocktail rather than straight champagne.  She then asked (albeit very nicely) that I had to pay the $7 now.  I was eating, so I asked if I could pay at the end of the meal.  She said that it was their policy to get paid for any "extra" drinks right away.  At this point, we were done with our meal (didn't eat much), paid for the glass of prosecco (still half left) and left.If you want an excellent buffet, check out the Sterling Brunch (Bally's) - it is hands down the best buffet in Vegas.  Also good are the Studio B buffet (at the M Resort) and the Wynn buffet.
5	Inebriated, yes. However, I think the selection is as playful as a buffet will get with the food. There is actual presentation with individual pots, dishes, etc. which adds to the appeal in my opinion. I like how you can only fit a max of 5 things which keeps you going back. I like it because it feels as if you're eating a personalized plate as opposed to cramming as much food as you can so your lazy ass doesn't have to waddle back. I LOVED the leek bread pudding. I wish they served king crab legs as opposed to snow but beggars can't be choosers. Oh yeah, the dessert was delicious. There was a cup of passion fruit and chocolate that I absolutely loved. I wish I tried everything. You probably want to avoid the "Asian" section. Subpar and salty. Though sushi is buffet-esque if you know what I mean. Show me a buffet that does sushi legit (besides of course an AYCE sushi place).
4	I have breakfast here several times a month when colleagues are staying at the hotel. Not sure how things flow over the weekend, but during the week it is very quick to get in and seated. Good service by waitstaff and I think the food is good quality - keeping in mind this is a buffet. Favorites are the French Toast, Egg Benedict, and Red Velvet pancakes. Continental breakfast selections are nice, good selection of tasty fruit.
4	I'm kind of torn between this buffet. We came in for lunch and the price included a free glass of champagne of Mimosa for a little less than the Wynn or Bellagio which was nice. The buffet itself wasn't overly packed and the ambiance was surprisingly very nice inside. Now onto the food..The buffet was not really large or anything and it offered a good variety of asian inspired dishes, though unfortunately, I can't say any of them tasted right or were made right...The Kalbi (Korean spare ribs) were just too tough to eat and way to chewy/thick, while the little Vietnamese sandwiches made in steamed buns with pork belly and pickled veggies seemed a bit bland and had more peppers in them than actual meat or veggies. The rest of the dishes looked good but were very dry for example, the fish entrees were rather bland and dry. They offered a soup station with Vietnamese vermicelli noodles but what was odd was that there were two pots of broth but it was only Miso and not "pho" broth which completely beat the purpose of having noodles there at all. What I must note about this place was that everything was already portioned for you into little cast iron skillets. The general taos chicken, fish, vegetables and mac & cheese for instance. Now, after having only "nibbled" on most of what was on my plate, I was excited about the dessert options as they still had a decent amount and most of it was very well made. Here were some of the stand outs in my opinion.Gelato:They even had the option of tiny cones and as with most gelato you just can't go wrong with this dessert. I especially loved the chocolate and pistachio flavors.Macaroons:Only go for the mango macaroon which has a nice mango/passion fruit puree and fresh berries inside. This was the first to go and was very delicious. There's a raspberry one but seemed to have a funny after taste.Chocolate covered strawberries:These were by NO means those tiny ones but the large long stemmed variety that Godiva often charges up to $11 per berry for, while here you can have as many as you want included in the price. They had two kind, one with chocolate dipped orea and the other chocolate dipped with peanuts. I am not a fan of peanuts so I stuck with the oreo cookie dipped one.Scones:The lemon scone was perfectly soft, moist and delicious.Molten lava cake:This was served in a mini cast iron pan and although it was not bad, it would have tasted better if it were warmer.And last but NOT least my FAVORITE dessert here:The strawberry shortcake station. You basically get to build your own little shortcake with however many pieces of pound cake, whipped cream and fresh strawberries. As simple as this was, the cake was amazingly moist and the berries and whipped cream were very fresh.For our one glass of alcohol, we both went with a Mimosa which wasn't bad, luckily it wasn't too strong since I don't care for alcohol that much.Overall, I liked the dessert options here better than the Wynne or Bellagio but the food selection kind of disappointed me in that anything Asian did not taste the way it was supposed to and this is coming from a girl raised on the stuff here in SF. However, if you just want to stick to a few of the better dishes, I would recommend filling up on salmon, any vegetable dish and the red velvet pancakes (if you come earlier during breakfast) which unfortunately, I missed but heard were all the rage,  the Mini steamed pork belly sandwiches and the on things like Mac & Cheese were not bad at all.Just be sure to save most of your appetite for the dessert selections, which even beat out the Wynn and Belaggio by far as they definitely were not cheap tasting by any means.I think I will have to come back for those red velvet pancakes next time!
5	Oh Wicked Spoon, you are so wickedly delicious. Why did I decide to stuff myself at Wicked Spoon before hitting the pool? Who knows... but I definitely don't regret any bite of it! Located in the gorgeous Cosmopolitan, Wicked Spoon gets my vote on best buffet in Vegas! What sets Wicked Spoon apart is the quality and taste of their food. Not the widest selection offered but everything tasted fresh and gourmet. Yums! Best dessert section I've ever seen! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Scones! The list goes on. I wish I came for dinner instead of brunch.. that way, I could've stuffed my belly more! If you're looking for a buffet with good food, look no further!
5	A really nice buffett with a chic/contemporary interior (well..it's inside Cosmopolitan Hotel so expect it :)). Why am I going to restaurants in Vegas when this tops the regular restaurants expectations. I liked their fish/meat and desserts. I don't think they were lacking on anything really - They have a range from latin, Japanese, Korean, American, italian, Greek, and other assortments of ethnic food in TAPAS STYLE. Lots of variety. Lots of time. Juices: They have gazpacho, mango blend, watermelon and other delicious thirst quenchers on the buffett tables or you can order OJ etc with your wait staff. C'est La Vie Health Nuts!!Dessert  GALOREEE! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xDoLAU2S10POWue58tlXBwAlso includes: choc covered atrawberries, gelatto, pastries, cupcakes besides what is in that photo.The brunch costs are buffett prices, but the options and presentation makes up for it!! I'm coming back to you, WS, so I can share it with my friends.
4	This place is amazing.decor = modern, everything from the wall design, lights, even silverware. everything had a thought behind it.food: individualized portions, more gourmet style than the M buffetwhat to look out for-mac & cheese station (never in my life I'd thought mac and cheese would be this delicious... EVER... (not over exaggerating)-cream of corn -cauliflower puree-all the deserts what to skip-sushi bar is whatever... there rolls were ok but if you like hand rolls sushi chef will hook you up if you ask him-miso soup is bland -kbbq ribs were rough overall, presentation is important here.  Taste on the other hand lacked in most of the asian dishes (I'd list them but I tried everything so I forgot what they were)Now if someone asked me would I prefer going to the M or wickied for buffet. I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing). Since it came down to that I'd choose the M even though its inconveniently located off the strip.  Now, if i never had wicked spoon before than I go to wicked since it'd be my first time.  Try new things! I encourage everyone to go here and eat the mac and cheese!!
1	Very disappointing! After reading the reviews of other Yelpers, we were excited to celebrate a birthday dinner. We came with high expectations. Upon arrival the decor looks dusty, the tables were sticky and the framed signs are crooked. The water came in a fancy bottle that has been refilled and room temperature. The food presentation were pretty but the food looks bad from the shredded shards of small snow crab legs to the pathetic and puny sushi rolls. The cocktail shrimp is snow white and has no taste at all. Most of the food is super salty including prime rib, leg of lamb, Korean BBQ ribs, general tso's chicken, the salmon, the cod the pasta just to name a few. The food selection is limited compared to other places that charges the same ($35) for dinner. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE and thank me later!
5	I loved this buffet. I want to marry this buffet. The portions were in small containers which meant you didn't overeat which I really appreciated. The selection and variety were top notch. They had everything from breakfast staples to Chinese food. We did the unlimited mimosas for $40 and it was worth it if you liked to get a little bubbly with your brunch.I was praying when I was there. Praying for another stomach because the food was so good and I wanted to eat as much as of it as I can. Alas, to no avail. I made it to 3 rounds, sans dessert, and I had to throw my towel in. Still, we spent a good 3 to 4 hours there because it was very relaxed and the food watching was spectacular. Will go here again!
1	For $35/person for dinner, I was expecting buffet that's up to par as the Wynn or Bellagio.  This place couldn't even come close!  It was very disappointing!  The food did not taste fresh.  Dishes were either overcooked or undercooked.  The presentation was awesome, however it takes more than just appearance to please me.  The chef even came to speak with us after we complained, however he couldn't give us anymore explanation than just "I promise we choose the freshest ingredients".  This is definitely one buffet I won't be going back to.  The Wynn buffet is still #1 in my book!
3	What happened to this buffet? I went here again and was surprised by how they raised the price to $35 when it used to be $28 (I believe). I expected this place to be in the same league as Wynn buffet because of the price but it was not even close to the same vicinity.I still love how there is never a line even on a Friday evening. I guess people can't find it since it's quite a walk to find it. The style is chic and modern. I do love the water they serve! It tastes fresh and they provide a carafe so you don't need to ask for refills.The presentation of food is very lovely- tapas style, served on individual plates. I think this is their way of saving money because you can only fit aboutt 2 or 3 of those small plates on your regular plate. Clever concept indeed! The bad part is that the food just tasted... bleh. Even the snow crab legs were dry and lacked flavor. I did like a few dishes like their roast duck and the bone marrow which I have never seen at any other buffet.I felt like I got full by trying food that I didn't really enjoy. The only great thing about this buffet is the desserts. The desserts are very pleasing to the eye and they have a wide selection. I love the chocolate covered strawberries and the gelato.For the price of this buffet, I would pay a little bit more and head to Wynn.
4	$35 for the AYCE dinner buffet. The wait is not as long as I expected it to be. Food are served in small little containers, so you can control your portions and not over eat. There's a lot of gourmet type dishes and flavors. There's not a lot of seafood selection (only snow crab and large shrimps). There is a lot of yummy desserts though.It's tricky to find this place, so look for the signs and follow it. Save room for the 12 different flavors of gelato and toffe chocolate dipped strawberries.Also- I recommend the KBBQ shorts ribs, thai mango salad, made- to order truffle mac and cheese. I ate SO much, I can't remember what I really liked now.
4	inside the cosmo hotel, so course everything is so glam...the buffet food is really cute. there are small dishes in lil pots or baskets so you can try a lil of everything. even my server was super nice. always refilling our drinks and he even went and got us some sauces for our meat. i love the salami. i just couldn't get enough. the bbq ribs, kalbi, chicken wings, prime rib, green beans were all tasty.the desserts are super cute and pretty tasty. loved the lemon tart and cream bruleethe fruit was swt and fresh.the buffet is really clean.some things got too hard and cold so didn't taste good. mac and cheese-bland and hardlamb meat balls-grossshort ribs-the short rib was good, but the veges were nasty and came with super lil meatgets packed fast and i would come back to try more things.
2	Not amazed. Came here Sunday for brunch and nothing was good or amazing. Just ok.  There was a worm in the birthday girl's berries from the salad bar side.  No bueno.
4	Not bad everything is delicious and exquisite $35/person was not a bad deal
3	So my friend got comped for the room and we got to eat at this buffet for free. I tried the lunch buffet as well as the dinner buffet. Nothing really stood out for me. I don't think I'd pay to come to this buffet. A lot of the food is served in small containers which actually adds to the aesthetics of how the food is displayed. I just remember seeing how cute the chicken wings looked, but the actual chicken wings itself was a bit dry. I tried the bone marrow which my friend raved about.. and I almost gagged. Other than that, the food selection didnt consist of anything special. Still, a special thanks to my friend who got us the free buffet. Beggers can't be choosers.
4	Best buffet in Las Vegas.  Small portions of food come in little pots.  Everything was good from the salad to the main dish to the yummy dessert.  Heaven
5	huge chocolate covered strawberries at a buffet??  crazy gelato section...This buffet is a bit cheaper than most of the high-end quality buffets in Vegas but can compete pretty well with their modern look and amazing dessert section.a must visit buffet in Vegas for sure.  high quality meats and small personalized portions of dishes make this even a great romantic venture.  dang it, it's 16 floors below where I'm staying....I'm tempted to go for every meal...you are wicked...stop tempting me.
5	Okay...we weren't sure if this place was gonna be great but we foud that it was awesome! It was even more awesome to find out my younger bros friend is one of the main chefs in charge here. What a small world to bump into him here. No wonder the food is awesome!!! Haha!
4	Located within the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Good value for an upscale buffet in Las Vegas.  The food appeared fresh and there seemed to be good, not great variety.  As others had mentioned however, there were only 3 options for sushi rolls. No lobster tails but like most Vegas buffets, there was prime rib.  Mac and cheese bar was very cool for those who love mac and cheese.Service was not very good.  Our server kept forgetting our drinks while it appeared there were two people helping the table right next to us.  Strange.A little confused by how I feel about this place.  I don't have a problem coming back, but I if someone were to ask me about a Vegas Buffet, not sure if I would rave about Wicked Spoon.
5	We went on the 4th of July weekend and had brunch at Wicked Spoon in Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel it was delicious.  The food was fresh and the portion was put in small plates, pots and bowls, so you just pick it up and put on your plates. I have tried many places in Vegas and this is the place that I will go back for sure. They also have the usual station like other hotels. We thought the price would be expensive because the hotel look fabulous and elegant, but it was reasonable compare to other hotels which cost more and the food is not that great.   We have also stop by M Resort before we got to Cosmopolitan Hotel because we have heard that the buffet was good, so we tried it out the food was not that great at all and the price is way to expensive.   So, just drive straight to Cosmopolitan Hotel and you will not be disappointed.
3	I'm small but I like to eat a lot. My boyfriend hates taking me to any all you can eat places because I'm what you call "hungry eye monster." My eyes are normally hungrier than my stomach. But I actually ate a lot at the Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan. The brunch price was only $22. You also get a complimentary mimosa with your meal. Everything at the buffet is portioned for the guests. The portions are pretty large so whoever normally takes more than they can chew don't feel like they're overeating. I think the most delectable things on the menu were the prime rib which was really juicy and tender, the creamy asiago polenta with roasted mushrooms, mashed potatoes, goat cheese selection, and the whole dessert bar. Other reviews I read were talking about a macaroni and cheese station. Umm, there was just a place in the buffet with mac and cheese. I was really excited thinking I could build my own glorious plate but that is not the case. And their mac and cheese was dry, I figure from sitting under the heater for hours. Skip the mac and cheese station and just eat everything you can at the dessert bar.Favorites from the dessert bar were the mini chocolate cone, a chocolate and mango layered dessert cup topped with gold leaf, all the gelato and the peanut and dark chocolate covered strawberries. There were more desserts to try but this hungry eye monster was on the verge of barfing because I stuffed myself beyond my stomach's limits. Then we went to the pool afterward and I paraded around my new food baby.
5	If an orgasm was in food form it'd be in the form of Wicked Spoon. BEST DAMN BUFFET PERIOD. $29 bucks to shut up and stuff your face. Good luck!
3	For the price paid, I expect perfection. It was very good, but there were a few unimpressive dishes. On the bright side, their dessert bar is highly extensive. I filled up 2 plates with sweet treats. Too bad most of them were a bit too tart for my taste. If you have tree nut allergies, keep it safe and grab some gelato instead (it was excellent! flavorful and creamy). The dry treats might have traces of tree nuts.I will remember Wicked Spoon Buffet as the place where I ate bone marrow. To my surprise, it was pretty good. You just have to add some salt, there isn't much flavor. The texture was interesting though, but better eaten on crunchy bread. It reminded me of eating steak tartare with its soft kind of slimy texture. Definitely needs to be eaten with something rough and dry to contrast. The corn was delicious, as well as the shrimp cocktail. Double yum! The fish with lemon sauce was a bit plain. The stuffing and potato were both too salty, and the meatball was OK.  I would come back, but make sure I have someone pay for my meal next time around.
5	Located on the 2nd level of the Cosmopolitan hotel, the line forms well before opening at 5pm for dinner. At about 4:50pm the cashiers begin to take payments and you stand in another line to wait to be seated. At exactly 5pm, the hosts seat you, and the race is on! I loved this buffet and upscale feel to it! $35 for dinner is well worth it as it is comparable to other buffets on the strip in terms of price. I love the small dish concept. Although it takes up a lot of space on your place, portion controlled dishes reduces the amount of waste. It also makes you feel like your dish was made especially for you rather than in one huge batch.We were seated right by the buffet line which was awesome. Our server and the busers were on top of it. I like how they serve you non-sparkling water and the busers come around often to clear your plates and small dishes. I feel bad for the dishwashers!The buffet line was extensive and includes a lot of items you don't normally get in a buffet. I liked the smoked salmon, corn, and kalbi. There was a mac and cheese station. You choose your cheese and choose your pasta. I added a little ham to have some meat in there. The prime rib was good as well. The crab, although conveniently split open for you was cold. I prefer steamed/hot crab.On to the desserts! Many choices as well, including sugar free. I liked the ice cream and creme brule. My only complaint about the dessert selection was the chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows had nuts on them.I asked our server how many can the restaurant seat since it seemed so enormous. He said he knew there are 200 tables so it could seat maybe 500-600. He added that sometimes all the tables are full and there are several hundred more people waiting in line to get in. Reviews, and apparently long lines, do not lie people! Go out and try it!
5	For the price and quality, this place is AWESOME!!Loved1. marscapone polenta with mushrooms2. Bone marrow (marrow + toasty bread + salt = HEAVEN)3. Fried Shrimp (asian section and i ate the whole thing)4. Mashed Potatoes (I know, seriously? but yeah these were bomb)Those were the standouts for me, at least what I remember haha. GO TO IT! you won't regret it!
2	They were closed from 2-5, What the Hell!!!! Trek all that way from Mirage and you're closed! What kind of Vegas stop are you!
5	Served in mini dishes and totally worth the $$! Unique, high quality foods!
5	I went here for the first time recently and it was probably the best buffet I've ever been to. It's 35 bucks per person but totally worth it. Everything is served in little portions which works if you really want to try it all. Even their water is good! I really can't think of anything that I didn't enjoy there. Their dessert section is amazing. Their grapefruit sorbetto was my personal favorite.
4	compared to other buffets like aria which is less in price but wicked spoon the decor is amazing - large selections of food lots of meats , sausage - omelette station - fried stuff - gelato!! pasteries desserts yumm =P
5	I would definitely say this is the best buffet I've ever been to, even in Vegas. Reasonably priced and everything was really well presented, fresh, and tasted delicious. I loved it! Try everything, it is a buffet after all!
4	This buffet was pretty good! Only $22 for lunch.  Good variety of food and the dessert station was to die for. Gelato bar? I'm there! My only complaint is that I wish the food temperature for some of the items was a tad bit hotter.  But I love how some of the stations had the food already in little containers shaped like mini pots and pans complete with the lid. No need to worry about some snotty kid coming by and sneezing all over the food. Love that!  The Italian station had some gnocchi stuffed w/Asiago cheese. It tasted like little pillows of cheese. If you like gnocchi, this was yummy.  The Cosmo hotel itself seemed a bit cheesy to me. Like it's trying too hard to be hip, but we'll be back to Wicked Spoon next time we're in Vegas.
5	On our recent Vegas trip, we didn't spend much of our time in the Cosmopolitan.  Yet we still happened to stumble upon this wicked awesome place.  With that, I'm going stay far away from using descriptive adjectives to describe how tubular this place from now on.  Oh yeah, I brought the tubular!On our little walk into the Cosmo, we hadn't eaten lunch and our tummies were growling for some chow down.  We telepathically brain stormed that a buffet was only appropriate.  After following some signs to leading us to our destination of the Wicked Spoon, the pathway of a lobby from the escalators to the restaurant had a really interesting piece of art involving a pack of dogs with confused faces.  The child in me used it as a photo op.  http://s3-media3.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/ojOy5r-DE_KvaGcSGhuMpQ/l.jpgTo the restaurant we went!  When sat, we quickly surveyed the variety of food available.  To my surprise, much of everything came in little plates, pots, or containers.  It was one of the neatest little things I've seen, a homage to Alice in Wonderland or something out there.  Each selection had its own serving size, and i'm assuming the theme of their title coincides with how they deliver the food to the customer.  For instance, their Asian section had pad thai and it was served in little doggy bags.  Now, instead of deeming this insanely tacky; it was creatively prepared well and was surprisingly good.  The pot pie came in little pots reminiscent of my little sister's pretend tea party and dinners of when she was younger.  It doesn't stop there. It was clearly one of the best executed buffets I've eaten.  This was by far, me and Bun's favorite buffet on our Vegas trip.  Everything we tried was amazing.  From the little cups of mac and cheese to the moist slivers of fish in a bowls, it was something to be amazed at.  For those who are anti-buffet, this place may turn the tides of your opinion.  The serving sizes allow for the right amount of food without reaching the point of disgust upon sight where some buffets go.  Looking for a buffet in Vegas?  With a decent price and outstanding food, look no further than the Wicked Spoon!
4	Before leaving Vegas, my friends and I made a final stop at this place. Although we were all a bit shocked about the rather pricy fee, I guess the experience was alright.I mean, I LOVE FOOD. I especially loved the pre-cracked crab claws. The presentation of the items were so cute, some pastas and warm foods came in it's own little mini pots. Some of the pastas were bland but there were a good variety of foods.They had korean BBQ, pad thai, sushi rolls, ribs, seafood, an array of interesting desserts.I don't know if I'd go back just because there are so many other buffets to try out in Vegas and $50 does seem a little pricey for just the few things i REALLY liked..
5	Thanks Yelp. We went to this place because of you and it was toootally worth it. We have been to our fair share of buffets in Vegas and this was the best one yet. I liked the fact that they had items already portioned off because I don't like the flavors of my food getting all mixed up. They had awesome Korean bbq and a great General Tso's chicken. Everything I had was great except for the crab legs. They were a bit small and lacking in taste. The cavatelli with lamb was insane. Possibly the best dish there. The desserts were great and numerous. The gelato station was a lot of fun. To me this is the only reason to hit up the Cosmo. The rest of the hotel is boring. Full of bling but boring. Still worth a trek over there for this awesome tasting buffet. I'd come for lunch though and save a lil' $.
4	I came back here a second time, coming in 40 minutes before closing with some of my coworkers and I must say, the food was so much better the second time around.  This time I was definitely less hungry.  The shrimp was just as good as I remembered it the first time.  The seafood selection I would say is very limited, but the variety of food good.  I must say the only thing that I loved loved there was the strawberry shortcake.  They were so delicious I couldn't stop eating it even though I was super full.  Since we came during closing time, that's when they started to dispose of the food and I just wanted to cry because there was so much food being wasted.  I asked the guy to give it to me but he said no.  Definitely will try this place again when they aren't close to closing.
3	It was worth a visit once to check out but it's hard to think back on the visit without a little cloud of disappointment hanging over the whole experience. This was a one time thing for me. Wicked Spoon has some cool ideas for buffet food, so my curiosity got the best of me and killed the cat...The food overall was decent. Everything looked better than it tasted. Some salads were overdressed, pasta sauces were lumpy, meat was overcooked and not even warm under the heat lamps...yuck. Our service was really good, our drinks were refilled and our server was polite and discreet, taking plates away as we wandered (somewhat aimlessly) in circles looking for something, anything, to eat that was memorable. In the end, I think if you're going to spend this much on a buffet go for the Wynn or the Bellagio instead. You are paying to get a couple items that are unique to this buffet but the taste isn't all there.  Maybe one day the Wicked Spoon can get it together, but my one visit was enough to know I probably won't visit again.
4	I am not a buffet person, but LOVE Wicked Spoon.  The quality and presentation of the food is unlike any other Vegas buffets I have seen, and the menu options also seem very unique.  I have eaten here for dinner at least twice a month with visiting friends over the past few months - perfect for a quicker dinner with a group of people with varied tastes.Top dishes I would recommend:- Starters: ceviche, beet salad- Main Courses: cavatelli pasta with short ribs- Side Dishes: summer succotash, cauliflower puree, polenta with sauteed mushrooms/artichokesDishes that didn't blow me away:- Most of the cooked fish (e.g., Salmon, Cod) - looks good, but tastes bland- Meatball thing.  I thought this was violently disgusting, but I got over it (the perk of buffets where waste is not a big deal...)Only lasting complaint is that service has been very slow and negligent, especially when I've been part of large parties with automatic gratuity.
5	worth more than they charge!  there was so many different dishes and all were fantastic.  would come back again.
5	WOW!!! This was the best buffet in Vegas!! We just came back from our 4th trip to Vegas, and you can't beat Wicked Spoon. We have been to practically every buffet there, and this one can't be beat. We found out about it from our fellow Yelpers! (thanks guys!) It was so good, we hit it 2x in our week there. First time, we went for dinner with friends of ours who are very picky, meat & potato people from Tx. (We're from Nyc, and eat everything! Lol). At first glance I wasn't sure they would like it because the dishes looked fancy and real creative. However, the buffet is BIG and there are many different foods for every pallet. Each station has a different type of food, and each portion comes in a little container that looks like a 1 cup measuring cup. Very cute. Also a good idea because then you won't take more than you can eat. They had a great salad/fruit/cheese area, a MAC AND CHEESE BAR where you customize your dish!!, Korean bbq section, (amazing!), chinese food (general tso's chicken was great!) pasta, prime rib, sushi, crab legs, etc. We had an amazing lamb/cavatelli dish that could not be beat. Unreal flavor. I had 2 servings of that. Crab legs are usually my favorite thing, but these were skinny and dry and not good. That was the only zonk in there! Service was fantastic. The atmosphere is that of an upscale NY restaurant, not a buffet. Wait staff is on top of it with re-filling your glasses and removing old plates asap. Very friendly. Then when you're done eating- there's the dessert bar!! OMG! Take a DINNER SIZE plate and run over to the dessert bar. Don't play games here. This is serious eating. What they don't have!!! Gelato (the biscotti flavor was the best gelato I've ever had! Tasted like Creme Brulee).  They had chocolate covered strawberries dipped in oreos, nuts, etc. -Then they had unreal-fresh baked chocolate chunk cookies, oatmeal raisin cookies, etc. Then the strawberry shortcake bar where you assemble your own with fresh cream!!! Then there are pastries, tiramasu, creme brulee, chocolates, fudge, etc. This list goes on and on. The second time we came here we went to the Sunday brunch. Just as amazing, only instead of the mac and cheese bar, there was an omelet station that was great. They had an amazing stuffed french toast to die for, breakfast items- cereals, oatmeal, eggs benedict, bacon, sausages, pancakes, and some other food- shrimp cocktail, different pasta dishes, sushi. They only had 3 different sushi rolls but the fish was very good. Unusual for a buffet. All in all, everything was amazing. Delicious. Everyone I went with rolled out of there stuffed to oblivion. Something for everyone. Very different kind of buffet. Original dishes. Kind of "Iron Chef" meet buffet. Lol. Dinner was $30 a head I think, brunch with unlimited mimosas/champagne $37 and lunch is $19. Go for lunch cheaply, and then when you love it, commit to dinner and go back!!! Can't wait to go next time I am back in Vegas! Def the best part of the new, swanky, Cosmo hotel & casino.
5	Going to leave this short and sweet because everyone else on here has nailed it, This is the best buffet in Vegas to the point that it makes every other one a total joke to ever go to. It makes the Bellagio buffet look like golden corral
4	Buffet inside the Cosmopolitan?  Check.  Wicked Spoon is slightly different from your usual buffet.  Many of the items are actually served as if you are dining at a tapas or small plates restaurant.  Curry in tiny metal pots, fried chicken in small baskets, and pastor tacos on small square plates are just some of the items served this way.  It's a pretty unique concept for a buffet, and it certainly helps eliminate some of the mess some of these items can create.  When's the last time you saw a clean tacos station at buffet place?  Here, it is all prepared for you and all you have to do is add the condiments.    It's also a good way to "portion control."  The small plates prevents going overboard and it prevents them on making a buttload of food, except... I can only imagine how high the water bill is to wash all them plates.Mostly Americanized versions of food from around the world.  Asian, French, Italian, and Mexican are some of the easy ones to spot.  Everything's fairly solid and not bad, but I do have to say the Asian selections is probably the weakest: Korean BBQ rib tasted a little off to me and the Thai curry is bland. The pastor tacos mentioned earlier is prob my favorite out of the ethnic food group.   There's also a carving station, with prime rib and the BBQ ribs as the standout.  I'm particularly fond of the fried chicken.  It's nothing crazy but I love using the chimichurri sauce with it.  There's a meatball in marinara and goat cheese that I'm a fan of as well.The desserts are probably my favorite.  Love the gelato here, especially the mango and lemon pomegranate.  The manga tasted like those Asian mangos and the lemon pomegranateis just tart enough.  There's also a lot of chocolate covered items such as marshmallow and strawberries.  However, I was extremely disappointed that on my 2nd visit to Wicked Spoon, they didn't have the macaroons, cause them macaroon shells were bomb.Definitely need to try the dinner next time since both times I've been here, it was for the champagne brunch.  The champagne brunch is a good deal since the price different is only $7 from the regular brunch price.  Both times also came on a Sunday and never really had to wait that long, but still suggest to come early!
5	Amazing meal. At first I was skeptical because I've been to many buffets before, but $40 per person I expected greatness. I wasn't disappointed. By far best buffet I've been to. I was beyond satisfied. Their delicious prime rib and leg of lamb kept me coming back. They also had country fried steak... at a buffet?! Who does that?! The genius' at wicked spoon. That's who. Great food, great people. Nice casino. All wonderful. It was ridiculous. I will definitely come here again.Food: 9/10Service: 8/10 (since its mostly self serve.)
4	Delicioussss! Let me tell you why :)I personally love that they put most of their entrees in smaller plates. Can you think about the last time you had portion control at a buffet?! Nope! This allows you to taste everything without weighing yourself down too much!Their salad section was a bit lacking, but the rest of the plates were great. This buffet in particular had very interesting flavors and pairings. I would say it's a bit more gourmet than the average, but definitely not as high end as Wynn. Their dessert bar is pretty stellar. Not only did they have 16 flavors of gelato (which Tiffany H. tried EVERY SINGLE FLAVOR!), they also had a nice selection of pastries and chocolate errthanggg. Their chocolate covered strawberries were the largest I've ever seen at a buffet! HUGE. I'm talking shari's berries sizes. If you come here, you MUST try their chocolate cake (the one in the silver pan). It rests on a bed of delicious caramel sauce. ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE!
5	I will mourn the wicked.  Those of us who unashamedly eat more then we can carry.   Those of us who come into a buffet with a game plan and a pre-ordained eating schedule to maximize our stomach capacity.  And capacity is what you're gonna need for Wicked Spoon!First off, I really dig the Chibi-sized dishes at each of their stations.  It's hard to not put every piece of pot, tin, skillet, and basket on your table.Where do i start?  How about the Special Order Mac and Cheese Bar!  You can stick with the 11 different ingredients in front the bar, but really, the entire buffet is your pantry. How about some prime rib in your mac?  Or maybe a little helping of crab legs. Or do what I did and throw some Truffled potatoes in there, and make your own Provencal Frankenstein Mac.  (btw:  I think the station is only open during dinner hours).So, after about 30 minutes there, and another 15 or so to walk around and take pictures (I'm a Yelper, we take pictures of our food, and we don't apologize).  I moved onto the Enomatic machine where I spent another good 15 enthralled minutes.If you've never used an enomatic machine before, basically you put your card in the slot, and choose between a half dozen wines.  You then stick your head underneath the appropriate spigot, and siphon away.  I'm told that they prefer you to use the wine glasses they provide however.  Hmmm.So after what seemed like an hour of not really eating anything, here's what i settled down on that was most memorable to me:- Eggs Benedict in a Pot.- Red Velvet Pancakes (the search continues!)- Wicked Spoon's version of a Vietnamese Banh Mi (looked like a David Chang Creation).- Curried cod, and haddock on mini cast iron skillets.- Giant slab of cut bacon.- Prime Plus Rib!  (it was really good!) - Crab Legs (cold, but not frozen like other places).- Mini gelato cones- Mini lemon pudding cups with mini macarons in it.- Chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows.I loved every wretched part about it!
5	This is now the best buffet in town!  Better than Bellagio or Wynn's.The food quality is similar to when Bellagio first opened.  The type of meats are not as exotic as the big names, but the price is lower too.  Anyways, those exotic meat when not properly cooks are not as tasty.  I was pleasantly surprised when they gave a complimentary bubbly wine for breakfast on a weekday.  And the deserts are really good (so many Yelp photos).  I really like the pure chocolate pieces.  Great to see that the prime rib was trimmed right at the carving station, then the ribs goes on the grill!.  I think I like those ribs more than the prime rib!
3	3.5 stars (Hey Yelp, let us do half stars!)...  Food was good.  Everything looked amazing but the taste wasn't quite there...   the Mac and Cheese bar was hella cool.  The bone marrow (yah, they have bone marrow....  at a buffet!) was good (not as good as Blue Ribbon NYC or Minetta Tavern but still good).  And the desserts were SO good.  The Beef Rib felt like they were trying to be Hill Country (NYC) but they failed (way too fatty!  and it wasn't just mine).Overall, Not as good as the Wynn's buffet or the Ballagio's buffet but being 3rd to those guys "ain't too shabby!"Would I go back?  Yes and No...  Yes, if the hotel didn't scratch up my car...  but they did... (for more details please see my review of the Cosmopolitan)
5	Oh dear...That was painful.... In the best kind of way.
2	Well I was SUPER excited to go try WS because of all the hype, alas I was SUPER let down. We walked in and were seated in a timely manner, the total for 2 ppl for dinner was 75$ with tax. WOW! No local discount either, boo!We are sitting there waiting for our server to take our drink order, and I was being inpatient so I just got up to go check it out. I was gone for about 10 mins and the lady had just took our drink order as I arrived. My bf goes up to get his goodies and I wait for my iced tea, I'm super parched so I didnt wanna try anything just yet. Well I sat waiting for almost 10 mins and I was like eff it!!Let me back up and tell you about my journey around the buffet itself. I started to the right, and seen sushi. I'm not a fan of fish or seafood really so I was like dang! I did get some shrimp roll thing though. Then I went onto the hot tables with all the pots, I got the gnocchi, some truffle potatoes, some shrimp thingy, some meat, and green beans. I then went on and got a caesar salad because the other had tomatoes and I hate tomatoes!  Some cod (I think)  and some bread. I then went and sat to enjoy my finds!! WELL I try the gnocchi first, and to me it was too "soft" it felt slimy-ish. I've had gnocchi many times and this was the worst! It was super salty and just not yummy! I then went on to the beef,  which was hella hella bland! I've seriously had better beef at Applebees! I looked for a salt shaker to no avail, then our lady FINALLY brings our drinks and I have to ask her for one. The salt really didnt help, so I decided th bunch the meat with the green beans. Finally something yummy... kinda. The green beans were literally the best thing there. I did have to add salt and butter though. So I then try stuff I usually NEVER eat, like seafood. The cod (i think) was tasteless, and the shrimp roll was no bueno! I'm still hungry ok, and I have like 3 plates of food that were 1/4th eaten bc I wasnt pleased at all! So I go back to get some more green beans... I finally figured out were they had the mac n cheese station and was EXCITED! The cook was super nice and made my yummies, so back to my table I went. Well I tried it and was yet again not pleased! WTF?! I couldnt believe it! I was in shock! I finished my green beans and went off to the desert area.I got the choco strawberries, marshmallow, some red velvet log, some choc mousse cup thingy, and a fruit thing (sorry, I'm not a foodie!!) Well I LOVED the strawberries, I actually loved it all! The marshmallow smores things were yummy and the red velvet (I think) log was also delish! I wanted to go back for more but my bf was pissed bc of the service (our server only checked on us 2wice and messed up our drink order) So we ended up leaving... STILL HUNGRY!Overall, the food is meh. Bland and tasteless IMO, the desert was totally yummy, and the service was shitty. I guess if I liked more of gourmet or had a wider palate I may like it, alas I do. I'm used to eating cheap and yummy so I'm ok with simple things. I may go back to try the brekkie or lunch, but who knows! It was def 75$ down the drain (literally bc I got sick later that night!!!!)Next
5	Gourmet Buffet! Best Mac 'n cheese & amazing dessert bar!! YOU HAVE TO COME HERE!!!!!  I can not stop raving about this place!!!! ahhhh. I always come here when i visit Vegas..... i love the hotel too!!!
3	The food is delicious but anything that you REALLY want is in the smallest individual portions -___-  which really annoys me. DO NOT order a drink there though, 2 mojitos cost me $30, which is worse than the clubs in Vegas and 3/4 of the admission to the buffet itself. Food and desserts were excellent though, so I won't hate too much.
3	Weekend brunch... $31 (no champagne or alcohol)High end place with very little choices. Presentation is nice but mostly that's it. Some food was good... Good foodClams - excellent sauceMac n cheese - cuz it's breaded in the fancy wayCauliflower with puree - creamy goodnessSalmon with tomato and puree - goodEh foodThe Chinese style pork bun (sandwich) - I've had way betterPretty much everything elseDessertLooks like a lot, but really not much of a selectionServiceStandard but slowOverall, eh, come here bc it's fancy smacy buffet style. Presentation is pretty.
3	We did the Sunday brunch without alcohol for $29/person without taxes. The wait wasn't too long. This place was hyped up too much in my opinion. The presentation was very different and cute. Food is served in mini pots, pans, dishes, etc. Great portion control for their patrons, but obviously great strategy for their business. People aren't as wasteful. Some of the food was good and I felt like I was eating things from Top Chef, all gourmet looking. Some of the other food was eh. Nothing great too write about. Like another reviewer mentioned, the dessert section looked like a lot, but when you look closely, everything is repeated. For a high end place, the selection was minimal. It wasn't extravagant like the hotel itself. Idk if we would do the brunch again. We're probably better off with the 7 of 7 buffet deal.
5	I'm astounded that there are negative reviews here. This place rocks on almost all levels. Yes, there was a longer than anticipated wait in line. (which sucks when you can clearly see empty tables inside through the window) Our service was adequate, not stellar, but it's a buffet for Christ's sake, not a $100 per person tasting menu sit down restaurant. Once you get to the food, you should forgive any shortcomings. Most folks here have already mentioned the little plates, SS pots, and even cast iron pots/skillets that many of the dishes are served on. What a cool concept. Like a tapas bar that never ends. But cute doesn't cut it unless the food delivers and on the night I went, it was well beyond good. I'm a veteran foodie and was simply blown away by the consistently good (even great) food, the presentation, and the variety. Carolina BBQ shrimp on cheese grits, truffled potatoes au gratin (where you could really taste the truffle essence), seared salmon with roasted artichokes/blistered tomatoes/ bruirre blanc sauce, braised short rib with cavatelli pasta and wild mushrooms, bone marrow (really? at a buffet?), lemongrass marinated cod with coconut broth and veggie stir fry, mini French onion soup, mounds (and I do mean mounds!) of chocolate-covered strawberries, 16 selections of gelato/sorbet....do I need to go on? Ok, mac 'n cheese bar (design your own), 21-30 count size boiled shrimp, meats and cheeses, two kinds of gazpacho....Ok, I think you get the picture. Head and shoulders above any buffet in Vegas. (and, because of the company I was working for, I've eaten at most of them) Mandalay Bay used to be my favorite, until I found Wicked Spoon. Run away from the Imperial, unless you need to feed your pets. And then there's the price...at about $10 more than the average buffet in Vegas, this is well worth the price. And for $7, they add bottomless white or red wine. Yes, I know it's the house wine, but it is very drinkable. (remember, you're at a buffet, but with such amazing food, you may forget) I hope they keep the quality up in the future. Definitely one of the best bargains in Vegas. I'll make sure I stop by when I'm back in town.
3	I wouldn't say Wicked Spoon is overrated, but for what you get and the price I would say if you're looking for good value in Vegas to try elsewhere. At $85 for 2 people on Sunday for dinner, I would opt for one of the mid-tier buffets on the strip that would run about $10-$15 cheaper per person. What you pay for at Wicked Spoon is presentation and ambiance (the Wow factor most people want in Vegas). The food was excellent as was the presentation.The GoodMascarpone & Mushrooms Mac & Cheese bar Salmon Crab Pizza The blahDessert - Looked AMAZING and again the presentation was top-notch. As far as actual taste goes, it was average to say the least. I've had better desserts at chain restaurants. The one thing that did stand out was the tira-masu ice cream, which was one of the highlights of the evening.The badService was terrible. I don't know what it is about Vegas buffets, but it seems like since I don't match the profile of their typical clientele (I'm a young hispanic that typically wears a tshirt and jeans everywhere) my gf and I pretty much get ignored, despite the fact that on average for good service I'll easily tip 20% and up, luckily for me the waitress didn't bother to come refill my drink until 30 minutes into the meal and as we were about to leave. It was an easy decision to stiff somebody that spent about 5 seconds at my table, while she was constantly checking on the family next to us that was older and looked like they had money.Luckily she saved me $15 and allowed me a little more money to donate at the slots. Also, the man at the macaroni station was kind of a prick, the girl in line before us was asking him questions and he was visibly pissed and didn't say a word to her when she said thank you. Maybe they should try labeling the items at the station? It's a little hard to tell the difference between chopped chicken, bacon, crab, sausage, and ham...In short, if you want a Vegas experience that you'll talk about and have cool pictures of when you get home, try the Wicked Spoon, if you just want to go stuff yourself with good food, almost any mid-level property on the strip is a better deal.
5	There is a difference between good food and good buffet food.  Wicked Spoon Buffet blurs that line. There wasn't really anything that wasn't good.  And the pre-set portions make it easy to try everything without getting full right away.  That doesn't mean you won't walk away feeling like a blimp.
1	Tried it for the first time on 7/17/11 and it will be my last time eating there.  I had such a horrible experience.  Our waitress got our drinks and took off for lunch and didnt let us know.  We had stacks of empty plates sitting on our table for a good amount of time.  Then we had to flag another waiter and asked about our waitress.  He goes oh, she is on lunch.  I will be covering for you.  Still with him covering, he didnt come by as much to pick up the plates or get us refills on drinks.  First plate i got was the fried chicken....boy was that a bad idea!  Took a couple bits then noticed it was PINK!  My other friend got some too and it was the same.  I told someone that worked there and she was like yeh...i never eat chicken here.  I was quite amazed on her comment.  The crappy part was that i got sick and had to miss a day of work cause i got sick and was yacking my brains out the following night.  Everything seems to be extremely salty as well.  I rather use my money and get Burger King or something.
3	i don't really know what to say about this place...but i think that the main goal for a vegas buffet is presentation and variety. I also think that everything in a buffet is OK, not spectacular...the mac and cheese was pretty good. but i'm a mac and cheese fiend, so you'll need to judge for yourself. a little too much breadcrumbs for my taste.. the wicked fried chicken was surprisingly tastymini chocolate mousse. comes in its own chocolate cup thing.. its really really small and its red so maybe its red velvet? it was quite yummy.smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, capers... loved it. it was the highlight of my meal, actually. the asian soup allllll the way at the end of the buffet was pretty good too. don't add noodles... it'll ruin it. just drink the dashi broth and add some jalapenos for heat. great for hangovers....those were the only things that stuck out.
4	Very good buffet in the hip and classy Cosmopolitan Hotel. A wide selection of food with many served what they call "tapas" style. Which means served in small pots.The area was spacious, well laid out and decorated. Most of the food was quite gourmet. The stand outs for me was the mushroom soup (excellent), prime rib, assorted fish and chicken dishes, gelato (excellent), chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate covered marshmallows. The one disappointment was the chicken fried steak. One of the top five buffets in Vegas. Dinner price was $34.99.WOULD I GO BACK? Absolutely.
4	I totally dig the vibe of this place and I would recommend trying it at least once if you hit up Vegas.  Why?? Because it's just so unique, unlike any other buffet.  Personally I'm not a huge fan of buffets because I quite frankly cant justify paying $30 for myself to eat one meal.  I have a small appetite and always feel like I never really eat my money's worth.  However, I really enjoyed my experience here.  Aside from being super new and clean, I really enjoyed all the different fusions of flavor here.  Some highlights include their truffle potatoes, their endless dessert area, the creamed corn, their mac and cheese station, and their prime rib.  Everything came out in pretty large portions and in cute little handling trays.  I felt a little guilty for just trying a few bites of each item and tossing it but I really didn't want to waste my stomach space on just a couple items.  I wouldn't be as opposed to come back to this buffet when compared to other buffets I've tried in Vegas (Paris, Bellagio, Aria, TI).  Maybe it's because I refuse to dish out any more than $30 for a buffet but still, I would definitely suggest coming to this buffet above all others so far - best bang for your buck.
3	This is my first vegas buffet I had in...YEARS. Last time I been to vegas was when they were building the Aladdin(yes, it has been that long). So much has changed, and friends and I decided to hit up the new buffet place at the Cosmopolitan instead of the usual staples like Wynn and Bellagio.Sad to say, very disappointed. I have to give them props for trying something new. Much of their dishes are not your standard dishes, so may not(most likely not) appeal to most people palettes. Mac and cheese bar is a neat idea, execution is a bit lacking though. Their saving grace is their dessert. There is so much dessert its ridiculous. While I give 3 stars, I've also turned into a quality over quantity person as I got older. I'd much rather spend $40 for a nice meal, rather than stuff my face full of mediocre, but various foods.If buffets are your thing and you want to try something new, give it a shot. If you like the more standard fare, stick to the usual suspects like Bellagio. The M buffet might also be a better choice.Oh and there was absolutely no line at 6pm on Saturday night.
3	we tried to be sly and show up between lunch and dinner to "double dip." however, they actually shut down the boofet at 3 and reopen at 5. bastards! dinner came out to $44.14 ($35 + tax + mandatory gratuity), quite the violation.the selection at ws was smaller than bellagio/wynn. however, food presentation and choices were quite unique. i especially liked the concept of a mac n cheese bar. the lady in front of me kept trying to order an omelet. haha. it would have been waaay better if there was bacon, lobster, crab, and more cheeses to choose from.the problem with vegas buffets is everything looks great, but tastes just ok. ws was no exception. i find the made to order items usually taste better.i really enjoyed the dessert here. the mountain of chocolate strawberries were bomb. loved the bowl of berries and gelato. i also devoured a very delicious chocolate chip cookie. soft, chewy, with huge chunks of chocolate swirls inside. i'd pay $5 to eat that cookie again.
4	We have been here twice and both times...all the selections are different. To me, that was good and bad. Good because it changes the menu up a little, giving you an opportunity to try something new. Bad because all the dishes I loved were not there anymore =(This last time we went, which was in the middle of July, they had chicken and mashed potatoes....not just any mashed potatoes...it was green chili mashed potatoes, so yummy! I wanted to eat more of it, but didnt want to be so full right away.Anyways, I will be back. Next time I want to try their brunch. Hopefully it will impress me.
4	This buffet was really good, but it's one of the more expensive ones. We paid $35/person. The food was good - everything is served in little dishes. Although this was cute, I felt as if I wasted a lot of food. I like to get small portions (even smaller than what they served), so I didn't really eat all of the food they had in the dishes. The desserts were really good - particularly the creme brulee. They also had chocolate covered strawberries that were really good. Overall, it wasn't a bad buffet, but if I were to pay that much I would go to Bellagio :)
5	Gosh! I really wish I could carry an extra stomach or had a stomach the size of a hippo because there are so many options its ridiculous! I love that they portion everything out there for you that way you don't waste so much food. Because people suck at taking proper portions. It's either our eyes are hungrier than our stomach or we just grab big portions because we're scared someone will take the rest and when you get back theres none left for seconds (as if we didn't realize it was a buffet right?!?!) well...I did the brunch for father's day but the $30 brunch excluding the unlimited champagne (which is an additional $7) was still worth it. I mean if you're On a really boring date with someone at least you have the amazing interior design and contemporary art to entertain yourself with.The presentation was amazing. They were even put in cute little mini skillets and fryers. They were all so cute that I even ended up grabbing food I couldn't eat just because it looked too cute not to sit onmy plate. Their prime rib was tender, juicy, and full of flavor! They had steamed pork buns and yogurt. They had French fries and fried pickles. my favorite was the red velvet pancakes...mmmm amazing!!!! You have to eat it or I swear you should be banned from that buffet. Also the best part was the dessert section. They even had chocolate fudge and just Chocolate candy in anyway you think of itwas like willy wonka sponsored that dessert section. Anyway...go forth and experience it and if you don't then you can't really say you've experienced the buffets ever....
5	This place is simply awesome! They have a great selection of food and desserts. There is never huge lines. The decor of the place is great, it makes the food taste better..lol  The food is always fresh. My only complaint is that it can be pricey, expect to pay $30-40 for Brunch. Definitely worth it
4	So many options, tried essentially everything.. definitely had an augustus gloop moment. Wicked Spoon Buffet (greaterthan) Me... Buffet won..hahaTotal food coma after me & the bro left. barely woke up in time to get ready to go to Jet. Food is yummy, lots of variety from chocolate dipped strawberry, to ceviche, lamb, prime rib, crab, sushi, pasta, etc. If you're looking for a bomb buffet in on the strip go to the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Hotel is hella niiiiice too ;)make sure you wear your comfy pants & shirt..LoL
5	This is probably my favorite buffet on the strip! (not counting the RIO Seafood buffet). The hotel itself looks AMAZING! The food is top notch quality. I love the fact that everything is portioned out in single servings instead of scooping it from a large tray. I definitely recommend this buffet.
2	So Wicked Spoon eh....Dont know what the hype is about this Wicked Spoon Buffet other than that it's new and in the Cosmo and has a price tag of about $40 for dinner. I'm gonna start off with the layout and presentation. The Cosmo hotel itself is every small and cramped and that is pretty much what the buffet looked like as well. Much of the food served was is these small tin cans ? Felt like I was in the Slammer being served jail food through my cell...  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg&select=6QNDRT0wDwyala6eJ7fiFgFood: Blah !  I've tried WAY better. (Such as the M Resort Buffet) You would think since its a new Hotel that they would ante up higher on the quality of food... but no. Crab legs - looked more like shrimp legsKorean short Ribs - since I am korean, any short ribs away from my  house or koreatown bbq buffets wont compare. Meats- very small selection Salad- I did enjoy the ceasar salad, also served in small jail cell tin cans. I would take 2 bites and get another tin can, Thats how small the jail cell tin cans were.Overall this buffet is a mess. I came along with two of my close friends and they agreed as well as we were discussing it while all sitting in the bathroom stalls taking our load off from this nasty food. I mean for the price tag you would expect alot more. I would rather go to hometown buffet than wicked spoon.... wickedly nasty You want a real buffet in Vegas ? go to the http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson
4	I'll admit, I am a buffet snob. Wait, I mean WAS...I never knew what I was missing out on until I came to Wicked Spoon, against my will, with a bachelorette party. Let me just say - it changed my mind. Its really hip, and located in the newly opened Cosmopolitan, which in itself is fun to walk through. The only part that didn't make sense to me was that you wait in line to pay, then you wait in line again while they try to seat you. This ended up being a bit messy and it just made more sense to me to have you pay once you are seated. But, honestly its not a deal breaker. They also add on 18% tip for large groups (I think over 6?) which seems excessive when you pay $40 already and they just get you drinks and clear your plates. But its Vegas!My favorites: I loved the Asian Food bar, with everything from Dashi broth and noodles, to General Tsao Chicken. Every station served the food in little metal containers, in small portions, which keeps everything very clean and organized. The dessert bar is amazing, and ever changing. They have the best sorbets (mango, lemonade, etc.) as well as cobbler, mini cones, and macaroons. Overall, I loved the ambiance, the food, and the people working at the stations are helpful and friendly. They even saved my friend's phone when she left it on the table and we took off. Hangovers -they always  cause problems...
5	It was our second day in Las Vegas for our three day trip. After a morning of hitting the gym and relaxing in the pool, it was time for lunch. Staying at the Aria, the Heart of the City Center, walking over to the Cosmo was not too difficult.   After being not too satisfied with brunch at Aria's The Buffet (this will be a separate review), we wanted to make sure this experience would be well worth it. Bunny did some research and found Wicked Spoon. The sound of the name was intiguing and it drew our attention. We decided on heading over there for lunch. Locating this restaurant was not exactly an easy task. It was on the upper level, hidden in the back. Some art work was along the way, which included a huddle of dogs. However since then I've heard from others that there was two big heels where the dogs were, which makes me a little sad. It was $21 per person for lunch. There was plenty of seating and the servers were very friendly and nice. As Bunny and I headed over to get our food, we were surprised by how the it was presented. It was the first time we've ever seen someting like this! Everything was so cute! For example, beef stew was served in a tiny pot, while tacos were in a little plate and pad thai was placed inside a small to go box. I do feel sorry for the ones who will be doing the dishes because that's sure a lot of containers to clean.There was a lot of variety and many choices. Not only was the presentation of the food lovely, but it also tasted good! Another plus was that you would not need to worry about scooping too much food. The portions that were given were just the right amount. Everything seemed perfect and that made our afternoon!The next time I'm in Vegas, I plan to come back! I've also recommened Wicked Spoon to friends and mentioned my experience there.
5	Buffet at the next level. Who would imagine Bone Marrow? Seriously? The individual mini metal pots with lids are worth the adventures they hold. ot one was a disapontmet. The portion size is smaller so your able to enjoy the variety with out getting too ful. But we still shared them. Do not miss!
4	PERFECT for a typical vegas morning when you and your girls have a slight hangover. This place is super cute, very chic and modern design :)The buffet is a bit scattered though, breakfast is everywhere, pasta is next to tofu, sushi is next to beef..i think it would be more helpful if food is placed properly. The dessert selection is phenomenal! They are in great proportions, allowing you to take a bite at everything. They even have gelato ! It's super yummy..even though you can't serve it yourself..Well, you can always go back for more!
5	This is my favorite buffet in vegas. I used to frequent the rio and m buffets for years, but ever since i tried this place, i'm never going back. Some of the food is served individually in small pots or dishes which is nice since i have no portion control. ALL of the dishes i tried that had starchy carbs were good. (i.e. the leek bread pudding!!!! this was ridiculous and the risotto) ONLY gripe was that the prime rib was over-cooked by my standards. The dessert bar was murder.... I think i ate like 40 chocolate covered strawberries. I swear they sprinkled a little bit of crack into each one. They had oreo-covered marshmallows, strawberry shortcake, and a bunch of little things of which i had no idea their names or what they consisted of. But most of it was pretty darn good. I can't wait to go back in a couple weeks and GO TO TOWN on their buffet.
4	Wicked Spoon, I am a fan!Came here last Saturday with the boyfriend and some friends. When we came, it was right around 4pm and the lunch buffet had already ended and the dinner buffet was not yet open, so we had to wait for a whole hour before we could even pay to dine, but it was so worth it! We had 9 in our party and had to pay 18% in gratuity in addition to the $35/person price tag, but even with the high price factored in, it was still very much worth every penny!Let me start off by saying, the lamb chop is phenomenal!! The Mac & Cheese bar was good, but I didn't want to devour too much because I wanted to save room for the expensive goodies! The crab legs were somewhat salty (like most places) but who cares when you can just dip them in butter?I love the little containers that they put the food in; it's almost an illusion that you're at some high end place, except you can keep eating off the small plates without racking up a high bill. I also love the fact that they serve bone marrows. It's not everyday that you find this at a buffet. I love to smear the bone marrow on a piece of bread and use it as a spread....LOVEI also love their dessert selection; it's just as good as Bellagio's. Wicked Spoon, I will be back!
3	nothing to rave about. it's alright, if you like buffets. buffets seem to taste all the same to me regardless of hotel (i've tried bellagio, wynn, paris, ph, etc.)$29/person for Sunday brunch. we went around 1pm and waited for 30 minutes for a table for 6. best thing about the entire dining experience: chocolate chip cookie!!!
5	There are no words that seem adequate to describe the culinary delights of the Wicked Spoon. Five stars seem like a paltry reward for the amazing edibles this place served us.I LOVE buffetts, not because I eat a lot, but because I like to try a little bit of almost everything. One entree is just wayyyy too limiting.We didn't eat all afternoon to save up for this experience, which via Yelp reviews I could tell would be impressive. I was right. Hot damn. I've rarely seen this much food in my life, and I hardly knew where to begin.The best part is that everything comes in little cups - perfect for someone like me who likes little bites. There were salads, meats, sushi, a mac & cheese bar, desserts galore, seafood, pasta ... soooooooooo much food. By far the highlights were the mac & cheese bar, which was beyond phenomenal. SO much cheese, so much gooey deliciousness - I went with veggies, and a ton of cheddar & jack; the thai mango salad - spicy & sweet; the sushi selection and the desserts. Ohhhhh, the desserts. Everyone was right about the chocolate covered strawberries with heath bar bites, incredible. There was also gelato, tons of little pastries, cupcakes (divine) and much more than I could ever recount.Bottom line - this was place outstanding. Unforgettable, much like our entire trip. Worth every penny, and every calorie.
4	I was surprised how there was absolutely no line (maybe it was because the Mavericks just won game 6). The atmosphere was pretty chill. As you probably already know from a lot of the other reviews, a lot of their food are served on individual mini dishes. This had its pros and cons. PROS: Sanitary and Aesthetics. CONS: Although they are mini, the proportions are pretty sizable ( ended up wasting a lot of food) and you can only fit maybe 3 mini plates on your giant plate. Food was delicious especially the selection, they had prime rib, lamb, crab legs, and ribs.  A certain highlight if you are a carnivore. As for the dessert. Interesting flavors at the ice ream bar, but the cones were a little on the tiny side. Had to get 3 or 4 to equal one regular size cone. Still trying to search for reasons of the name "Wicked Spoon". Maybe it is a metaphor....
4	In buffet world, you get what you pay for, quality versus quantity here, a little pricey but worth it! Great services too...
4	My friend Sarah read up and recommended Wicked Spoon as our buffet of choice for our trip.  Now, having been to a lot of the big boys like Rio, Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, and PH, I was hoping to see if they could deliver a different buffet experience for me.  Overall, it was different in a good way.  Yes, the portions were controlled and done in small batches which insures that they are constantly cooking and replenishing from fresh.  No hidden back kitchen where an army of people make a big serving tray full of food.  Here, I saw them cook my food and plate it under the heating lamp.  I almost didn't even want to take anything that wasn't just freshly cooked!  If one is lucky enough, a person can just wait for fresh hot food to come out almost every time.Things that I did miss were the staples of Vegas buffets: large king crab legs, some sashimi options, and maybe a chocolate fountain?  I almost expected them to have a fountain of chocolate since it is the buffet of the Cosmopolitan? But eh, oh well.  For $35 for dinner, would I come back?  Maybe if I was staying here for sure but with so many new buffets to try, I'm glad to have tried this one and overall, left feeling delightfully full.
5	WOW, one of the best meals here in vegas. They had an incredible selection, great flavors and good service. This is the first buffet that had desserts worth eating (or over eating).My favorites were the shrimp and grits, blackened fish with hollandaise and pollenta with wild mushrooms. My least favorite was the Mac and Cheese bar, very small selection of cheese and it had a gritty feel that was very unpleasent. On the dessert bar I really liked the small pre-made servings, they were perfect for loading up on a wide range of flavors. On the entree line alot of the pre-plated items were way to large ( chicken fried steak and mashed potato ). On most items the wife and I would split a dish then get our own if it was a winner.
5	I read all the reviews on this on yelp and was really excited to try this buffet...and I wasn't disappointed! We went for the brunch buffet on a Wednesday. There was just a short 5 minute wait. It was $22 per person but included a free mimosa, bloody mary, or glass of champagne. An unexpected bonus! I really liked the selection and the way all the food was presented. The little mini pots that they serve some of their pasta dishes in were so cute! And the best part was the deserts. They were the best I've had at any buffet. Huge selection of various chocolate items, fudge, strawberries, pastries, and gelato. So good. I would definitely come back here again.
3	I like the single servings that they place the entrees in. We went in July and they didn't have the Vietnamese sliders. We were a bit disappointed (that lowered my star rating one down). The Asian section was a little greasy and too flavored, the kalbi was too salty and saucy and General Tsao's chicken was likewise. The best part of the night was the dessert - the chocolate covered strawberries were covered in all these nuts, like strawberries covered in Snickers. The marshmallows covered in chocolate and dipped in nuts were a dream as well.
4	My girlfriend and I are currently staying at the Cosmpolitan this week. We've eaten at the brunch buffet twice since we've been here and the food is really great. The quality and variety is fantastic. There is something for everyone and everything is super fresh.Only issue we've had is the time it takes to be seated for a table. As we were waiting on line both times, we saw that there were plenty of empty tables -many of which had already been cleared and reset.  Yet, it took a much longer time than necessary to seat everyone. There seems to be a lack of concern for seating the patrons as quickly as possible. Nevertheless, the food is really enjoyable and just be sure to save room for dessert!!
4	We had lunch here yesterday and the food was pretty good. We were curious about the small plates, which worked out really well. They clear the food around 2 pm, so get there well ahead of time as the wait can be quite long. Complimentary mimosas or bloody Marys for the adults. Lunch was $22/pp, half for kids, and free 4 & under.The walnut French toast with mixed berries and whipped cream and the omelette bar are worth coming back for.
4	This may be a buffet for folks who, like my hubby and me, dislike buffets - for the excess they encourage, for the wasted food, for the lines and carnivore centric formats. This may be a buffet for folks who prefer small plates formats and who like to have interesting vegetarian, even vegan, options in the mix. What we found when we tried Wicked Spoon during a June trip to Las Vegas, was it worked for us for a one time stop. Whether we'll go back or not on another visit, can't say because overall there are things about buffets that give us heartburn, no matter how good the quality of the food. (If you want to know what that is, jump to end of review.) But we're glad we tried Wicked Spoon once to see what all the buzz was about. Overall we think it lived up to its Yelp billing. Here's our summary assessment. Service: 5 Ambiance (as buffets go): 5 Food (as buffets go): 4 Value (as the Las Vegas Strip goes): 4 Here's what we enjoyed when we went for brunch on a weekday. (Breakfast / brunch / lunch format goes from morning opening to sometime in later afternoon when it transitions to dinner.) SERVICE: Ultra friendly, as with almost all service in The Cosmopolitan. Top notch. From check in to purchase your pass to seating at the table, to the folks at the food stations. AMBIANCE: Not your normal buffet setting for seating ambiance. See photos. In particular when in The Cosmopolitan anywhere in the facility look up! The lighting fixtures are diverse and interesting throughout. Including here. VALUE: The cost is higher than many others in Las Vegas. For those who want to chow down on the $14.99 breakfast buffet at Flamingo (where our relatives were on this morning), the idea of $22 and change (brunch / $30+ for dinner) for a buffet at The Cosmopolitan may seem too much to consider. From our view, you get what you pay for in food quality and options. LIMITED CROWDS IF YOU TIME IT RIGHT: There was a good sized line on the Monday morning when we first went. So we skipped it and went back at about 10:30 am on Tuesday and walked right in. Our advice - time it to skip the lines...because if they're not there at check in, they won't be there for the food service either! UNIQUE FOOD: As much as this has small plate formats for some of the items, served in little covered casseroles, there are also open service bins for some things. But somehow the quantities in them suggest fresher food and less "come on up to the trough to gorge yourself" consumption. There is also a large carving station for those who enjoy roasted meat proteins. On the morning of our visit it seemed to include things like ham, pork belly, prime rib and so on. The set up for the various food stations was as if visiting different continents or countries. There were standard offerings too, like pancakes and omelets for the breakfast service, but we leaned to the unusual, which is our tendency. Things we tried and enjoyed were... ...spicy tofu with red curry vegetables from the Asian / SE Asian section, ...creamy polenta with wild mushrooms from the Italian / Mediterranean section, ...the very best item of the day, a cauliflower puree with clementines and roasted cauliflower on top (we had seconds!),...plump Medjool dates with feta, ...refreshing watermelon salad with cilantro and cucumber....wicked good watermelon gazpacho,...beautiful fresh raspberries and blueberries. The dessert bar, which was huge, included hundreds of petite sized pastries and also a gelato station. This was the disappointment for us. Although we liked the tiny sizes (like 2" for pastries and maybe 2  oz for containers of panna cotta) the flavors in the fruit tart,  the meyer lemon panna cotta and lavender macaron we tried weren't stellar. BEVERAGES: Too funny that the brunch service is offered with a complimentary Mimosa, glass of champagne, or Bloody Mary but one has to pay for coffee. (Pretty decent coffee it is too.) WHY BUFFETS GIVE US INDIGESTION: Even at buffets like this, formatted to encourage reasonable consumption, some folks just can't break themselves of the practice of heaping plates with food and leaving half behind to go get another heaping plate to leave half behind. Different strokes for different folks, but this is why buffets, even pretty good ones like this, tend not to be our thing. I'd like to hand out a copy of Mr. Bloom's book: American Wasteland: How America Throws Away Nearly Half of Its Food... Wet blanket that I am.
5	It's the first dinner buffet when I visited LV. After compared with Wynn's dinner buffet, I would say this is the BEST!! So much more varity and quality is much better than Wynn. Their prime rib is so good and their crab legs are fresh. Seperate most of the entree in little portion are definitley better than traditional way. Tons of desserts for you to choose and a big gelatos choices.
5	Buffets kind of horrify me in general. I mean the sanitation issues alone make me cringe, but buffets are also the mecca of gluttony, waste, and indulgence. If you agree with me, put your moral dilemmas aside for an afternoon and bring your Santa pants.The wait was almost an hour but it was well worth it. The food is delicious and obviously prepared with care. The presentation is adorable, little pots and pans as serving dishes and shot glasses of soups. Service was AMAZING. Our server took our bottomless mimosas to heart and brought out double servings for every refill. The amount of champagne flutes on the table was epic.And dessert. OMG the dessert. Quality gelato, berry filled macaroon, dipped marshmallows, chocolate covered strawberries, and a red velvet Ho-Ho!I can't wait to go back!
5	Don't really like Vegas buffets but loved this one. Come early - the lines may not look that long, you'll still wait quite a bit. We showed up close to 5pm, and only waited about 20 mins.Most of the food is served in individual portions, and there's definitely a decent spread for food lovers. The selection was amazing, spanning from orzo, multiple types of salad, bone marrow, and gazpacho, to your more traditional crab legs and prime rib fare.That being said, not everything dish was perfect. The gnocchi was way too soft, the shrimp was on the salty side - although they were large and still really good, and the cocktail sauce had a nice spicy kick. Everyone's been raving about the chocolate covered strawberries but I didn't really like them. The long-stemmed strawberries were huge, but the chocolate was a bit soft and didn't have a nice flavor, and I wasn't a fan of nut/toffee/oreo additions either. They did have a little cheese selection with small pieces of brie, which I totally attacked.If you like all of your dishes executed with a flair of perfection, you may want to avoid this place. The small plates are gorgeous, but keep in mind that this is still a buffet, and set your expectations accordingly. I really enjoyed this twisted, gastronomy-oriented take on the traditional buffet, and I'll take this sweet little piece of gluttony over all the other massive feeding troughs any day.
4	This is the newest buffet place at the newest hotel on the strip, the Cosmopolitan. It's kind of hard to find as it's not called the "buffet" and it's in some second floor corner of the hotel, but just follow the signs for "Wicked Spoon" and you should be good. keeping in line with the whole "new" theme, it switches up the menu on the daily, which is good if you like to come to buffets every day or if you just like surprises.  its also an interesting "tapas-style" buffet, in that many of the dishes arent served in huge trays but smaller personalized dishes. all to create a high end atmosphere(and an equally high stack of plates for the poor waiters/waitresses), i guess personal favs: lamb and pork meatballs, lamb gnocchi, mashed potatoes(aka pomme puree here lol but it actually tastes as good as they make it sound), crab claws, ceviche, pork belly, DESSERTS The desserts are what makes this place almost worth the price of admission. chocolate strawberries were just ok for me but the gelato bar and bakery steal the show. i don't know what they put in their pecan and key lime pie but it made me come back for 5th and 6ths, respectively   it's now slightly overpriced at $35/pp when it used to be a steal at $29/per, but the quality is definitely there if that's what you're going for.  now, if there was only a way to put the wynn/bellagio's entrees and wicked spoon's desserts together for the ultimate vegas buffet experience lol
5	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas!!  Worth the $35 for dinner. Excellent quality and the single servings give it a gourmet feel. Go today. Go now!!!
2	In short, it's alright.Has an upscale cafeteria taste. Dishes are different than the existing vegas buffets. A little newer...but not amazing.People say the desserts are amazing, but they are just ok. Upscale cafeteria...again.If you're looking for wow, you may be disappointed. It's a little different than Bellagio...but not "wow".Btw, as of 05/08/2011, Mother's Day Brunch is $40. The unusual dish they had was bone marrow.
1	Bad. Bad. Bad. Worst buffet I have ever had. Overpriced and not on par with the rest of our stay at the cosmo. The presentation was great but they should invest more in flavor of food. Not one of the 3 of us enjoyed it. Rather than telling each other to try items on the buffet was good we were all sharing things to say how terrible they were. Don't recommend at all.  The dessert selection looks impressive but there really isn't a lot to offer there. Never again
4	I ate way more than I should have at this buffet, which is in part a testimate to the delicious food.  There are many selections and many items unique to to this buffet.  Duck, bone marrow, numerous fish and seafood dishes really add to the classy feel.  Wicked spoon has all the makings of a great buffet at a reasonable price.  I really liked the amount of dishes that were individually plated.  I'm sure it is much more work for the staff, but it gave the meal a much more restaurant feel.  The visual appeal of small composed dishes was much better than the usual "food mountain" I usually end up with at buffets.  I do have to mention, however, that for my money the buffet at the M Resort is still the best for my money.  Great food preperation and selection and of course free unlimited beer and wine.  Can't beat that.
4	Paid $37 if I remember correctly, for lunch.  This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!  I really feel like the quality of food is the same across the board for all Vegas buffets, they're never extraordinarily good but the food is made to taste exactly as it should.  But this buffet stands out because they serve most of their food in these individual portions of little pots and pans, so cute and pretty genius, your food never really mixes with each other on your plate.  And the place is really well designed and laid out.Okay the only complaint I have about this buffet is that their sushi sucks.  When I come to buffets, the 2 main places I'll hit up are the sushi and dessert and sadly this one really disappointed, too much rice and hardly any fish.  But all the other food was great, needless to say I was really satisfied.  They have an amazing dessert and gelato bar, come hungry :)
4	Me and the girlfriend decided to eat here since the place I originally wanted to was too packed. We went here on a sunday night paid roughly 37-38$.  Food wasn't bad and wasn't extra outrageous but it was pretty good, for the price on a sunday night, there could've been more selections on the hot meat tables. If I remember there was only lamb and some chicken.All in all though, this buffet was one of the best, I haven't tried the wynn buffet yet so I cant compare this to that
3	This place was pretty good.  Came here with a party of 12 last Sunday and didn't have any problems getting sat all together.  Food was fresh and very tasty.  Purchased the bottomless champagne, mimosas, and bloody mary's and was very satisfied.  The drinks just kept coming!  A couple negatives on the place though...1. there are no crab legs2. i had to wait 10 minutes every time I went for prime rib 3. the champagne was room temperature4. there is not a whole of of varietyMUST TRY's - Mac N Cheese and the grilled salmon.  Yummy!
3	I had heard great things about this new buffet in Cosmo. I had to go try it. Don't believe the hype. Overall it was very average. Some good some bad. The good: small individualized portions so you don't feel bad leaving behind the gross stuff-gnocchi minus the lamb (I don't like lamb)-desserts, especially the macaronThe ok: mostly everything else I triedThe bad: most of the fish entrees were overcooked, there were a few other yuckie ones but I tried to block them out of my memory.Sunday dinner buffet $35. Probably will not be back.
4	I was really looking foward to eating here because I had heard a lot of good things about it. I loved that the food was presented in mini pots and pans like it just came out of an easy bake oven! Who doesnt love miniature things? And the food itself was pretty good, you cant possibly like every single thing in a buffet!  The good- chocolate covered strawberries! The bad- they were out of celery for my bloody mary, used a lime instead? The ugly- ha! this place is so pretty!
5	I am glad I don't go to Las Vegas much....it would be even fatter!We wend for brunch (11am) and got right in.  Food was incredible.  It seemed that every dish was uniquely made to order, not old bulky buffet food, but small tasty dishes.  Desserts were dainty so you could have several and not fill up!  So far, my favorite in LV.
3	To start this review off, let me just say that I am not really a fan of buffets in vegas. I've never really preferred massive quantity for mediocre quality. That being said, I think Wicked Spoon is okay. We got there at 5PM on a saturday before the rush started, so you'll do yourself a favor if you get there early. We chose to go early because who likes to be full of food when they go out later that night? Not me. The food was pretty decent. I tried the truffled potatos, the shrimp miso, spinach salad, and a few other choice items. All in all, not that bad. I did like the fact that they were also plated separately, which made it easier and gave points for presentation. But, presentation doesn't make it for me entirely. Some of the stuff was also a bit overcooked. The dessert were also a big draw for me to these types of things, I tried one of each and didn't really find anything that stood out as well. It was all packaged wonderfully though (once again, points for presentation) but to be honest, the only thing I really liked was the chocolate covered strawberries and the Chocolate mousse/berry thing they had. The gelato was 'meh' since it tasted like the typical gelato stuff. All in all, not bad, but I probably wont be spending $37.50 + Tip for something like this again. I think although it is nice and everything, it is NOT WORTH $37.50, hence it is only Ok.
4	I'll be honest, this place scares me.It scares me enough to be reluctant to return to Vegas, a city that I love.It scares me because if I return I'll probably eat til I burst...or literally die.I haven't eaten at a buffet, much less a Vegas buffet in years and after a while, no matter how much you dress or class them up, they all seem the same; mass produced, cookie cutter-food meant to feed the gluttonies of an overweight, diabetes-ridden America.  So when friends of mine who i consider to have serious culinary tastes started to rave about this new buffet in Vegas' Cosmopoliton resort, I had to be skeptical.I mean, c'mon, can any buffet really be that good?So on my recent trip to Vegas I went with a large group for dinner and with all the hype, I went in with a pretty open mind.  Yes the entrance and decor is flashy and fancy as fitting for the new flagship casino/resort on the Vegas strip.  Ok cool, but what about the food?It only took me a few minutes of browsing the buffet aisles to realize what the noise was all about.  While some dishes are still served in large 'serve yourself' dishes and pans, the majority of the buffet items are presented in a tapas, small-plates style.  Everything from the salad bar, to seafood, to asian dishes were presented in individual dishes and tins which one, looks better and two, encourages portion control so you can avoid overloading on one dish and finding yourself running out of space for others.  I was like a kid in a Toys R us store at christmas holding a blank check given by my parents.  Basically I was paralyzed with endless choice and didn't know where to start.Some highlights:The Mac & Cheese station - Like an omelette station, you pick your noodles, cheese and fillings and the cook will make your own custom style mac & cheese with results for better or worse and I tried a swiss-gruyere combo with vegetables thrown in for color.Carvery - aside from the usual roast chicken and prime rib, they also had roast lamb and *gasp* beef bone marrow!  Dessert - full gelato bar and and array of colorful and cool looking premade desserts.Best of all, this buffet ran $40 for dinner, no more expensive than any of the other top level buffets on the vegas strip.  $12 all-you-can-eat sirloin dinner at the Golden Nugget this is not, but I wouldn't even compare the two.I may or may not be back depending how much I want to punish my stomach again.
5	Okay I've been to a few buffets in Vegas, and definitely Wynn's was the front runner. Now however, I must say that Wicked Spoon has topped them. Everything about this place is so nice... food is delicious, service is topnotch, desert area is awesome (save no labels thus you have no idea what heavenly desert you're about the enjoy). A must visit when you're in Vegas... and man who doesn't want to steal their tiny little cute cookware? I mean srsly ... mini All Clad pots?!? Yes plz...
3	Perhaps it's a 3.5.  We came here for dinner, which is $35...plus tax and tip, and you're looking at close to a $50 meal.  I'd rather go to a super nice sit down, which could still be cheaper than this.The presentation is great.  It's in the new and happenin' Cosmopolitan, all the dishes are separated for you (so you're not scooping out handfuls of...anything) and everything's cute and decorated nicely.  Let's see, I don't eat seafood so I can't review that part.  I had some of the ribs, bone marrow, Korean meat...all a bit dry.  The Caesar salad had some flavor to it, the pasta was probably the best dish, the mashed & truffle potatoes were mediocre, the gelato just like anywhere else...the best part were the chocolate covered strawberries (with oreos, and ones with white chocolate) which I had a bunch of, haha.  One friend commented that the best dishes were fruits, which you could get yourself versus their own concoctions.  Cute spot, different from the other buffets, but too pricey without fully satisfying my taste buds.
5	Had dinner here for the first time last weekend. Although I made a stupid mistake by drinking coffee prior to eatting here which caused me to lose my appetite, it was one of the best buffet dinners I've had in las vegas. Tried for the first time lamb bone marrow and it was delicious. Also had their white chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbs which was also bomb diggity. The buffet itself is different because they serve the food in small metal dishes so its easier for you to bring it to your table and add more sides to your plate. Definitely would come back here and ill make sure I am ready to eat!
4	This is the best buffet I've ever been to, hands down. We went for "brunch" at around 11 on a weekday. Yes, it's a little pricey, but very much worth it.The two things that I think that this buffet has that stands it out from the rest are the delicious wide variety of food available and the small portions. (Although you can get more if you wish.) Even if the food that you desire isn't available, you can ask and they'll make it for you. We left feeling satisfied but not overly full.Sadly, it gets one star taken off for the service. I think it's a problem with under staffing and not the quality of the one pregnant waitress that they had to take care of what looked like the entire restaurant.
4	this will be my new buffet to hit up. super cute mini portions in tiny pots and pans. huge variety of food choices and dessertsNot much of a wait and decor and service is good :)
5	Was here over Memorial Weekend (I know, I'm a little late!) and I was throughly impressed with this buffet. They had a fantastic selection of foods. The breakfast station was AWESOME! I can't remember the specifics but I remember I was impressed and enjoyed almost everything I ate!They serve you in small tapas style plates so you don't look/feel like a whale walking back to your table which is most definitely a plus. It also just looks classier! I will definitely be back over Labor weekend. Mmm, more wicked spoon, please!
4	I'm so glad I held out reviewing Wicked Spoon.  The first time I went there, it was a miserable experience.  I waited in line for about thirty minutes, had rushed service, and the food had so many different spices it was hard for me to find anything that I really liked.I would've gave Wicked Spoon three stars, but I gave it a second shot.  This time I went early for breakfast with a couple of friends.  I still waited about 30 minutes, but really that's to be expected with this buffet because there's so many people swarming to try it out.  Anyways, this time the service was a bit better.  The food selection for the breakfast was WAY better than lunchtime.  There were much more familiar choices yet they were perfected and so great to eat.  Nothing tasted too overly salty or sweet towards the end.  The apple sausage was great and I really liked their fried chicken wings as well (chicken wings for breakfast, Yeah!).  Anyhow, I guess they had some time to perfect their execution of this buffet.  I'm gladly giving them four stars.  I would aim for a five but the waiting time is a little too disorganized.
3	I would say it's a pretty damn overrated buffet. I honestly wasn't impressive with anything at this place except the awesome gelato section in this buffet. That was the only thing that I would think about if i ever coming here again. First of all I would say that this place is kind of hard to find because it's hidden somewhere in the cosmopolitan and that was a big uhhhh to me. 2nd of all why do you have to pay when you're in line? It doesnt make sense because what if you wanna get out of the line bc you're sick of waiting so it makes absolutely no sense why you would have to wait in line and pay. 3rd of all if i was gonna pay $45(including tax)  then i could just go to jaleo again for a nice delicious, interesting fancy dinner. Honestly the hot food really wasn't that great and the only reason why i went all out was because i had to make the money by eating all these prime ribs and crab legs. They weren't delicious but if i was gonna make up for my 45 dollar i have to go all out. BUT I DO REMEMBER there was one awesome thing about the place besides the gelato and that was the excellent service we got from our waiter. I thought our waiter was extremely patient for a party of 11 people. He always had a smile on and he was really nice when he was pouring our drinks and such. Props to the waiter! REGARDLESS i don't recommend coming here...it really wasnt that amazing
3	First things first, you have to pay before you wait in line.  Again, you have to pay before you wait in line.Wicked Spoon provided a great selection of food that I normally wouldn't be able to get.  However,  the quality of that food was only sub-par.  The bone marrow seemed fatty, and the prime rib not very tender.The little things also matter quite a bit.  The waiter forgot a lot of the items we requested, and salt and pepper bottles both had salt in them.Wicked Spoon is probably over-hyped, or I just had a mediocre visit.
3	Came here for the dinner buffet on a Thursday. The price was $35 per person. The food was presented in a gourmet fashion. Most of the food was pre-plated. Everything looked great and tasted pretty good. The downside here was that everything was heavy and full of fat which wasn't to my benefit since I have some dietary restrictions I need to follow. However if you don't have any dietary restrictions to follow this buffet is pretty fabulous.
4	Much better than I thought it would be.  I had brunch with unlimited mimosas and bloody marys, which were nothing special.  They never stopped coming, though.  The food was the best I've ever had from a buffet.  Mac-n-cheese was some of the best I've ever had and I am quite the connoisseur.  Desert was typical Vegas buffet stuff.  I don't think there was anything life-changing in the desert section but I'm not too big on that part of the meal anyway.  Overall, best buffet I've ever had.  I would go back on my next trip but there are just too many to try!
4	Vegas buffets are a dime a dozen...but not this buffet.Pros- Quality dishes/entrees- Quality ingredients (truffle oil, lamb, bone marrow, etc)- Good service- Nice decor- Mac and Cheese Station? Sold!Cons- Skip the sushi. You shouldn't be eating sushi at any buffets.- The asian dishes could use some love (at any buffet).- The crab legs were "Ok"- They close at 9pm? WTF!!
2	SO disappointed by Wicked Spoon!  I was reading all the raving reviews and drooling over the pictures for weeks before my trip to LV.  Boy, was I in for a sad surprise when I came here on Friday.  My friends and I each paid nearly $40 for dinner and were promptly seated at a booth.  I would recommend that you sit at a table instead for easy in-and-out privileges.  Ugh, we had quite a time getting up and scooting around for each other.Anyway, the food was OLD.  Seriously, a majority of the dishes that had sauce on them already had an ugly, old, crusty or filmy look and texture around 6:30PM.  That should be like the prime time for dinner, but they didn't put out fresh food for the longest time.  I get that sometimes business is slow, but if you keep leaving gross looking food out, who will want to eat it?  It's just a never-ending cycle, you know?I was super unimpressed with the variety of the evening.  A lot of the good food I saw on the Yelp albums were not available and nearly everything I ate was super buttery.  I like butter as much as the next person, but shouldn't there be a variety!?Also, for some reason the food made 3/4 of my girlfriends ill for the rest of the night.  NOT.  COOL.  We came to Vegas to stuff our faces, not to cleanse our colons!In terms of parking, try to park on the WEST side of the lot.  We parked on the EAST side and had to walk about 5 minutes to the buffet.  This is not an issue for me, but it's fair warning for those who are lazy or are with people with mobility issues.
5	Make this one of your Vegas destinations for brunch.  Trifecta of beef cannot be missed-Korean short ribs, prime rib, and lamb or tri-tip or huge beef ribs.  Salads and veggies are not to be missed.  Loved the heirloom tomatoes salad, Ratatouille, cheeses from California (haha!), and AMAZING desserts-better than Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio and even better than Bellagio's buffet (and they have better gelato and even better croissants!  Our server almost swooned telling us about Wicked spoons' tiramisu gelato).  Went back the next day and although almost exactly the same they changed a few things-adding clams and fried chicken and other goodies.  Do not go for sushi or seafood or mac and cheese-limited and not very good. My favorite dessert was the purple Macaron sandwich-DIVINE.  Was telling airport personnel at check in about it and he recommended the buffet at M hotel but it is out of the way and far from the strip just FYI. Gained 5 pounds but worth it-gonna starve myself now,....
5	Spent the weekend in Vegas.  I was looking forward to coming to Wicked Spoon for a while.  The reviews seemed favorable and the concept interested me.  Needless to say, it lived up to the expectations.  Went for a dinner on Sunday, it was $35 a person.  Didn't have to wait longer than 10 minutes as we got there at around 6 PM.As other reviewers have mentioned, much of the food is served in tiny little portions.  This makes portion control very easy and allows you to eat a multitude of different dishes.  Highlights included the BLT salad, shrimp and grits, and the kalbi aka Korean beef ribs.  The kalbi was a bit on the salty side, but still good enough for me to go back for seconds.Dessert was a real treat.  The gelato was the best.  I tried the tiramisu, white chocolate coffee, oreo, and strawberry balsamic.  All of them were delicious but I found the strawberry balsamic to be particularly interesting.  There were mounds of chocolate covered strawberries as well, which were also to die for.All in all this buffet is a nice change of pace from your standard buffet fare.  It has a bit of a more gourmet twist to it which definitely warrants the price tag.
3	Date/Time:  Tuesday - 8pm & Saturday - 12:30pmOccasion:  Dinner first, Brunch secondParty of:  TwoLocation:  Very gaudy and eclectic decor.  Buffet spread is very clean and organized.  Like the pre-portioned food.Ordered:  All-you-can-eat on Tuesday night & Saturday brunchTotal incl gratuity: ~$45pp for dinner. $37pp for brunchDisappointed...not once but twice!  I came here first during my fourth of July weekend trip and actually just paid another visit this past weekend during the trip with my girls.  I don't see how this place is getting such high marks. The food is laid out well however the quality and the variety is just not as impressive as some of the other buffets I've seen, like Wynn or Bellagio.  What baffles me, too, is that the price is the same as those buffets of a higher caliber.Some of the food during my visits included but not limited to: caesar salad, tomato salad, ceviche, your normal hot foods like mashed potatoes, veggies, chicken, pastas, sausages, carving station with turkey, prime rib, lamb, steamed snow crab legs, mac n' cheese station, a small selection of Chinese foods like Chinese broccoli, fried rice, BBQ pork, make your own faux pho, and miso soup.  During my brunch trip, there were breakfast foods like sausage, bacon, country fried steak, omelet station, baskets of fried chicken, fresh fatty bacon, and some sushi.  The fried chicken and the string beans are the only ones really worth mentioning.  The food is only OK.  During my dinner visit, I was shocked they didn't offer Alaskan king crab legs, especially for that price. Dinner pricing: $37.00 per person, while brunch was $29.00 per person (without the champagne.)  What I did like about this place is that most of the food is pre-portioned for you in a little carafe.  It keeps it a lot neater and probably helps people take what they'll eat rather than scooping loads of food on their plate only to waste it later on.  I don't think I'll make another trip back.  Too many more options to try in Vegas.
2	Went for Saturday brunch with 8 others and it was such a disappointment. Paid so much for a buffet which was really dry, flavorless, and fruits either really sour or going bad.
1	How Wicked Spoon got anything over 2 stars is beyond me. First off, my favorite Vegas buffet at the moment is at the Aria. But since my cousin told me that Wicked Spoon was 10x's better, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. We went there dinner time on a Tuesday night, and the place was half filled. We are seated immediately and head over to the food to begin Gorge Fest 2011. I was excited at first because of the presentation. A lot of the food came in cute little pots, but most of it was lacking in taste. I tried the bone marrow, which is supposed to be their specialty, I have to say there was more grease than marrow. The shrimp was alright, plump but that's all I can say about it. The crab legs were ok, but I was a bit disappointed since the Aria offers not just snow crab legs, but also King crab. Again, the Wicked Spoon was only visually pleasing, because the dessert bar kinda made me feel like a kid in a candy store with all their selections. I must have had 8 different desserts on my plate, and none are really worth mentioning. Ehhh...going back to Aria buffet next time.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE! i go here every time i go to vegas!i love everything they have. and they have the best dessert bar!
4	Still hung over from a night of drinking we strolled into the Wicked Spoon with one idea in mind, stuffing our faces. I hadn't really slept much and still had a headache but I figured that an all you can eat paradise would get me back on track.  That and maybe a couple more drinks...Now while waiting in line to gain entry into the promised land, I did what every bored fat kid does when waiting in line at a buffet.  I left my friends to sneak a peak at the goods (and maybe have a taste or two).  Best idea ever!As I walked around I noticed that they had a dope carving station with my all time favorite item...ding ding ding PORK BELLY, which was resting beside a giant leg of lamb and a perfectly cooked tri-tip. I began to drool...Honestly at this point I didn't care for much else.  I was planning on eating my weight in pork fat and slabs of rare beef and lab.  I was sold. I then grabbed a few pieces of humbolt fog and headed out to meet my friends and pay.Once in I b-lined straight to the carving station and filled my plate up like I hadn't eaten in days.  Heck after leaving the carving station I didn't have much room for anything else, which worked out well because I had gotten what I came for. MEAT MEAT and more MEAT!And we lived happily ever after...Other notable items were the salads, cheeses, and mini appetizers.  I wasn't a big fan of the pastas, or fish item I tried.  Wood fired pizza was good, and I loved pureed potatoes. The Asian section kinda sucked, but the Asian section at most buffets usually suck so lets call that a wash.  The desserts are kinda wack, minus the gelato and the tiny dessert thing with the mini macaron on top (so cute).Overall I just wasn't that impressed with anything except the carving station, but like I said above it was love at first bite. In fact I'm still dreaming about that succulent pork belly and perfectly cooked beef.  #beingfatrules
3	I hate to say but I'm going to have to report several disappointments with my Wicked Spoon experience. First, this Buffet is WAY, WAY over priced. To come to this conclusion you have to really see what's going on here. They have layed out this buffet In such a way as to save money and short change the customer as much as possible. The Single portions may be cute and all, but if you look at what's there they are skimping on things that cost the most money. Pork ribs with risotto. Large portion of risotto with 3 tinny bits of pork. Interesting! Any dish with rice was 98% rice and almost no meat. This was all over the buffet right down to the extremely thin straws they give you for your soda. The slower you drink the less refills they have to give you.     also, the reason I came to this buffet was to try the bone marrow. I made sure to call SEVERAL times to find out if they serve it every night. I was told this was a staple of there buffet and one of the things that sets them apart from other buffets so they have it every night. Guess what they didn't have the night I was there? Of course, the bone marrow. I did talk to the manager about this and he told me they had run out the night before. He then said he would like to invite me to come back to try the bone marrow another time. I'm not sure what that means but I don't think it was going to be for free. I would not have had a problem with it if I didn't call repeatedly and was told they have it every night.         I have also read in other reviews that people had a hard time getting refills of soda after there first one. This happened to me as well. It seemed like after I asked the waitress for my first refill she just disappeared and never came around again. Interesting for a buffet that's $38 with tax.         I will say, much of the food was very good. I did enjoy most of what I had. The carving station did have some very good meats. The desserts were also rather good.         I don't think I will be back to this buffet as there are many in Vegas that I enjoy more and are cheaper. If your out to spend some cash and don't mind getting ripped off a bit give it a shot. You may have a better experience than I did.
5	In terms of buffets, this place is great. They have a wide variety of food, and the presentation of it is all great. I love the small pots and 3-bite dishes. I was very impressed they had bone marrow at the carving station as well. If you are looking for something different in your buffet experience, then Wicked Spoon is a must-try. Do not skip on the Mac and Cheese station and save room for dessert!The best part was 7:00 and no line.
4	This is one of the best buffets on the strip, and it is also a true value. $22 for an adult at brunch (there is no lunch at this buffet - brunch just includes a free alcoholic drink for the adults) is a steal compared to some of the other hotel buffets on the strip (a.k.a. Bellagio), and this buffet beats the other expensive buffets every time (a.k.a. Bellagio). The mashed potatoes here are excellent, as are the desserts. However, this buffet was better when it first opened in December of 2010. Nevertheless, still a great time and some delicious food. You might want to come in the morning or afternoon, since you are going to eat a lot when you come here. Dinner might be a little heavy.
5	We had to end our Vegas trip with a BANG...and oh we did!! This place is totally a 5 star winner! Located in the most beautiful hotel in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan, we were in for a feast!! I forgot my diet...and said..what the heck...this is Vegas...and devoured almost everything is sight. The small bites concept is a great one, because it's just enough to be be able to try so many different ones...and please save room for dessert...those chocolate topped strawberries are delicious!
4	being a  Cosmo hotel guest, it was annoying having to wait in a long ass line for the brunch. we were HUNGRY!even  Marquee had a separate line for hotel patrons. ugh. anyhow,...they served a complimentary champagne/mimosa for brunch.=) we definitely stuffed our faces!the ham was good, eggs benedict, gnocchi, ribs ...geez i can't remember what all I ate! I ate 5 full plates. desert bar was heaven for me.         SUPER HEAVEN! chocolate covered strawberries, mango gellato, chocolate covered marshmallows,..all my faves!  I ate until I was no longer able to breathe, for my stomach had expanded and almost raptured my lungs. next I will try their dinner. I read something about bone marrow spread. I like bone marrow =)
5	We came here for brunch the day after going to a so-so buffet in our own hotel. It was worth the 18minute wait to get in!Red velvet pancakes and french toast were delicious. I love that many items come in individual containers such as the fried chicken in mini fryer baskets. The desserts part of the buffet was absolutely amazing.Definitely make your way to the Cosmopolitan for this delicious food fest!
5	OMG Amazing. Best buffet in vegas. Everything comes in little portions. I think they've realized people just want to sample and gorge on everything. The little portions are perfectly sized and desert is amazing...especially the chocolate cake with caramel sauce and gelato. Definitely a must try.
2	Yup, that's right. Sadly, not even 3 stars. We came here for a Saturday brunch with 7 other people and definitely a disappointment. There was no prime rib available, only tri tip. Who would choose tri tip over prime rib?? Kudos for having leg of lamb, but still - don't ditch on the prime rib. That is a Vegas buffet NO NO.There was no line, and now I know why. Food is mediocre, despite the nice presentation, taste was just not there. The only good part of the buffet was the dessert area. Desserts were cute and tasted very good, especially the gelato! The gelato is the only thing saving this place. Service was also below par - our waittress disappeared for long periods of time and just didn't seem very happy with her job nor with serving us. Not going back. e v e r
4	i usually am NOT a fan of buffets.. but this place really puts other buffets to SHAME!they have a lot of individually-sized portion items & some not.. if you want to try everything.. your table should just get one of each & then decide what you want 2nds of!AMAZING DESSERT SELECTION.. especially the humungo chocolate covered strawberries!!!WAY BETTER than the wynn buffet & cheaper too!!!
2	Really, how did this buffet get so many good reviews? In my opinion, spend your money at the Wynn or Bellagio Buffet.Great concept of individually portion sized pan servings but it was still too big for me to finish. The buffet is quite small compared to Wynn, the size of the venue could be compared to Rio's Seafood Buffet.I honestly didn't enjoy any of the dishes served.Mac and Cheese Bar: Best station of the bunch, get to create your own.Fried Chicken : more like a chicken wing without any batter, mashed potatoes were watery, tastelessBlacked Cod with Hollandaise : sooo saltyKalbi short ribs. Ok but too sweet for meGnocchi: Decent, soft and fluffyBlt salad: All salads are already drenched in a pool of dressing.I loved the cheese bar! Not your traditional assorted cheeses (cheddar, jack, etc) but rather soft goat, brie and blue cheeses offered.Desserts: Good variety of choicesChocolate covered strawberries with a choice of crushed Oreo's, peanuts or toffeeChocolate covered marshmallows with the same choices as the strawberriesFudge bars, ice cream, gelato, etc.
5	Finally, another buffet to rival Wynn and Bellagio!  Plus - it's just a little cheaper.Love the individual portions.  Great vegetarian choices.  The decor is hip.  And the deserts are wonderful!We used to eat quit a bit at the M buffet because it's closer to our home.  However, we've found ourselves traveling to the strip a lot just to eat here.
1	Food looks great but tastes terrible! I've been to many buffets and I know that buffet food is buffet food but Wicked Spoon is low on the Vegas buffet scale.For Sunday Brunch, there weren't any crab legs like advertised. We found this out the hard way after paying to get in and then being told that they didn't have any crab legs. What is a Vegas buffet without crab??Sushi is terrible. Individual Mac & Cheese and other pastas were also terrible (mealy overcooked pasta).Tacos were overcooked and the tortillas were rubber.Prime Rib was dry and unflavorful.The best thing about the buffet was the desert bar. Gelato was delish as were the chocolate dipped strawberries.
4	I consider this place one of my all time favorite buffets in Vegas. You don't get an overly huge selection, but what you do get is 5 star quality gourmet food. Word of advise I would suggest coming for the weekend dinner over the lunch or breakfast just because the selection is way better.There is so much to love here. Spare ribs, skirt steak, crab cocktails, cheesy shrimp & grits, bone marrow, gnocchi, pork belly, smoked salmon, risotto, mussels, and a mac n cheese bar just to name a few. What more can you ask for?They do lack in good sushi and dessert though. Other than the gelato the other desserts are only so so. I also don't get a lobster tail which I hear you get at the Aria, but then again i don't want to pay $50 for a buffet. The Wicked Spoon gives you top quality food at a great price.
4	Three thumbs up for the newest and best buffet (yet) at The Cosmo. This was our first time here and it was definitely worth the 45 minute wait. This includes the line to pay and the line to wait for your table (don't get cpnfused)! We paid $29 each for brunch (bottomless mimosas not included in this price). There were SOOOO many options to choose from! I loved how all the dishes were in small portions so you can try wverything. My favs were the French toast, prime rib, kalbi, mac n cheese, fried chicken, the salads (pre-maid), shrimp cocktail and lamb. The dessert ISLAND is amazing with a ton of choices - from cookies and gelato to chocolate peanut dipped strawberries to chocolate covered marshmallows. Dessert junkies beware! Ones I expected to be better were the eggs benedict (should not be pre-made) and orzo (no flavor). If you're looking for a bomb-ass buffet, you need to check this one out!
3	I was a bit disappointed by this buffet and the service. We waited almost half an hour to get our drinks, and this was only after we had to flag down another server after several others blatantly ignored our attempts to get their attention.The food was good, but pales in comparison to the buffet at the Wynn. Crab legs were good, but not the king crab legs that they offer at the Wynn. I loved the shortribs with pasta, but only one or two tiny pieces of meat per serving? Come on. The prime rib was great though. It was flavorful and tender. Their kalbi was good too, but I can make a mean kalbi at home so it was nothing special. I loved their make-your-own mac and cheese bar. We went with chedder and mozarella cheese, carmalized onions, and bacon. Yum! Fried chicken wing with chipotle sauce and mashed potatoes was bland. Saki soaked turkey breast was good, but char siu was run of the mill. Shimp in the shrimp and grits was rubbery and bland. Their dessert buffet looks impressive, but besides the gelato, most of the flavors were just okay. It was good, but I'd rather go to the Wynn if I'm spending this much on a Vegas buffet.
5	Simply put, this is the best buffet you will find in Las Vegas or anywhere.  Each trip I made to pick items from the buffet I was continually amazed.  I thoroughly enjoyed the mac n' cheese bar, gnocchi, potatoes, crab legs, prime rib, chicken tikka masala, and the desserts.  The waitress was very attentive and helpful throughout our table's extended stay.  I'll definitely be back to Wicked Spoon during my next visit to Vegas, whether I'm staying at Cosmopolitan or not.
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas. Definitely top 3.  They have a huge selection and also great quality. Their desert section will put a lot of desert stores to shame. Definitely a place to check out!
3	Long overdue for my semi-angry review...  after reading all of the amazing reviews for Wicked Spoon and seeing the 700-some odd photos that people had posted on Yelp.com, I was persuaded to skip out on the Aria Buffet for something new.  The walk alone is a long one.  Especially if you're a girl in heels!  You will see a bunch of random artwork along the way until you hit the end of the road.  THEN, the line was a good wait & once you thought you had gotten in, they made us wait until an actual table had opened up.  The food was good... it was my first time having ratatouille & I ended up liking it.  I thought it was interesting that the servings were on separate miniature plates/pans - but it was difficult stuffing a bunch of food on your plate as room would quickly run out.  After all of the photo clicking, I noticed how they had bone marrow, yet the afternoon I went, there was no bone marrow found.  :(  and it was one of the things I was REALLY looking forward to.  (let down, man).  I will say that the gelato was delicious and the mini desserts were so good looking and almost too pretty to eat.Since the lady at the register did not ask if I wanted to purchase the champagne brunch, it wasn't until after we had been seated and I wondered if I were to just ask for one at the table that they would bring it.  (silly me I suppose... but how was I supposed to know how the system worked if it was one of the first times I paid for a buffet, let alone it was a new one).  From the time we were seated, I had waited a good long 5 minutes until someone came to get our drink order.  I asked for a glass of champagne, the guy asked for my ID (handed it to him) - and mins later I had my drink.  After that, it was like we weren't give any attention at all.   We even had to grab our own salt and pepper from another table since the wait for someone to come by had taken so long.  No one ever came back to re-fill or take plates away.  I had to call a person to come over.  I wanted a re-fill, yet this time it was a different waiter and this guy actually took our bill, looked at it and said, that we did not purchase a champagne brunch.  I told him how we were never asked if we wanted to purchase one.  He said it would be I think it was $15 extra if I wanted it now.  (it was already towards the end of our time there anyways, so of course I said no).It just sucked how we were treated there since the food was not bad.  The dessert area was my favorite.  Attentiveness is MUCH needed as no one seemed to pay attention & walked around like chickens with their heads cut off.
2	This place used to be SOOOO GOOOD. Now it's just crappy. :(
5	This was my first visit..food was delicious!! Or waitress april was theeee best!!!
4	Pros:- $35/per person for dinner on a weekend.  Yes its a PRO because Bellagio/Wynn/Rio are all around that same price, but you have better quality of food. So its a free upgrade from your typical vegas buffets.- Its definately a new experience since they portion out your food so that you dont 'over eat' an item, which is a good thing so you can have space for other food!- We came on a saturday night around 7 pm, waited 5 minutes and was seated. Thats faster than waiting in line at the women bathroom at the bellagio buffet. - The waiters was very very attentive and always there when you needed them. They took away all our plates with quickness so that we can go get more food. Cons:- NO creme brulee! Apparently, they do have it but not on the night we came...on a SATURDAY NIGHT. The GF really wanted it and I didnt get laid that night because of them. -1 STAR.- their sushi selection was pretty sad. you get to pick from california roll, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll and a rick roll. Im going to give them a chance and not subtract a star here since I wouldve gotten laid regardless whether or not they have more selection of sushi.
4	i was actually surprised to find wicked spoon buffet on yelp because i hadnt heard much about it before. im not a good person to take to a buffet because i usually cant eat my moneys worth, but my friends wanted to go to a buffet on our trip. i chose wicked spoon buffet. we went at about 6 or 7PM and there was no line. it actually looked a little empty. it was $35/person and we were quickly seated. the decor was beautiful, just as the rest of cosmo. very modern with crystals, colored glass and tables covered with lacquer. soon after we had started eating, the whole place started filling up and there was a long line. there was a wide variety of different kinds of food, and not just your normal buffet food, but bone marrow (?!), polenta, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato, and little tiny stainless steel pans just to name a few. visually the food was just as beautiful as the decor. i was impressed. food wise, it was okay. i tried almost everything they had but not everything tasted like the best ive had.
4	Came here for lunch and although the wait was approx 45 mins, it was worth it. For me, this beat Wynn. I don't know about you, but mashed potatoes done right says a lot for a buffet. Also, come on, their desserts? yeah, buddy. I'd literally eat a bowl of sweet whipped cream (meant for their strawberry shortcake) by itself if no one were around to judge. This buffet makes my conscience think twice about preserving my dignity... I'd do crazy things for some of their succulent food offerings. They have a delicious guava shooter that I devoured... x 5 LOL. And their prime rib, sweet bloody mary, so rare, so divine. I'd totally come back, I totally will come back. It's a bit pricey though and hard to find.
4	Love this buffet!!!! the choices are endless and very yummy for a buffet. Food is always warm and served in its own individual mini sauce pans. Best of all the water they place in a beautiful glass container is so good. I almost didn't want to drink it....too pretty
4	While this buffet is a tad pricey, I felt as though it was worth the price. The food quality was good, there was quite a bit of variety and the atmosphere, like the rest of the hotel, was trendy but not overpowering. One of my favorite parts about this buffet was how many items were served in individual portions. Yes, there were also some "standard" buffet style items but there were also small pots of portioned out items. The mac & cheese station will be a hit with adults and children alike, allowing you to choose a type of cheese and a variety of items before they prepare the mac and cheese before you eyes. The dessert selections were varied and delicious! I was pleased with absolutely everything I tried from the sushi to the pasta to the chocolate dipped marshmallow.
3	A classic example of food looking better than it tastes. I was very excited to come here after looking at pictures on Yelp but ended up feeling underwhelmed. Let's start with the positives: presentation. I like that Wicked Spoon understands the concepts of small plates. A lot of the hot food was placed in small iron skillets and bowls, which made it look exciting to look at. The point of a buffet, at least to me, is to sample a little bit of everything it has to offer. Small portions are genius because it allows me to try everything, and then go back for seconds if I like it. Another aspect I really liked was dessert, namely the chocolate-covered strawberries and gelato.Most of the food I had was disappointing. The mac n cheese was so-so, the crab legs had an oddly bitter taste (from the lemon?), and the salad was drenched in dressing. I didn't try the cakes but the BF said it wasn't good. Bottom line: I didn't find myself going back for seconds. One thing I did really like was the cauliflower puree. But I mostly had everything once and once only.Not really worth $45 in my opinion.
2	Underwhelming. Presentation was great bc they had individual portions for grub that people usually scoop out with tongs, etc. Service was terrible.  We didn't want anything to drink so asked for water - apparently that means we only want one pitcher of water and no one to ever come by ever again.  When they did take my previous buffet plate, they left half the food on the table - I didn't spill it from my plate, the waiter did. Disappointing.  Also, the chocolate covered strawberries were terrible.  They used all the ugly semi-old strawberries and covered it with chocolate.  Some of the noodles of some kind were cold and I'm pretty sure they weren't meant to be - because it didn't taste good that way.What's up with their sushi too?  Not a sushi bar/buffet but still, 2 or was it 3 choices is pretty limited and they were super dinky.I'll definitely be hitting up other buffets next time I'm in Vegas.dmo out.
4	First off I LOVE the Cosmopolitain Hotel! Its not surprise that the Buffet is amazing even though its a bit pricey. Very bouji!The most notable thing is that the desserts are exceptional and are really beautiful. This place is catered more on the pretty and danty. Its an ABSOLUTE GIRLS PARADISE! Not soo much a place for guys, there were only a few meat items which included the lamb and beef roast, which were on the mediocre side.Overall, I loved the small portions, cause it makes it easier to try everything all at once. The must are the desserts and puree potatoes.
5	Love the Cosmopolitan Hotel/Casino.  If you didn't know its a part of the Marriott resort family, therefore, being a Platium member they gave me and my boyfriend Brunch Buffett for two each night we stayed at the hotel for free!  Can't beat that deal.  They had a separate line where we didn't have to wait to pay/be seated.  The staff / hostesses were super friendly and remembered us each day that we were there.  The dood was very good and fresh.  Alll their dishes are served on small plates, which is great because you can try a variety of food.  Plus, I feel the food is presented better this way than out of a typical buffet platter.  Definitely try the mac and cheese - Delish.Eggs Benedict - AmazingFrench Toast - one of my favs!To my suprise the Sushi was great!They also had this Swiss Cake Roll lookalike thing but it was made with Red Velvet Cake.  It was to die for.  My boyfriend loved the General Tso's chicken.Also, the brunch buffet came with Mimosas, Bloody Mary, or Champagne.Definitely will be back next time we are in the Vegas area!
4	Great buffet! Highlights include the prime rib, kalbi (korean bbq), macaroni and cheese station, and, of course, the wide variety of desserts.  $35 per person for dinner, but well worth the money!
5	The best buffet I've ever been to hands down! The presentation is gorgeous and the service is really nice. They're unique in their individual portions, which is convenient but my mom pointed out, what if you want less than the pre set amount? I'm not sure, just a side note. Nothing major :) They offer water either as still or sparkling in pretty, self serve bottles. Their dessert bar is off the chain. Looks like something from the Willy Wonka movie in presentation. I ended up getting this strawberry cheesecake cup with really good pink meringue on top but only liked the meringue. I restrained from picking the yummy pink rolls off of everyone. Also, didn't try to the mac and cheese bar, but it seems to be the highlight of the buffet for many.  Someone else mentioned the chocolate chip cookies and how they'd pay $5 just to eat one again. I read reviews before we went and had to try the chocolate chip cookies first. He's right! I'd pay $5. Cookie Corner ain't got nothing on it. Try Wicked Spoon, to me it's awesome, I mean theres lots of buffets in Las Vegas to get your gluttony on which are fabulous (Bellagio, MGM, Wynn) but for quality it can't be beat.
4	YUM! Wicked spoon buffet had a pretty wide selection of food and the sushi was delicious! They had a HUGE dessert section. You MUST try their caramel candy bar gelato (i think thats what it was called?). The sushi was mediocre here, everything else was decently good.Service was alright. Like every other buffet, the waiter/waitress come whenever they see empty plates on the table. ***Parking***: NO PARKING! It's located on the strip so take a taxi or shuttle!Cash/Credit/Debit are all accepted here.
5	Amazing! My sisters and I came here after the spa, and loved every second of our experience. The food is better quality than any buffet food I have experienced, and the choices are nearly endless. This buffet goes well beyond sausage and eggs, pancakes, and prime rib, to include such things as watermelon gazpacho, BLT salad, salmon pizza, sushi, truffle potatoes au gratin, asiago-stuffed gnocci, tacos al pastor, and chicken salad sliders. Really delicious, unique, and gourmet food.And the desserts are out of world, and gorgeous, with the same vast selection and attention to detail as the rest of the dishes.
5	This is my all time favorite buffet in Vegas. I've been here twice. I took my boyfriend and his family, and they all loved it! Service is super speedy! They take away plates and refill drinks really quickly.They usually have small servings on fancy plates. I honestly prefer this, because sometimes my eyes are bigger than my stomach.Mac and Cheese bar= AMAZING! My boyfriend won't shut up about how great this idea was. I typically stay away from asian type food at buffets (I can get that at home, just better), so I stuck to prime rib (YESS!!!), crab legs (skimpy, but all you can eat, so it's worth it), and a couple more things. Sometimes you'll find things that aren't so great, but it's cool cause they give you small servings. Try whatever you want! My favorite part is the dessert. They have a lot of gelato. My top favorites are lemon pomegranate, pb&j (THE BEST!), strawberry balsamic, and mango.  They also occasionally have macarons, which are delicious. Also, a tooon of chocolate covered strawberries. The only problem I had with them are that they are mixed in with nut covered ones. My boyfriend is allergic to nuts, so I was kinda upset that they wouldn't take into consideration cross contamination. Overall, one of the best buffets. It does cost $35 (near $40 with tax), but totally worth it.
5	orgasm in my mouth
4	This has to be one of the best buffets I've ever ate! The dishes are all so cute and it's not like a normal buffet more like a cafeteria, but with way more class. My favorite dish was the Shrimp and Grits, they were cooked and seasoned perfectly. They did serve snow crabs warm. They also had bone marrow, but unfortunately it was gross. I don't know but I love bone marrow, but theirs was gooey and tasteless. However their dessert bakery was awesome! I only had one wish that it could be in my kitchen all the time! This is a must try buffet!
1	feels like eatting at hometown buffet! most food are super oily and creamy.  they charged $35 ...for such service and food quality , i dont think its worth it. best dish : watermelon o_O
4	So, the hours are meh.The place was pretty good. Well portioned out, though as a person that eats a lot and tries to get the bang out of his buck at a buffet IT IS A NICE TRAP. By portioning things on ur plate (you can get a maximum of 4 things, then go and sit back down and finish all 4 things). Most of the area on your plate is NOT being utilized WHY? because it's being covered with the sectioned off food)Biology lesson of the day: Your stomach is the size of approximately your fist and u can eat twice that size; Once you fill up the stomach it takes 15 minutes for the stomach to tell your brain it is full. 15 minutes is valuable in a buffet, especially one with quality food. You bet that I ate as quickly as possible and i ran to get my second plate and third and fourth, etc....Sectioning off is meant to get you fuller through simple biological neural stagnations.The food was amazing, you really can't go wrong going to this buffet. The dessert section was heavenly. The service was quick - taking the plate as soon as I left my seat. The tables were small.Overall a good buffet in Vegas, though watch out for its traps.Pros: Amazing assortment of food, Great service, aesthetically pleasing.Cons: sectioned off foods adding more weight to the plate than is necessary. Trick to get you full faster/keep food warm (i guess).
4	Went with my friends for Sunday brunch.  $29. For $37 you get free-flowing mimosas, bloody marys, or champagne.  Several of my friends got it and they seemed to enjoy it.I'm all about the desserts when I go to the buffets. They have an assortment of damn cute lil pastries and delicious gelato.  The best has got to be the mango gelato.  As my friends would say, "it's like real mango...but it's not." No stringy mango stuff stuck between the teeth.They have an assortment of stations which include an Asian station with soups, dim sum, sushi rolls, etc; a pasta station, omelette station, breads, salads, cheese and meats; pancakes, waffles, and french toast station; carvery station with prime rib and other yummy meats they cut in front of you...did I mention I love their dessert station?The cool stuff and nom noms:The tiramisu cup dessertStrawberry shortcake station with fresh strawberries, pound cake, and whipped creamGelato--peanut butter and mango were yummyFried chicken in the cute little frying basket  Portions in the cute tiny, stackable tinsThe dark chocolate/passionfruit puree with crunchy chocolate bits in a parfait shooter glass. great combo!the fresh berry tart (square shaped)Minus a star for:somewhat dry mac and cheesetoo much soy sauce on the korean style short ribs
3	I've had brunch and dinner here. Presentation is super cute, but service and food need help. Our server at lunch was nonexistent (never got the ketchup we asked for, water was only refilled once). Food seemed to have issues staying fresh. For example, the skin on the fried chicken was not crispy and the faux chocolate ice cream cones tasted stale. Did not have anything that stood out - just came because we were staying at the Cosmo and it was convenient.
4	After a day of partying out by the pool and then walking through the smoldering hot strip to get to the Cosmopolitan, I was about ready to down a pitcher of water, but I restrained myself so I could eat more of the deliciousness that lay before me.We came for Sunday dinner at 5:30 and there wasn't much of a wait luckily.  $35 for dinner is reasonable to me since it is Vegas and the food is gourmet.  And we spent about 2 and 1/2 hours there, so I feel like we got our money's worth.I like the little pots that everything is served in because not only are they super cute, but they prevent people like me from taking more than they can eat.  Plus, I get to feel like a tasting judge on Iron Chef.They have gelato at the dessert station which is cool.  Pistashio is pretty yummy.  The build-your-own strawberry shortcakes were good too.  They also have a made-to-order mac n cheese station! I made one with shrimp, bacon, tomatoes, white and yellow cheeses.  So gooey, cheesy and delicious!  Too rich to eat it all, but worth a try!  My only complaints were that they serve dinky little snow crab legs instead of king crab and they didn't have creme brulee.  If you're one of those that come to buffets and gorge on the crab legs, this might not be the place for you.
3	What an over filling experience. You had to roll me and the wifey back to our room. Nice decor, presentation, and different items on the menu including the bone marrow and the leg of lamb. Also a huge selection of desserts including chocolate covered strawberries and gelato! But a little disappointed with the food overall. Because of the small containers that I admit was easy to pick up and put on your plate, some of the dishes were either dried out or not that hot. Also the small plates at the salad bar were room temperature instead of being cold. Friendly service and very clean I rate this place at 3.5 stars. P.S your ladies will get a kick out of taking pics of themselves in the giant shoes in the hallways before u get to the restaurant.
4	Decided to dine here on a Saturday night with 2 friends. 38$ including tax. A table for 3 consisted of a 15 minute wait, so i thought this better be worth it. They serve everything in mini individual portions, trying to capture the 'gourmet' feeling at a buffet. Some what successful in terms of presentation however i feel that by presenting their food in such a fashion, you receive less food than you would at a normal buffet. I attempted to try everything they had once but ended up only 'sampling' about half of the selection.The food tasted okay, had its pros and cons. It seems they tried to get creative with the food itself too which is noted, you'll see a lot of food you wont find in a normal buffet, I thought they we're really good with some of them but some were only okay, and some were downright disgusting.... They seem to be lacking in the dessert portion of the menu, only serving a limited selection of mini sized desserts. (TBH, they all remind me of Jello with additional gimmicky decorations to attract the "ooohs and ahhhs" (gold flakes, powdered sugar, berries were nice though). Their gelato bar was sufficient as for they had good flavors. Grapefruit was really underrated in my opinion (seemed to be the least scooped from their freezer) and was my favorite in that category. Service was the normal "5 star fancy hotel" type stuff.. nothing too special.Pros:Puree'd Cauliflower - remind me of a mixture of mashed potatoes/soup.Mac n Cheese bar - some guy makes your mac n cheese like he would an omlette. Nice selection of condiments (i went with cheddar and jack, sauteed mushrooms, baby asapargus, crumbled bacon, and chili flakes)Rhubarb/berry cobbler - since it comes in individual portions, it seemed like a mini pie you would buy at the bakery, which made it very presentable unlike cobblers at other buffets where it looks like its been ravaged through stuff.. Tasted the granola in the topping which made me happy, the filling consisted of rhubarb and berries.Shrimp and grits - tasty shrimps, but only two shrimps a pot.DIY strawberry shortcake section - Easy pass on the cake, Fresh strawberries with a nice dollop of freshly whipped? can't go wrong.Cons: General Tsao's Chicken - General Tsao would MURDER you if you served that to him.Asian food - step it up. feels like im paying $35 to eat panda express, highlights of asian food included "cha siu pork" and "kal bi ribs", Cha siu uses a different cut of pork then the one they chose, so it was dry.. kal bi was overly greasy, to a point it was soggy with grease. crisp it up better.. Crab legs - yeah, i understand that you're going for the mini-cutesy theme here.. but in reality ive had $10 dollar buffets that had bigger crab legs then this. Its okay to serve mini portion stuff but baby sized shellfish just means you're cheap.Limited selection of roasted meats - although i'd like to say the roasted leg of lamb was delicious.Mashed potatos - big fail, tasted like pasty butter. they add chunks of potatoes in it but your mash is trash.DIY strawberry shortcake section - DOES IT LOOK LIKE I WORK HERE?Presentation - 5Atmosphere - 5, cutesy portions attracts the 'facebook pic' crowdFood - 4, (comparison to buffets) 2.5-3 if you compare it with restaurantsPrice - 3, still felt a bit gimmicky.Solid 4.Would I come back? Yes.
4	The food is fresh and tasty, the dining room is pleasant, and the service was absolutely top-notch.If you want great sushi, gyros, or mexican food you should go to one of those restaurants but if you want a good taste of everything, the Wicked Spoon is your place.  There was a long line to get in even though the place was not crowded at all.  This knocks the place down a star.  They inexplicably make you wait to pay and be seated as if to slow down the rush to the buffet. The buffet price is on the higher end but it was definitely worth it in terms of what you got for the money.
4	We went there for dinner because our daughter told us about it.It is a long walk from the tram to the restaurant on the 2nd floor. I headed down to get sushi and fried shrimp with it's head, legs and tail still attached...it was YUMMY. As for the sushi, it was okay, but where are the chopsticks??? My next helping was crab which had thin legs but was all ready sliced. It was tender and moist. I thought for sure it was going to be dry. Tried the watermelon gazpacho which was really good and the general chow's chicken was excellent. I really didn't like the corn succotash...not the flavor I like.If you're looking for desserts. don't get the ones that are under the lights 'cause it will definitely be dry...cookies and cake.The coffee was bold and full of flavor. There was a sign at the entrance that said $35 Sunday through Thursday. So, I asked what the prices for dinner on Friday and Saturday and it was the same price.
3	The food was served in little pots, which made it very interesting.  There wasn't anything super fancy, but I did enjoy what they offered.  They have a good selection of cuisine.The dessert was probably the highlight of the meal, the was a good selection and they were all very good.The service was really bad, the waiter never refilled our drink, he never came by to check on us.  We had our two toddlers with us, so he probably didn't want to deal with us.  Needless to say he did not get a good tip, my husband still tipped him, I would not have tipped him at all.
5	I've never been to a LV buffet before so I have nothing to compare it to, but  judging it alone, I would give it 5 stars.First of all, this place is beautiful. Nice decors, and really pretty chandelier and a good size restaurant. You pay first ($35 for Saturday dinner) and then stand in anther line so that they can seat you. There was a good selection of food. Everything sounded like it was made on the food network channel or something. Everything is portioned onto individual plates which is nice so other people don't touch your food and your food don't touch, but it takes up a lot of room on your plate. I liked it though so then I can just eat a little bit of everything.Some of my favorites was the cheviche, salmon and truffled potatoes and the hand carved meats. And I love the desserts! Everything was pretty much bite size so you can just have a sample of everything and all the desserts were DELICIOUS. My favorite was the chocolate covered strawberries. The strawberries were HUGE and were PERFECTLY riped. I'm pretty sure they were on some special steroids or something haha. And they have a gelato area. Pomengrante lemonade was sooo good and refreshing.Overall, this I thought this was a really good buffet. There was really few things that I didn't really like. I would come back. See pictures (whenever I put it up haha)
4	The hype is that it's "organic" which I've been hearing from people's mouths is not why it's popular...it's the fact that the dishes are different from other buffets. Red velvet pancakes, food served in small pots, foie gras...just stuff you wouldn't see at other buffets.For $35 and quick line movement, this place is a def must stop if you're in vegas. I didn't want to go here in the beginning because I thought the hype would make this place a long wait, but for a group of 10+, we didn't wait more than 20 minutes. They didn't have crab legs, but I thought the food itself was worthy of $35. My favorite was def the pesto mashed potato, the red velvet pancakes, and the eggs benedict (i went back and got 2). They even had seaweed salad which costs about $7 at the supermarket for only 3 chopsticks full.The reason I gave it a 4 was because when we went they weren't making red velvet pancakes, but they were available upon request. The waitress who served us got irritated with us because we requested it and said that we were, "wasting her time and to ask the chef to make it" even though the chef had asked us to ask the waitress. I thought it was rude and was going to complain to the mgr, but I think the waitress heard us wanting to complain and then became very nice to us all of a sudden. Of course one waitress shouldn't be a complaint to the establishment in general, so I would go back.
4	I require myself to go to Wicked Spoon everytime I'm in Vegas.Eating at a buffet does not have to mean leaving disgustingly full.For $35, it's a great deal!
4	My family and I went there for a Saturday brunch. Servings are very cute. They have a lot of choices for the dessert. Their cute key lime pie tart is more delicious than Joe's. Overall the food got good quality but is it as good as the fine gourmet restaurants? It's not quite there yet. Since I'm not a buffet person, I might plan to comeback after 5 years.
4	beware, there are 2 lines to wait in: LINE TO PAY and the LINE TO GET SEATED. when we first got there, it wasn't that bad, but once we paid and were instructed to go to the back of the 2nd line, our faces were gloom.the service is great, they want you to enjoy the food. the food was better than i had expected, individually plated dishes which helped me with portion control. I went for sunday brunch and a few things stuck out:omelette station: not bad. about a 2 egg omelette ready in 3 minutes but the line will be longer than that.egg benedict: this was good, but annoying to eat. they stuff it in a tin can and you have to scoop it out, would much rather have it on a plate.prime rib: was fairly pink, but hey, it's prime rib. chicken sausage: that was good, i loved it with the eggs and bacon and pancakes.shrimp cocktail: 2 per container, but it was really plump and good. it's been awhile since i had some good shrimp cocktail.the price was worth it, $29 + tax. I left stuffed and with a good experience.i recommend this place.
3	after having holsteins for lunch, i was excited to check out wicked spoon that night for dinner.. this was the only buffet i had during the trip so i was preparing myself for a food fest.. there are two lines for this place.. one to pay, one to get seated..since there wasn't anyone in the pay line we missed memo and just went to get seated line.. no worries, once we got to the front we quickly stepped aside to pay and were seated right afteri was expecting so much more given that they have a broad range of american, asian, italian, etc food..-fish: was salty-prime rib: was the best overall (i went back a few times.. some pcs were either under/over cooked though)-had bone marrow (first time seeing that at a buffet)-crab: i didnt know what type of crab it was but it was tasteless -dessert: there were a nice amt of options, however, most didn't taste as good as it looked.. they were all small and cute but there was nothing i wanted to go back for secondsi'm not sure if i'd go back here yet.. might just go back to the old tried and true wynn buffet..----quick update: came here on my next trip bc everyone in my grp hasn't been and wanted to try it.. we came 30 min before they closed for lunch so all us loaded 4-5 plates ea before digging in.. it was quite the sight to see!.. i still think the food was ok.. well, actually i didn't like it as much as dinner.. i want to try bellagio or go back to wynn for a buffet
4	This place is an amazing and modern take to a traditional buffet!! I love that almost all of their dishes are portioned off for you already so you aren't over eating on one single item. Portion control people!!!We came for brunch which came with a mimosa or bloody mary. Some highlights were the fried chicken, korean bbq, pizza, traditional eggs benedict, and all the fruits and salads! Such a great buffet!! Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I've been to Vegas 3 times & have eaten at numerous buffets, and NONE can compare to the Wicked Spoon.  It was the best food I have ever consumed!  Every dish was so creative.  The baby back ribs & Korean BBQ beef were to die for.  My husband loved the fresh steamed crab legs.  The desserts were to die for!  Although it is one of the pricier buffets on the strip, it is worth every penny.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas! Their dishes are a funky spin on your favorite foods. I mean you can't go wrong with a make your own mac n cheese bar. Eat as many crab legs as you can!!  Even the sushi was good.. I can't wait to go back!
1	I swear this is my last buffet in Vegas!There are lots of food and different food to choose for my $22 however, i can't find anything taste ok, they are either dry, very dry, heavily seasoned, watery and blend....just very buffet quality of food.Except two thing: Gelato & the complimentary champagne are good...
5	The lunch buffet at the Wicked Spoon had an amazing combination of good food, beautiful decor, and great service. I thoroughly enjoyed this buffet and felt it was definitely worth the cost. My first time walking around the buffet almost brought a tear of hungry joy to my eye: there was so much delicious looking, well presented food. From little cups of prepared salads, to a meat carving station with some excellent lamb, a tray of delicious turkey, halibut, and little cute pots of pastas and purees, everything here both looked good and tasted good. The desserts werent as impressive as the real food, but there were some that were pretty good, such as the warm chocolate cake with caramel and a paper wrapped cake thing.The real topping to the buffet though is the decor and service. Modern, luxurious, but still relaxed. It actually felt like being at a nice restaurant. The server was also friendly and helpful, always assisting us in clearing our plates. For $23/pp with a drink, the lunch buffet here is well worth the price. Would definitely come back for lunch or dinner.
4	Great selection! More selection of food AND dessert items than Bellagio. As for the taste of the food, it was okay. The food item that stood out the most was the purple macaron with a berry filling. As soon as I ate one, I went back for more, but they were already gone. The wait to be seated was very fast. I took off a star because the plates were so dirty! Seriously, you can see bits of food from previous users on it. Come on Wicked Spoon, you can do better than that. It was pretty gross. Hopefully, they will clean their plates better next time.
4	I wish I ate more here, but I, somehow, managed to fill up on all the carb dishes. Including, but not limited to, the truffle oil potatoes!! MMMMM!!!They also have bone marrow! It might be kind of gross to some people, but it's quite a delicacy. Also ladies it provides a great source of iron..or I guess anemic people in general...but especially ladies who may be losing iron....but I'm anemic. I only wish they had some sort of bottomless alcohol drink time of day sort of thing.Otherwise, it's pretty good.
4	We came here for brunch before heading our way home to OC. It was pretty good for what they had to offer. I liked their strawberry covered chocolate with toffee, I think that's what it was. Small portions, plates were picked up and drinks were refilled in a timely manner. We plan on coming back for the dinner buffet next time we're back in Vegas. And maybe then they'll get their 5th star.
3	I am a Vegas buffet aficionado. I have eaten at most of the supposedly top buffets including the Bellagio, Wynn, M, Red Rock, Mirage and now the Wicked Spoon.  The Wicked Spoon is good, but not great.  They have a few outstanding dishes, but a lot of mediocre ones as well.  Several of the dishes were way too salty, including the Korean ribs and the Mac and Cheese. others were lukewarm or tasted like they had been out too long. The atmosphere and service were nice, but not exceptional.  Highlights were the gelato, tofu with coconut and Cinnamon French toast, but for $22 (lunch) there is zero doubt in my mind that the M Resort Buffet beats this place hands down.  The M is $16, includes beer wine and coffee liquors and the food is superior on every level - taste, preparation, variety.  The M, IMHO, is still the buffet to beat.  Second place would be Wynn, third Bellagio, 4th Wicked Spoon.  Don't get me wrong, the Wicked Spoon is a good place, but reading how people gush about it, I thought it was important to put it in perspective.  Enjoy Vega$!
5	Great buffet.  All the food tasted good.  The service was excellent.  They did offer all you can drink wine for $7, which I didn't take at the time.  The portions are small but you don't have to waste anything, which you shouldn't.  The gelatos were bomb.  I didn't like the other pastries and I didn't taste the chocolate dip strawberries.  This is the spot.
4	The Wicked Spoon is pretty new and has the workings of the new and hip buffet to hit up whenever you're in Vegas. I was here last weekend for dinner. The place really gets you going when you look around at all the offerings of food, and I really dig the little portions that they make for you to pick up. Also, the gelato ice cream area was awesome and the dessert table was one thing I really wished I had more room in my stomach to eat more. The only gripe I had is that some of the dishes were a bit on the salty side, but I feel like that would only really be something related to the chef cooking at the time. I can understand that whenever someone cooks and it's not flavored enough, one can keep adding salt not realizing until it's too late that it's too salty.  Yes, I think that's what happened here, especially to two separate dishes, a fish meal and the asian(?) ribs.What this place down has for sure is presentation.
3	went for brunchonly good thing about this buffet is that its $22 and comes with one free mamosa or champage, or bloody marie, if you're into thatpresentation was very nice and creative, but it was very depressing to finally bite into the food and realize it didn't taste good.  i felt pretty bad but at most i took a bite of every single thing they offered then asked the waiter to take it away cus i didn't wanna wast space in my stomach to finish it when there were a lot of other things to try toodessert was good, had gelato and these macarons with fruit inside
3	Overall: 3.5 starsPersonally I've gotten tired of eating buffets in Vegas, but I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of different types of food.  The bone marrow is definitely one of the reasons why you have to come to Wicked Spoon.  The serving size was generous and goes well with bread.  Another option I would recommend are the desserts.  I've never seen so many different choices at a buffet, but I fell in love with the gelato.  All in all, I would recommend the buffet if you're looking for casual dining.
5	Finally a Vegas buffet that gives Bellagio's a run for its money. Unique presentation that encourages trying new things. Truly creative dishes. Focus on quality, not quantity. Very attentive staff. Totally worth the $40.
5	Me and my group of friends went here this just past Saturday.  The day before we went to Belagio for buffet and we were so impressed and yet we're even more impressed here at the Wicked spoon.  The ambience is great.   The food is great.  It's Crazy good here!  My taste buds are jumping on every bite.  I don't just taste one thing, its always something that compliment the other taste.  and Yet you have to make sure you still have room for desserts.  Desserts here are pleasing to the eyes and taste buds.  The only thing is its only open until 3 pm so you have to be there early to enjoy or you'll end up in the line with no time.
4	The weekend  dinner buffet is 100 times better than the weekday buffet. There is a Mac-n-cheese bar that makes the best m&c I've ever had. I get cheddar, blue, goat and mozzarella with crushed red pepper and sea salt. Plus they have prime rib bones and gelato. So good.
5	By far, one of the most AMAZING brunch experiences I have ever had...and I loves me a good brunch.I've heard nothing but amazing things about this place and so I had to check it out come Sunday morning of our stay. My boyfriend and I arrived there around noon to find that the wait was about an hour...but looked longer. We were willing to wait. The boyfriend went to play as I waited and about 30 minutes into the wait, I was pulled out of line and to a table.The buffet spread is huge here! The chefs were cooking up food behind the stations and the food all looked fresh and was pre-portioned so you didn't see spilled food over the counters and what not. All the food was amazing! I loved the varieties of foods like the lamb leg (cut to order in front of you) and the french toast and fresh salad options. Stay away from the Miso Soup...way too salty.And of course, upgrade your brunch to the bottomless mimosa/Bellini option. It's just not brunch without a few mimosas.
4	YUMMMMM the desssert is awesome..so far i like this more than Bellagio buffet. The crab is awesome and even the decor is awesome. They have $47 unlimited red/white wine or just $40 a person for dinner. Lots of Asian influenced food, but lots of great food though. The whole environment is amazing!!
3	My friends and I arrived at the Wicked Spoon half an hour before they were closing the buffet. But it was all good! We were hungry anyways. At least I thought I was. Unfortunately, I didn't have the appetite (aka a bit hungover) to eat and gorge on buffet food. I really tried! I didn't want to eat too much, too fast and then have to head to the ladies room to puke it. :( I envied my friends who were able to eat.I tried the shortribs, yum. I was able to stomach that. I tried some of this pasta with lamb stuff, just nibbled a little bit. Sadly, that was all I remember eating. I think I also had noodles. After nibbling what I could, I headed for the the dessert station. My stomach was ok with the sweets. My favorite were these little chocolate mousse cups filled with blueberries - I had at least two. Lesson learned, never go to a buffet hungover (at least for me anyways).I would like to come back here (some day) to try out the brunch! I will be sure to visit sober and super-hungry!!
5	Simply the best brunch buffet I've ever been to... Vegas or otherwiseIt has the size and variety of a Costco warehouse, with the quality you would expect from a top-end buffet in Vegas.More to the point, many items are prepared in individual containers that you pick up, rather than a double-dipped trough of food. This works to make the food much more appealing. The quality and variety is all you can ask for and the decor boarders on the ridiculously awesome.You owe it to yourself to come here.
3	The Pros:-Week night price for buffet dinner was only $35.  Drinks extra.-Our server April was a kick and was fast with drinks.-The dessert section is crazy!!  Even in small, little bite size portions, you can ache your tummy before you can stop!-The mac & cheese bar is a ridiculous concept.....like an omlette station, but with ~20 options to put in your mac & cheese.The Cons:-Many of the dishes served were just simply "meh".  Outside of the salmon (which was outstanding) there wasn't one of the entrees that I wanted to have more of.-It was very dead in there...of course we ate pretty early (5:30ish) and some of the entrees had sat under the heat lamps too long and didn't look appetizing in the least.Oh well.  We gave it a go......and when we were all done, we were still in Vegas, Baby!!!!!
5	Thank you vegas for having a buffet FINALLY worthwhile!! Okay people!!! For those of you who said the M buffet was the "best" you guys NEED to get here asap! Everything in this place made my mouth water. I went here for the brunch buffet and oh man, my breath was seriously taken away right when I stepped in. The presentation first of all is great. Everything looked as good as it tasted and they came in organized little containers as well so it was so much easier to get what you wanted. There were a lot of good selections of foods here. There might not have been a TON LOAD of food choices like some other places but they had a decent amount and they ALL were worth tasting. And this place actually gives you the OPTION of paying more if you want free alcoholic drinks (more than just beer and wine too) unlike the M which just automatically charges you for the alcohol even if you don't drink. But enough of  the comparisons, this place is just overall the best buffet I've been to in vegas and I feel like I need to inform everyone that if they're really hungry and want a buffet that won't let you down then COME HERE!
4	so prettttty... and so yummmy!!I usually hate buffets, but I looove Vegas buffets!They have everything in mini-pots, and its so adorable (and clean)!  My bff and I got the brunch/drink special, which is unlimited mimosas/bloody marys/champagne along with our meal.  I think it was only like, 10 dollars extra?  What a deal, right!? Usually, it is very difficult for me to eat at a buffet because of their limited vegetarian/vegan food, but the selections here were pretty diverse!  Service was great too -- we got front-of-the-line because one of my friend's was in crutches (and the line was longggg eheheh). I didn't have much room for desserts, but I tried the ice cream/gelato and it was amazing! nomnomnomnom
2	Seriously 35 bucks a head?  The mac and cheese station was a cool idea, but seriously the mac and cheese was runny and it just didnt work, the desserts could of been richer and a better selection.  The salads were good, they had a marscapone infused polenta that was excellent.  No big shrimp cocktail, the crab legs were luke warm and not hot, its a nice dining area, servers were quick and attentive, but for the price this not a deal, or a buffet I will go to again.  The asian area only had 3 items, and the sushi selection was HORRIBLE, no ahi no sashimi or nigiri, the rolls looked lame and like something you would find at a gas station in barstow.
3	After a friend's recommendation, I decided to take my gf here for brunch. Since she was flying out Sunday, we decided to have 1 last buffet of good food. Prime rib - good but could be juicier Egg benedict - okay but I've had better at Mandalay's room service. Homemade bacon - love it. thick and full of flavor with a nice portion of fatChinese chicken - no good Fried chicken wings - lacked flavor and no crunchSalad bar - decent and great varietyThe dinner is what a lot of people mention about this place, so I can only really rate this place on my Sunday lunch experience.
5	i LOVED it here!! i'm not really a buffet person anymore since i can't have more than one plate. and i never finish my first plate because i always want to save room for desserts! the price for a weekend brunch is a bit steep... $35 and for another $10, you can add on bottomless champagne, mimosa, and bloody mary's. now, onto the food... they have a HUGE selection... from asian to mexican to italian etc. some of the items are in little pots or baskets and it's so adorable! ohhh and the dessert area... i fell for the gorgeous presentation! see the pictures i've uploaded if you don't believe me. i can't wait to come back for dinner!
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas!!! Ambience, food and dessert...you will not be disappointed! This is THE best kept secret in vegas. It feels like a restaurant but has so many restaurant quality dishes to please anybody.
5	This place is good. Some of the food is set up in really cute pots and baskets and they have a lot little desserts. Everything reminded me of a tea party. The downside of this place is the time they are open.
4	This place is so unique from the other buffets in Vegas! The food they serve here sort of reminds me of tapas-style, since the dishes are already portioned for you. For example, the lamb meatballs were served in a tiny pot that you could bring back to your table! They had something from each type of cuisine, but what I remember having was korean short ribs, sushi, compressed melon salad, prime rib, crab legs and much more. The dessert area was so pretty; our group ended up taking pictures of it! They had chocolate covered strawberries, gelato, and various types of tarts, fudge, etc.Dinner is reasonably priced at $35. This is definitely a place to try at least once!
3	I liked the concept of this place but wished the food taste better.
4	Got brunch here. It wasn't too bad. They have several great dishes and the food is well prepared. I really can't fully appreciate any buffet until i try the dinner. So for now, it will be 4 stars.
3	Cute tapas-style place with unique side dishes like creamed cauliflower sides and watermelon gazpacho in tiny cups!  They even had huge slices of cheese and heirloom tomatoes which I love!  I know who cares about veggies and shizzzz?  MEATS - yes, they had a meat carving station with sirloin, sausage, ribs.  I sampled it, but liked the rotisserie chicken and fried chicken with crispy onion bits best.  They had crab legs (not king crab) and shrimp.  Also, they had a good mix of dishes like lemongrass fish, carnitas tacos and gnocchi.  Dessert was so-so as there were no labels for anything, but the peanut butter and jelly gelato was a winner!!!  They also had fudge which I adore and never see anywhere but Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory. LOL.I liked it, but then I got a tummy ache and I didn't even stuff my face like I usually do.  I was seriously shopping afterwards and had to run back to the hotel cuz my stomach was doing jumping jacks.  My husband said that is my fault for eating boring fried chicken, cauliflower and tomatoes at a $40 buffet. WAHHH!  I still pick the WYNN!  Esp. for desserts!
3	I came here after hearing all the rants and ravings to this buffet. I usually don't like buffets at Vegas, but it's new and cute and my bff and I just had to try it.We paid and got seated before the rush around 6:20pm. Everything in here is so cue and unique. Most of the dishes were served in tiny pots and pans. The portions were a bit small, but it's an all-you-can-eat place! Just get more if you want!I felt there were a lot of vegetarian dishes... A bit on the healthier and bland side. Meat was sparse, so if you're a meat lover, I suggest you stick with Bellagio or Wynn buffet. There were these interesting smoothie shots with vegetables, honey, and fruit blended into a small cup. Another one was a watermelon + vinegrette smoothie? Eh, I tried it anyways because I was curious. Not TOO bad. My fave dish had to be the ceviche (as usual), Korean short ribs (Kalbi!) and their bacon ranch salad. I was super disappointed at how small the crab legs were. Honorable mentions go to their dessert bar. Freshly dipped chocolate Oreo strawberries (I had 6 and still wanted more), gelato, a variety of cookies, mousse, and cakes! For $35/person, this is actually one of the more affordable buffets in a 5-star resort. Bellagio and Wynn has upped their prices to roughly $47-$50 for dinner!!
4	Best $29 I spent in Vegas (lap dance aside)! We went to brunch which ends at 3pm (thankful! cuz nobody was up before noon!) Although I have my issue with Cosmo itself, their buffet is THEE shit. We beasted on Sunday morning. They served Eggs Benedict in a tiny carry-around pot and fried chicken in a miniature carry-around faux deep fryer.And the salmon??? Shut..it..down. This place is great because not only is the food good, but they went the extra step with great plating. It also helped that they were playing Janet Jackson's "Control" when I walked in...just sayin...
5	Amazing!! Tried wicked soon after sering some good reviews. Went over to cosmo for brunch, and it was 22, and the food was great. They had kalbi which was very flavorful, eggs benedict in individual pans, and lots of other goodies. It also included alcohol beverages which I thought was a nice treat and had the bloody mary. Also great selections on ice cream and other desserts. Great buffet line went very quick and easier was very attentive which they typically are not at buffets. Would def recommend.
5	I am in love with Wicked Spoon. I love it so much that I would go back to Vegas just to go to Wicked Spoon. The food there is well prepared with quality ingredients. It is beyond compare especially for buffets in Las Vegas. The salmon eggs benedict, thick bacon, General Tsao's chicken, salted peanut gelato, sticky buns, and mushroom polenta are just some of the amazingly delicious delights at Wicked Spoon. If you eat anything at Wicked Spoon eat the sticky bun with the thick bacon. It is amazing how they are able to maintain the crispy crust on the top of the sticky bun while it is the delicious, sweet (but not too sweet) sauce. Paired with the saltiness of the thick bacon you will be in heaven. Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan which deserves its own review. However, it is a pleasure to walk through in order to get to Wicked Spoon and has plenty of views to admire.Admittedly I wish I had written this review closer to when we went to Wicked Spoon because the delicious bundles of euphoria would be fresher in my memory. If you go to Vegas go to Wicked Spoon, you will not be disappointed.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  For an extra $10 you get bottomless mimosas for brunch.  How can you say no to that?When I walked into the buffet I thought they threw the lights up at a club.  The chairs on the walls look like tables and booths in a VIP area.The buffet selection has all the usual Vegas suspects (prime rib, sushi, pasta, etc.).  The kicker was many of the hot main course dishes were served in little pots.  The chef basically forces you to eat small so you can sample more of the buffet.  Genius!Things That Were Awesome:++ Unlimited mimosas++ Portion sizes++ Banh mi.  Vietnamese sandwich/buns with pork and fresh jalepeno.  Could have used more stuffing but again, chef forces me to try more flavors.++ Yogurt parfait.  Add the raspberry puree/shots from the desert section and BAM! Super delicious.++ Chocolate and oreo covered strawberries.  How do we make perfection even more so?  Add my favorite store brand cookie, of course.  The strawberries on their own were delicious too.Things That Were Not So Awesome:-- The poor waitress got so many mimosa orders from me she was falling behind keeping up.-- Pancakes.  It was like I was eating (syrup covered) air.So when am I returning to Vegas?
5	I used to rave about the buffet at the Wynn.  Now I think I found my new favorite.The best thing about the buffet is that for some of the items you get, you basically have to get a little pot.  It basically accounts for all the portions of food you get, which can allow you to keep a reminder on not overloading your plate.  It's also handy if you're on a diet and need to keep your food in check....though if you're in Vegas, why would restrict yourself do a diet?  You're in Vegas, just give it up.With that said, the food is excellent, the decor is wonderful.  And though it can be pricey, it is WORTH it.
2	*This Review is for DINNER*DISAPPOINTINGWe came for their dinner on Saturday. The line for the buffet was not too long when we arrived around 5:30. This was my first time dining at this buffet. I have never heard about this place until then, but was told it received four stars on Yelp. So I was looking forward to some yummy all you can eat food.Sadly, no stuffing my face with delicious food occurred =( The quality of the dinner selection was substandard. Especially when it costs $35+ per person. The crab legs were dry. The bone marrow tasted funny. The Korean BBQ was extremely salty. They didn't have clam. Gosh, I can't even tell you what else I've tried since the food was so unmemorable. But one thing I do recall about the food is that this place tries to change things up. They would have a mix of unusual and/or exotic flavors for dishes. "A" for effort, but borderline "C or D" for the results. Some of the dishes just tasted weird. Or the spice was too overpowering.The only things that tasted good that evening was the cream of corn, strawberries, and green tea.Wicked Spoon also had an array of desserts to choose from. From ice creams to chocolate covered strawberries and variety of pastries. I tried the chocolate strawberries. They weren't bad. But after eating 3 of them, I was done.Customer Service: 5 Stars. From the cashier to the hostess, to our waitress, all of them were friendly.Would I suggest this place for Dinner? No. Try the Brunch/Lunch instead.
5	This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas!So came here last weekend for my annual basketball tourney with the fellas and wanted to check out a new buffet.  I heard about the new Marquee club at Cosmopolitan and I wondered this must be a new hotel meaning...there is a new buffet in town!Of course like always, I yelp almost all restaurants, bars, clubs before checking them out to see if its worth my time.  After reading reviews from fellow yelpers and saw the 4 star rating...I just had to come eat here.The food:Excellent!  There was a nice variety of food for the price you pay.  $22 for lunch and $35 for dinner.  What I also like was their presentation.  Like half of the food offered came in little pots were I believe the portion was just right cause we all know you have to strategize when eating a buffet  and not overload on one particular food.  Decor:Modern I would say compared to other buffets.  Nice furniture and they presented their water in a corked bottle instead of just pouring it for us.Maybe cause the place was just new.  But definitely stands out compared to other nice buffets like the Wynn and Bellagio.In Summary:For the price and location of this buffet; I freaking love this place.  The best part about this is, for now at least, there was only 10 people in line when we left at 830pm on Saturday night.  Maybe the word has gotten out yet about this place...only time will tellHappy Eating!
5	BEST Buffet in Vegas. Everything tastes like they cared. Or at least cared enough for presentation's sake. my uncle always told us - if it doesn't look good, don't eat it. And this place make other buffets look like cafeterias. There aren't mounds of food, the food is plated in individual pots/bowls or if on a big dish, pleasantly placed.I loved the cheese stuffed pesto gnocchi. French toast. Meat. The full gelato bar, and piles of strawberries.The lunch was so good. Best price for buffet satisfaction.
4	Fantastic buffet!  Normally the word "buffet" comes with the stigma of mediocre food, albeit lots of it.  Not the case here.The food here was DELICIOUS and presented beautifully.  I thought it was really nice that the restaurant took the extra effort to make the food LOOK good on top of taste amazing.  They also offer several fancier choices that aren't available at a lot of the other Vegas buffets.  However, we did find a hair in one of my friend's dishes, which was pretty gross, but the manager apologized and comp'ed his meal, so I guess it worked out.
3	What a wicked and unique way to serve upscale buffet food? Creamed corn with jalapenos and bacon in their own teeny, tiny pots... Chicken masala with rice in play house sized pots... this place is just too cute! All the dishes look picture perfect, but I wished the taste of the foods matched up a bit more to their appearance. It was definitely an experience, I mean they had bone marrow!!! They had so many exotic dishes.. I can't really pin point what makes me give this place 3 stars.... Pros: excellent customer service, very clean atmosphere, love the single plated dishes because you know you are the first person to touch it with a utensil, unique desserts you would only find here like the various strawberries covered in delicious sugary confectionsCons: as tasty the foods were listed and described, it was just okay... Thats all! After reading all the reviews it seems as if we came in here with high expectations... because it is Cosmo with high end chefs creating new, inventive gourmet foods. I'll be back for round 2, but I hope it will have improved!
2	With all the rave reviews, I wasn't impressed with the overall food quality.  It does look nice but it doesnt taste very good.Korean Short Ribs - No flavor and tough.Omelet - It was a mess.  The chef needs to go back to school.Ratatouille - Served in a pot. It was okay but lacked flavor.Eggs Benedict - Served in a tiny pot.  soggy bread, smoke salmon was okay, egg is obviously overcooked if served in a closed pot.  It would be better if they let the guest make there own benedicts while someone cooks the egg. General's Tao Chicken - this wasn't that bad and would be the only thing i eat here.Coconut Curry - Served in a tiny pot.  Overcooked.Sushi - skip it.Fruits - freshDesserts - nothing spectacularI won't be coming back here unless it was paid for.  I would pay a lil more just to eat at Wynn or Bellagio.
3	This was my one and only buffet in Vegas and it was okay. I wasn't feeling too well either so I don't think that helped. Some of the food was really good but other dishes were bland. I liked the presentation of their food though! It made you want to try all the dishes =] The crab legs were okay and I tried lamb and it was also just okay. The desserts section (my favorite) was pretty good. They weren't the best but that's when I realized that presentation means everything. Their desserts looked nice (even if they were just simple) and made me want to try them.There were sushi rolls but I didn't even try them since they looked really simple. For the price of this buffet (about $35), I think it was decent. I want to try this place again next time I'm there when I'm feeling better =]
3	I would give this place a 2.5 for dinner. I heard so many good reviews about this place and friends talking about it but when i went to eat here it wasn't anything that I had expected. The food quality was just terrible. The crab legs were really soggy and not as tasty as other ones I've had. Some of their little dishes were also lacking in terms of quality but for the eyes they were visually appealing. I feel like this place tried to do too much without any real substance. The price didn't really help since it was $35+ pp. After doing the Buffet of Buffets for Harrahs I have to say I'm more impressed with some of their buffets than other ones like this and the Wynn buffet. However, I do want to try their lunch buffet since they have the red velvet pancakes (or so I heard) and unlimited mimosas. This dinner experience was so bad that my friend that won a free buffet at the New Member Spin wheel gave that up for $10 in slot play. haha
4	Best Breakfast buffet in Vegas hands down! I can't say how well the dinner buffet is sinceI haven't got a chance to try it yet but ate breakfast here twice and it truly is the best.  Choices are unlimited! Apple sausage, french toast(bomb!), bacom, scrambled eggs, pouched eggs, eggs benedict, I mean you name it, Wicked Spoon has'em all!  If you somehow accidentally wake up early in Vegas lol go check out this place to fill your morning hunger.  :)
4	Good, nice decor but crowded, so the wait staff seemed overwhelmed so service was sub par. We are not huge eaters, so probably didn't quite get our money's worth. Dessert was very pretty and tasty
4	When I'm in Vegas with the Posse ,we love to hit new Buffets to try them out. We all were a little intrigued with the Cosmopolitan. The resident Buffet there is Wicked Spoons . We rolled in there 30 Folks deep . The Wait Staff looked a little overwhelmed when we rolled up. So we split up in groups of 6 and were seated . The Buffet was quite good it had Prime Rib ,Leg Of Lamb , Ham , Turkey, Roast Duck ,Craw fish , Mussels and a lot of other foods . The Dessert area was quite Big and well stocked. It was worth the $41 a piece we all paid. Service was good.
4	I've been to a lot of the buffets here and this one beats them all.  This includes Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Treasure Island.  The food is great and very well put together.  I think it's a little more expensive at $40 which includes unlimited mimosas and bloody marys, but it's completely worth it.The only reason I'm taking away a star is that they kicked us out at 3pm to turn over the tables and set up for dinner.  I didn't think anybody buffets did that.Next time I go to a buffet in Vegas, this is the one I'll be coming back to,
5	Best buffet on the strip, and this is coming from a buffet-connoisseur like myself. No big deal....$29 gets you in for brunch (note: they close at 3pm to switch to dinner foods), and it's less than $10 for unlimited champagne/mimosas/bloody mary's. When they "switch" to dinner foods, they mean kick out all the fatty's who happen to be eating for hours and want to capitalize on dinner foods by staying until close. Heh.... Highlights of my meal: Kalbi, kalbi, kalbi, gigantic shrimp cocktail, great mimosas, chocolate passion fruit dessert with crunchy chocolate balls, and strawberries and whipped cream. Clearly didn't make my moneys worth in food but perhaps I did in drink. Can't wait to come back to try the rest of their food!
4	Get there before 1 unless you like lines.  Great variety (the dessert bar, holy crap) and some of the best mac n cheese I have ever had.  Too bad it all disappeared by the time I went back for seconds.They save wasted food by pre-portioning it out in cute little containers, but they must have to do dishes like I can't even imagine.  I like that you can opt out of the champagne portion of brunch if you're not a drinker or perhaps just aren't in the mood to drink.  Totally tucked away from everything else, but worth the hunt.
4	Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Wicked Spoon is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas on the strip.  I came here for brunch with some gals pals, while the boys were golfing.  I like how they serve things in portions here so you don't over eat and take more than you need. I quite enjoy the Mac n Cheese and the desserts.  There are plenty to choose from and they are all very pretty.  I like the gelato bar too, that is MONEY!   Like most buffets, you get a fusion of flavor here,  you can get tacos, asian, sushi, korean short ribs, and you american flare. Service was great too with an attentive server clearing out plates. I would come here again if I am in the mood for a buffet.  But hand down, best dessert buffet.
5	I've tried a few buffets when we visit Sin City, but I have to say that this is probably the best buffet out of all of them!  Located in the confines of the Cosmopolitan hotel, Wicked Spoon had great atmosphere, great looking food, and most of all, the food tasted great.  This place even had gelato at their dessert station!
3	Breakfast/Lunch ReviewOf course no trip to vegas is complete without a little over indulgence and when it comes to over doing it with me its all about the food. Joy and I are not much of buffet eaters but reading over Wicked Spoon's (@ the Cosmopolitan) individual serving styles of food seemed right up our alley so we decided to give it a shot for brunch on the morning we arrived into vegas. We planned it just right to get there before 11am so that we would get the breakfast prices and get to sample the lunch items as well.The highlights of the breakfast items were the red velvet pancakes, eggs benedict, and bacon, while the best of lunch were the green beans, mussels. They also served  tri-tip (i guess they used to serve prime rib), slab bacon (pork belly), fried chicken (no taste) and a selection of asian foods, i wasn't all that impressed with the flavors but again i'm just not a buffet person anymore.
5	I was in Vegas for seven days and came here three times. Seriously. And I'd do it all again, shorty.There is nothing you can't get at Wicked Spoon. There's breakfast (sometimes standard pancakes, sometimes fancier fare), fruit, salad, pasta, pizza, a meat carvery, a "pan-Asian" section. Come hungry.Also, I have to note that part of the joy of the mac and cheese and fried chicken (aside from the fact that, hello, it's mac and cheese and fried chicken) were the dishes that they came in. All the pasta dishes come in wee covered pots and the chicken comes in a tiny fry basket. Adorbs!The dessert section deserves a paragraph of its own. Holy chocolate Moly. There are several flavors of gelato, macaroons, and the best chocolate covered strawberries you ever will eat. Why are they the best? Well, while the chocolate is still wet, they are dipped in crushed Oreo or Butterfinger bar. I know.One tricky part - alcohol. Is it included or not? The first time I was here, I was in a Diet Coke mood, if you catch my drift. The second time, I got a free mimosa to start and then the server brought me a second when I looked sad at his refusal to do a refill. The third time, no alcohol. I have no idea, friends.
4	Given that I give this place 5 stars, and my wife no better than 2... this should be an interesting review to write. (Since I'm writing it, the average of 5 and 2 shall be 4. Ha!)For our first ever Vegas buffet, my wife and I decided to take on the Wicked Spoon. We were only going to spend 2 hours in Vegas because we needed to be in Phoenix by the next morning.I was largely pleased by their offerings. The Korean short ribs were nothing short of awesome - tender, sweet glaze, mouthwateringly flavorful. I also highly approved of the curried vegetables that I got in the same area. Honestly, every item I picked up at the Asian table was a winner.Less good was the Asiago gnocchi, whose bean curd-like texture I highly objected to. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be, but I didn't like it.Over in the traditional breakfast side, some of the standout items were a type of eggs benedict that had a nicely flavored hollandaise sauce, their own recreation of half-inch thick bacon, and a biscuits and gravy that I thought was well flavored with drippings (if slightly separated in the pot, which I rectified with a great deal of agitation) but my wife said "she could make better".The dessert table was overflowing with all sorts of desserts, and you're not going to get to all of them in time. The standout here was a chocolate-covered velvet cake, filled with creme. In other words, a homemade Ho-Ho. They also have many flavors of gelato, and I found the mint chocolate one my wife had to be decent.Overall, (I thought) the service was good and the food of high quality. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here the next time I'm in town.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  We went for the breakfast brunch and being that i was on a restricted diet, i didn't expect to eat much.  First, all the stuff i couldn't eat:  Sausage, Ribs, Steak, all freshly cooked and just calling for me to eat them...it took a lot of discipline, but the buffet had such variety that i was able to fill up on a lot of the veggies including the heirloom tomato salad, beet salad, the watermelon gaspacho, asparagus salad, salmon and cod (obviously not vegetables)...wow!  Even for a vegetarian there was enough variety of food there to make you morbidly obese and keep you salivating.In the end they have a big dessert section that has everything from gelato to strawberry shortcake, to little dessert shooters, to fruit tarts, to pretty much everything you would want.  They even have a sugar free dessert section for those that want the sweet but can't cheat.  I would say that the dessert selection was just a step down (maybe only about half a step) from what you would find at the Buffet at the Wynn...which is saying something about the quality and variety that they offer.In the end, I look forward to going back when i can enjoy the full complement of food...can't wait!!!Happy Eating!
5	Right off the top, I'd like to say that this was the best buffet that I've ever had.Now that we've got that out of the way, let's get to the details.I love the idea of small individual plates for the dishes, as it enables better portion control, especially if you just want to try the dish and wind up not finishing it because you weren't particularly feelin' it all that much.  The variety of dishes was a dizzying array, as I found myself not even knowing where to start!  I started off with some gnocchi with a lamb ragu and olive oil poached fish, but as I walked further down, my eyes lit up at the sight of a stack of bones all exposing its delicious marrow for all to see and feast on.  Making my way closer to the marrow, I was pleasantly surprised again to see a chef giving individual cuts of roasted leg of lamb!  At this point I was as excited as Homer in a donut factory, with the donuts being plates of fine cuisine in my case!Now imagine that excitement doubled as I began tasting my choices:  the fish was flaky and light, the gnocchi was flavorful, the marrow was sinfully delicious and the leg of lamb was juicy and seasoned to perfection.  The dishes I chose for my second round weren't as memorable, not for lack of taste and quality, but for my sudden onset of gluttony taking over and turning my memory into a fuzzy haze of delicious food.  But thankfully, their sublime desserts lives on in my memory.  They literally had too much to name off, but trust that their generous variety doesn't sacrifice quality at all.  And so, now you know why I say that this is the best buffet I've ever had.
5	I haven't been to very many GREAT Vegas buffets lately.  After hearing about MGM, Bellagio, etc etc etc.  My little cousin and her bf went around to scope out buffets the day before, lol and found this one.  She was raving to me about how awesome it was and I was excited to go try it out.(As a buffet hater) To my surprise, I loved it!  The portions were just right for a hungry little girl like me.   Everything was portioned off into mini pots,dishes, plates, etc; as so you do not overindulge so you have room to try more than one.  We went around lunch time and there were so many options!  There were asian dishes, Italian pasta and pizzas, breakfast items, a roast meat section, a California section of fresh fruits, cheeses, etc, AND (saved the best for last, but definitely isn't least) AN ENDLESS ARRAY OF DESSERTS-with a gelato case of about 16-20 different flavors! All in all, I will come back and try out dinner.  Running at about $20-25 per person for lunch, it isn't a bad deal (and they were running a special that afternoon, a complimentary mimosa per person)!
5	No doubt the best buffet in Vegas.  I went for breakfast and it was incredible.  The selections, the quality of the food, the service, it was fantastic and the price of about $22 is in line with any other breakfast buffet in town.  The one drawback, the wait.  Not sure why, but when I was there, the place was not full, yet I waited 30 minutes.  But, it was worth the wait.
5	Omg, the hugest Chocolate covered strawberries!! The rest of the food was yummy too, but being pregnant, I went straight for the desserts! Great variety.
5	This is my new favorite buffet!  Right in the new spectacular Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino.  It is not as expansive as the Wynn or others but the quality is first rate.  I have only been to the brunch buffet but cannot comment on the dinner here.  The portions are all in smaller containers so the emphasis is on quality and not quantity.  The Korean short ribs, and the Japanese breakfast are first rate.  The desserts are truly spectacular.  This place is a must to visit in the Centre Strip!
4	If gourmet was part of the idea of what a buffet was supposed to be, perhaps Wicket Spoon might come close to the idea, that food that is mass produced might actually be good. Going to Vegas to me, is avoiding the mass of slot machines and the dodgy buffets, to get to the meetings which I came down for.  There isn't any doubt that the word Buffet alone springs up words of dismay and anxiety, because you aren't always sure what you are going to get.  If for the very notion that these places should be delicious, to entice people to stay and gamble, most have failed to capture the allure of the hotel/casinos they are placed in.  Enter Wicked Spoon, part of the Cosmopolitan Casino Hotel, inside city center.  If a buffet really grabs on to the look and feel of a casino, this place does it.  You pay before you head in, it isn't cheap; but you come to realize that once you are inside, the food here, isn't in heated water trays, or in rows with people wearing "Tweety" shirts on.  This place has people wearing nice clothing, dresses and even the occasional "that person is slightly over dressed, to be at a buffet"... but even that isn't quite true, because everyone seems to fit right in.  The food; Like any good foodie, you have to take a walk around first, find out the lay of the land.  Everything is portioned controlled, for the post part, things are served in individual plates, dishes like Red Snapper to Baked Salmon... things like Potatoes Al Gratin are neat little single serve plates.   They have favorites like Shrimp and Grits and the Cream De La Cream.... Custom made Mac and Cheese.  Seriously, it's more fun to take the walk around once then start digging in.  They had Korean Short Rib tonight, and man, I love this stuff, so juicy and delicious, it's just delightful. Their dessert counter is fantastic, mainly for the selection of bite sized sugar treats, and the gelato and sorbet. There is only WIN when you walk over. Okay, I normally dislike the word Buffet, because you inevitably end up eating too much, but here, is a grand example of good food, portioned controlled, and pretty darn tasty.  Sure it's expensive, so take your time sampling the wares, but you will be rewarded with an experience that lets others know the word Buffet isn't that bad afterall.
4	This is a great buffet, the only drawback is...10000239048320+ people also know about it and want to go during your weekend in Vegas.The line was super long, it took us an hour to get our seats! The food selection here is exceptionally diverse. I instantly gravitated to the seafood section, needed get some of that smoke salmon. They also have really good lamb steaks, love the medium rareness of it (nothing like a bloody piece of meat with your bloody mary). The mussels are to die for, I nabbed a plate full of it!The dessert was also really good too. Especially with coffee!
5	I am a local here in Vegas and my family was in town from Cali for my daughter's Sweet 16. So we have had our share of buffet's...we decided to go to "Wicked Spoon" because we had a great experience for Easter brunch. I thought that maybe it was pricey for Easter, and there was cute chocolate bunnies and baskets, so we liked it.  But  this time we had a awesome time! Food was great and the service from Chief Brigeth and manager Adam was very accommodating! We could have gone to so many other buffet in town, but I was very happy we decided to head to the strip and I will go back knowing that we will be very happy with the food and service!!!!Thanks again to the entire staff for a great dinner!!! Always helps when everyone is so happy and helpful!!! =}
4	Fried chicken, roasted beets salad, gelato, salmon, shrimp, mashed potatoes, ceviche... I have a small piece of my foodie heart at the bellagio buffet, but wicked spoon will be a runner up for me!
5	I am in love with this buffet. Much of the food is plated in little pots and pans that make it feel more sanitary and appealing.There is a great variety of food and it is good!  I have been for brunch and for dinner; I much preferred the dinner food over the brunch. My favorite parts of the buffet were the mac & cheese station (they custom make your mac and cheese!) and the desserts. What can I say? I'm a sucker for designer ice cream (or gelato in this case) flavors.This place is a great deal and well worth the hike through the entire casino to get there.
2	I don't understand why everyone is so positive about this buffet. We've eaten at the wicked spoon with the 6 of us today and all of us think that this is one of the worst buffets in Vegas.The quality and choice of dishes does not meet up to the high price of this buffet.The salmon was far from well cooked and had been on the warm plate much to long, so was the shrimp. The carvery was pretty much the same as most low budget buffets and there was no steak or lamb chops or something like that which I think you may expect for the price they charge.Also meat and fish stand right next to eachother which ruins the meat for people who don't like or can't eat seafood. I will never visit this buffet again, I'll go to Spice Market at PH or the buffet at MGM instead.
2	I don't like the little pots that everyone else seems to be crazy about?I thought the food was bland and not as hot as it should have been. We cam for lunch. THere was nothing particularly special about the food. The service wasn't great either. The waiter came to our table once. And we had half a dozen "little pots" piled up!It was a pretty place. but the food wasn't even average.
5	The BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! The quality is top notch and the flavors are amazing. I have never been disappointed here. Not as large as other buffets, but that doesn't matter, because it's effing delicious.
5	Best 30 dollar meal I've ever bought!
4	3.5 stars rounds up to 4.MAC N CHEESE GRILL!! I've seen baked potato bars, I've seen stir fry grills, but NEVER a macaroni and cheese grill.  You choose what ingredients you want, cheeses, veggies, meats, they melt it all together, throw in the pasta, and BAM! YUM YUM YUM!This buffet is a very cool concept and the food is very good, but it does not feel like a buffet!  With all the food in individual dishes, I felt like I was limited to amount of what I ate (Fat American syndrome)!  It is all you can eat, but who wants to put four mini pans on their plate?Luckily I didn't pay for this buffet.  Why you ask?  If you sign up for their player's card, Identity, you get to spin a prize  wheel, and my friends and I won a few free meals!
4	I'm not a huge fan of buffet's in general, but this one stood out for me. It was pretty, and their presentation, at least for me, was a first.At $35 a person, it's not cheap, but their quality and selection, was pretty impressive. They portion out a lot of their food here, in small, personal sized sauce pans. They're freakin adorable! Also what's nice, is that, every portion looks perfect.The dessert section was good too. Try their bread pudding, I don't even really like bread pudding, but their's is great!Food: 4Ambience: 5Service: 4Value: 2
4	Maybe its because I can't handle the sheer mass amount of food given at other buffets, but the serving sizes and taste of each item is FANTASTIC! Starting from every single breakfast entry to heavy ribs to delicate yet perfect deserts the suave looking buffet at the sex themed cosmopolitan is perfect for me.Add in the unlimited drinks and its great. The food isn't the greatest you've ever had, but the fact that each dish is well crafted makes a lot of difference. Another big thing, that seems to be common with all things at the cosmopolitan, is that its management runs the place seamlessly. Regardless of how long the line was, everything goes smoothly to make your breakfast wait that much shorter!One thing I loved about this place....DESSERTS! How could you go wrong with so many great desserts, from delicate little creams to vast fields of chocolate covered strawberries...mmmm!Besides the Bellagio buffet, this is definitely one of the best!
4	We went for brunch.  I was lured with promises of red velvet pancakes of which there were none.  I quickly got over that.  The food was stunning and delicious.  Everything was done well. My favorite dishes were the Wicked Fried Chicken and the Cauliflower puree. The desserts were premium. None of the above applies to the Asian section.  The Asian dishes were completely sub-par and not up to the standard set by the rest of the buffet.The $22 entry price came with a complimentary glass of champagne, mimosa or bloody mary.  They also place of fancy bottom of (purified) tap water on your table.
4	Tried this buffet for lunch.  Impressed with variety.  Has some dishes you don't typically see at a buffet including a decent selection of asian dishes.  Dessert selection was on par with the better buffets in vegas.  $22 for lunch, $29 for dinner so its one of the better bargains for buffets when considering the decent quality.
3	i think i had a super high expectation for this place and it just didn't live up to the hype. i like how they serve everything individually plated..makes it less likely for food to be wasted. most memorable items on the menu: salmon (perfectly cooked), short rib benedict, fried chicken wings, ice cream buffet.in short, loved the presentation, but food wasn't comparable to wynn's buffet.
5	Disclaimer: 5 stars doesn't mean it's perfect. But WS is better IMO than even the Bellagio and Wynn buffets for their cute presentation and good service, so they get my extra star. WS is inside the Cosmopolitan and sets itself apart with contemporary preparations, in many cases, already portioned out in adorable ramekins or mini saucepans. The service: excellent. Our server brought us drinks quickly, filled out water glasses with the filtered water bottle at our table, and our plates were removed immediately after we were finished. The non-alcoholic  drinks btw are included in the price. Tip: The wine comes from a high tech vending machine! You'll see all e bottles and put a glass underneath. The price is displayed on an LCD. Standouts: (sorry not official names..I was too busy drooling to pay attention to the real names)- stuffed gnocchi with some sort of lamb sauce, served in adorable mini saucepan- butternut squash ravioli (also in cute saucepan)- snow crab legs (already cut so no cracker needed)- donuts (served in mini basket strainer) the man making them hot and fresh told us to wait for the new hot batch to come out of the fryer. Comes with either chocolate or raspberry dipping sauces. - array of salads, pre-measure in white ceramic bowls. BLT salads, arugula and beet salads...even Thai noodle salad, refreshing. - dessert section...tiny shooter sized cups and bowls of croissant bread pudding, molten chocolate cake, fudge, marshmallows, gelato station, fresh fruit, berries and cream...mini pecan pies...I could go on and on.- Kalbi ribs...yes, a bit salty and fatty, but hit the spot- compressed melons...melon pieced infused with other juices and mintNot so standout: -pretzel rolls, kinda hard and not fresh- like some reviewers say...the Asian section of dumplings were kind of hard and pasty, the sushi underwhelmed- turkey with some kind of pepper glaze, a bit dry and unappetizingBottom line, some creative dishes, nice setting, most taste very fresh and stations are well-maintained. Dinner is 35 bucks, and for the amount of food...it's well worth the price. PS: I don't care if they designer or what...the gray plaid a-line dresses the ladies working the floor wear are hideous! They look like dark tablecloths from Little House o the Prairie.
3	Verdict: Presentation of the dishes were excellent, but the chefs need to spend more time adding salt and pepper to their cute little portions of food. Mac & cheese station was great, particularly for M&C lovers like me.Lamb and crab legs also good.Dessert selection not as impressive as the Wynn, gelato was the best dessert I tried.Everything else in this buffet was average, I would still choose Wynn or Bellagio over WS.Now if I was reviewing which buffet has the best looking patrons, Wicked Spoon wins.
3	Okay, it's 2011 and the biggest trends in Vegas are usually the newest spots, like Cosmopolitan where Wicked Spoon is, BUT (here comes the but) this NEW place was just okay.Conceptually I like this place: little individual sample plates as opposed to traditional buffet styles where they make you grab the same serving spoon to fend for yourselves. But the only thing that could possibly save this place is the fact that they're dessert buffet is wickedly insane! A STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE DO IT YOURSELF STATION? MOUNDS OF CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES?! RED VELVET HO-HO's? KIT KATS WITH TOPPED WITH MINI MARSHMALLOWS, RASBERRY FILLING AND THEN DIPPED IN CHOCOLATE AGAIN? More than a dozen flavors of gelato? Quite overwhelming but nevertheless dessert heaven! Entrees disappointingly were just mediocre. I was initially impressed that they had heirloom sliced tomato, veal osso buco and bone marrow, and clam pizza slices, but everything just tasted okay. The BONE MARROW was a little fatty and lacked flavor which was a little upsetting. Pizza was just okay. Tomatoes were a little too ripe.Q: Would I come here again? A: Only for the dessert.
5	Dessert bar is totally awesome.....
4	A pretty darn good brunch buffet for a really good price.  I'm usually not a big fan of eating at buffets in vegas but since we were leaving, why not be a fatass.Must eat:Prime ribOmelette with bacon and sausageMac and cheeseand the WHOLE desert station.
2	Our first visit to the buffet was for Saturday brunch and we definitely left full, but was not that impressed =/Having the food in small single serving size is cute but you can't fit much on your plate! I found myself walking back and forth not knowing what to eat. Some stuff just looked too dry and overcooked. However, the prime rib, chorizo sausage, and salmon was delish. The dessert bar was just alright and not enough fruits for me to end my meal!The buffet concept was unique but overall just an average place. The Wynn's brunch by far is still #1 on our list :)
3	It's good but I think I prefer the Wynn buffet. Most memorable eats were the marrow, prime rib, polenta, shrimp & grits, and the gelato.   think this is definitely better for lunch, not worth the extra $ for dinner.
4	Really good buffet, everything I ate there was appetizing and tasted delicious.  I will be definitely be going back to this buffet in Las Vegas the next time I go back.
5	All I can say is WOW......very good food.....paid the 1st day and got comped the 2nd. The polenta was so good!!!!!! There is usually a line here so be prepared,
5	When my friends told me they wanted to eat at a buffet for dinner, I wasn't impressed, especially when they told me how much it would cost.Buffets are places you get bland average food at prices low enough to justify eating bland average food, right?  Not to mention you usually are left with the dregs whenever there's a good dish.Wicked Spoon honestly is too good to deserve the word "buffet" in it's name.  Yes, it IS a buffet, but a buffet where EVERYTHING they have is served in already prepared perfect portions, identical to each other.  Seriously, you don't need to scoop anything, because it comes it's it's own little pot or container which you just stick on your tray and go.  Amazing.But the real shocker was how delicious everything was.  I went from annoyed that I'd have to pony up for a lackluster overpriced dinner to disappointed that I wouldn't be able to eat here on a regular basis.Every single solitary thing I had, and tried from everyone else's plate, was fantastic.  And they had SO many types of food.  Everything from cajun to chinese to italian to seafood to vegetarian dishes.  The individual portions seem slightly small until you realize it's that way on purpose so you don't get stuffed after eating 2 or 3 dishes, since you're going to want to eat EVERYTHING.  Oh believe me, I tried my hardest.Is it pricey?  Yeah, it is.  Is it worth it?  No question.  Some of the best food I've had anywhere, all ready instantly, all prepared in a visually pleasing way.  Everyone loved sharing their dishes with everyone else.If you're in Vegas, you should include Wicked Spoon in your dining plans.
4	Simply very fancy food served here at the buffet inside of Cosmopalitan Hotel along with everything else that is fancy.  Even the mac and cheese was really fancy with the way it was presented and cooked. You really gotta experiement with the food they make available and create combinations of great flavors for the food you put on your plate.  i.e. smoked raw salmon with seasoned watermelon....I know that sounds weird but trust me, it brings out a perfect balance of flavors between savory and sweet.  Last but not least, dessert was just simply amazing, so much to choose from with fancy decorated pastries to Gellato Italian ice cream.
4	This place was really good!I loved their salads. Asparagus, fennel, cucumber, Thai mango, etc. So many different kind of salads are available:)They have an Asian section:) which is cool. People working there are very nice.
4	I came here for an early dinner around 4pm on a saturday.  NOT PACKED and such a good thing.  The decor is beautiful, you get house wine with your meal AND a whole lobster to yourself (not to menu the fresh selection of seafood including sushi and crab legs).  The selection might not be the biggest buffet in LV, but I would take the quality ingredients, the quality dishes, and house wine over any other buffet (ok, maybe not the wynn, cuz that's my favorite).I'll be back here again because the food was SOOOO GOOD. braised short ribs, lobster, crab legs, sushi (and i mean raw fish..) and some quality desserts...$39.99 baby. yummmAY!
4	I came here for brunch on a Friday.Everything was pretty good except for the Asian food. The Korean short ribs were tough and too chewy to swallow. Otherwise, I was very satisfied with all the other food. The gelato was amazing.I came at 1:00PM and there was no line.I wish there were crab legs--maybe they're only there on the weekends for brunch.This whole hotel is just beautiful with all the artwork and space so I didn't expect anything less in this buffet.My server seemed pissed off for some reason.I'd highly recommend going to this buffet even on a regular weekday. The atmosphere, selection, and quality are worth checking out.
3	I went here for brunch and I thought Wicked Spoon had a wide selection of foods to choose from. They had pancakes, pecan waffles, eggs (scrambled, omeletes, and benedicts), sausages (links and patties), bacon, and hash browns to name a few. For lunch items they had a wide selection as well, but what was really different were the Korean short ribs (kalbi). I read previous reviews and I got excited to try these because I do not see these anywhere but at a Korean buffet. Sadly, the Korean short ribs were far from great and were also pretty salty. However, the other selections of lunch foods were decent, but nothing spectacular.On the plus side, Wicked Spoon offered a wide selection of desserts as well. I tried almost all the pastries and they were all great! My favorites were the mini chocolate filled cones and the chocolate dipped strawberries. I also tried the Strawberry Balsamic gelato. It sounded interesting and it didn't taste too bad either. Overall, the Wicked Spoon was enjoyable and pricing is relatively inexpensive ($22/person during brunch). I'd recommend trying it at least once if you haven't gone before. I wouldn't say I wouldn't come here again, but let's just say it's not on the top of my list.
3	My 2.5 star is for seafood only...NOT FOR SEAFOOD LOVERSWicked Spoon Buffet is fabulous- stinking cute little pots and kettles filled with deliciousness ...I love the food here but if you're looking for sushi or crab legs go elsewhere.They serve steamed snow crab legs but they slice it in half (as if snow crabs aren't puny enough!) so they can save money and it's weak.  Wack and weak to slave over a tiny piece for a morsel of meat.  Go to Rio Seafood Buffet for crab legs and sashimi!  Never disappoints me there.Actually, the owners are smart.  You can't fill your plate high with food when they are all served in little pots and dishes.  So in actuality, you're eating LESS than you would at the other buffets!   Even the halved crab legs...they make you THINK you're eating a lot but you're not.  Good one *wink wink*  but it's okay...I'll still come back because I like their diverse menu and wicked sense of flavors!
5	Best buffet experience I've had by far! Can you say FOOD ORGASM!They have a very wide selection of foods; appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts, it's all there. From Mexican, to Japanese, breakfast to dinner; all this reasonably priced - $30 for lunch.  Most items are individually served on their own small plates, baskets, trays. The way they present their food is definitely key when it comes time to pick. I didn't find anything didn't want to eat.Definitely not the Hometown Buffet experience, ewwww! The presentation, decor and service is what seals the deal.
4	This is not your typical Vegas buffet. This is a foodie paradise! If you're looking for AYCE crab legs and sashimi, unfortunately you won't find it here. But if you're looking for something fun and new, you're in the right place!  I came for Sunday brunch $29 (which includes one complimentary glass of champagne), and opted to add in bottomless mimosas for an additional $8. For brunch, there was an omelet making section, as well as a fully functioning carving station that included prime rib, ham, bacon, and lamb. (The carving station came prepared with all the different sides&condiments needed). They also had pancakes&waffles, benedicts,  meat&cheeses, lots of different soups&salads, pastas, sushi (california rolls, eel rolls, tempura rolls), kalbi, and more. I would describe all their dishes as very well thought out and made wtih much attention to detail, unlike other buffets where food is just mass produced. They also have an amazing dessert section that probably beats out any/all vegas buffets - love the gelato station! Stand out items I had during brunch:- Eggs benedict- Chicken Apple sausage- Creamed Corn- Butternut Squash Ravioli- toffee/chocolate covered strawberries- lots&lots of gelatoNot bad was also the pumpkin pancakes, the chicken pate, seafood salad, kalbi, spicy kimchi chicken.  Most dishes come pre-served in their individual pots&pans/bowls&plates. No item was bad. Service was great! Though drinks did lag, many in our party got bottomless mimosas free of charge. The Wicked Spoon is definitely a must try!
4	This has got to be one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas so far. We went here after hearing all these good reviews from friends and we had to try it for dinner. The interior decor was not only nice, but the food was great! They served each entrees in individual bowls/plates so that you won't have to scoop anything thing. The dessert selection was probably my favorite :) They had chocolate dipped strawberries, macaroons, and GELATO in a variety of flavors. I wish I was able to try each and every single entree, but I was so full. I'll most likely come back here again.
3	ive been to a lot of vegas buffets. Wanted to try this one because its new, its at the cosmo, and hey it might actually be really good!TRICK. not that great. I feel like their selection was very little. how do you not have mashed potatotes at a buffet?! i did like their mac n cheese. But wierd that a lot of their food comes in like these little pans and plates that its hard ot pile it all on your dish. need to work on that...
4	Warning: You will probably suffer from food coma once you finish your meal here. Not sure if it's the economic situation, but whatever it is, I was so happy to be able come and enjoy my meal without a wait. Lines can be a total drag sometimes.When it comes to quality, Wicked spoon is TOP NOTCH. As of variety, their variety is pretty unique and I want to say they bring out the best of comfort food from different food categories (ie. Gnocchi and Thai Curry). I loved their salad bar and crab legs could have been better if I could have served myself instead of them being served to me.Like my other reviews on the buffets in Las Vegas, I don't know if this is THE BEST but it's one of my top choices to come to when I have the desire to experience major gluttney. However, my most memorable item here would have to be the desserts. Get at those chocolate covered strawberries w/ the toffee bits. YUM! And the quality and variety of their gelatto is the best.
5	Hanging out in our hotel room bf asked what would I like to eat, looking through my yelp app, trying to figure out what to have I came across this gem of a buffet and remembered Michelle T's review on this place plus all the delish looking photos. Well since it was way past closing time for this buffet, we decided to hit it up for brunch before we left town to go back home (le sigh).Here are some very helpful hints to getting ready for the massacre at the buffet! *A good brisk walk before is recommend to fully wake your stomach up and you as well. *Yes, wear your most loose fitting shirts and comfortable eating pants because unlike any other buffet in Vegas you stuff yourself silly and then go straight into a dessert coma after eating everything that you see. * Wicked Spoon is not location anywhere close to the main entrance; rather you have to zigzag to get here. Located past the two famous high-heeled shoes (yes I wanted to take the black one) you finally stumble upon this awesome place. * People it's a popular buffet in Vegas, so don't complain or whine that you have to stand in line, if it means that much to you then get up early and get your booty there.* And don't complain about the prices, would you rather have them charge you $10.00 for the buffet? At least paying a little more you know you get better quality food. However, if you want to spend less then I can suggest some rad buffets on Fremont Street (warning they are sketchy and I would not eat there unless you have a stomach made of steel).* After you devour everything in sight, dont go back to your hotel room to sleep it off, rather walk around the hotel. We did that and found The Kidrobot store and another store that was selling The Hundreds. We arrived about an hour and a half before they stopped serving brunch (eek) no worried they told us, they do not start cleaning up until 2:15-2:30pm. Brunch is served from 8:00am-2:00pm (Monday-Friday) Their weekend hours are a wee more different. $ 22.00 gets you AYCE plus one Mimosa or Bloody Mary. Our hostess was nice as she took us to our table; this dining room was beautiful. In addition, keeping with the Cosmopolitan theme, they had chandeliers in the dining room as well swoon!Bf and I looked at each other and I knew what he was thinking (let's get it on.... Food people, food!!)He went in one direction and I went in another!!I made a totally of 2 trips back for more (I tried to force myself to keep eating but I wanted to save room for dessert since our table was within step to that station and I kept eye balling everything.)-Breaded Mac & Cheese -Pork Buns -Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese-Kimchee-Grilled Korean short ribs-Bacon!-Garlic BreadDessert:-Chocolate covered strawberries-White chocolate covered marshmallows-Macaron with assorted berries -Fudge (it was on the dry side)What I really liked about this buffet is that they had smaller portions, so you are able to sample almost everything they have to offer including desserts.Our waiter was okay, he came by to take our drink orders we opted to have ice tea instead. Plates were taken away pretty much as soon as you set them aside. I was hoping from the photos that I saw there would be more macarons but sadly the only ones I found were the sugar free with berries. I hope that they have them when we come back for dinner soon!With that being said, This is my new favorite buffet!!
4	Three Words: Bone. Marrow. Buffet.--- head (and heart) asplode ---
1	I wish I can give this zero stars! I went here when it first opened and it was AMAZING! Last night I came back and this was by far the worst buffet and dining experience I have ever had. For the $44 they charged, I would have been better off going to McDonalds,Circus Circus buffet OR JUST STARVE instead. The bone marrow was the worst thing I've ever had, it was just a ridiculous amount of fat and the prime rib was flavorless. I even had the end piece of the prime rib. How do you mess that up??? They use to have mac n cheese and it was yummy! Now they replaced it with some cauliflower dish that looks exactly like the mac n cheese. Why would you do that?!?!?!?!? It's like they are just purposely pissing me off with this deception!!!!!!!!! One of my favorite dishes that they had was the pork belly sliders on mantao bread (Chinese white bread thingy) and again it was delicious. I even ate 5 in 1 sitting! Now it's GONE!!!!I had to force myself to eat enough to justify the $44 I sent. I ended up filling up on bread, yes you read that right, bread, sugar free cookies and ice cream. I still can't believe that a simple dish like spaghetti can be ruined but Wicked Spoon you proved me wrong! The so called clam pizza was tasteless. I just ended up eating dinner rolls. In fact if they had served King's Hawaiian rolls, then that would have been the best thing on the menu but since they didn't, the plain dinner rolls were good enough. They even messed up on the Korean short ribs. HOW DO YOU DO THAT?!?!?!?!?What makes me even more ANGRY is seeing people writing reviews about how great it is after going on the same day and eating the same crapI! I had to create an account just to share how disappointing this experience was.
4	Very easily one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. 4 of us had decided to go with their Sunday brunch since I had read pretty good things about it on Yelp. Let's get the qualms and cons out of the way before I start praising the place.Qualm 1- You pay first before you start waiting to get seated. There are two lines for payment - normal guests like you and me, and the diamond VIP guests that pay a lot of $$ to get that status. Very often, people don't read the signs and line up in the diamond line. After you pay, you wait in line. Our wait was about 40 minutes [it would be worth it]Qualm 2 - Our server was a nice and sweet middle aged lady. Problem with that was that she was slow and very not sensitive to our plates piling up and our drinks always going empty. We started playing tetris with our plates to make room for new ones.Qualm 3 - The 'galbi'. The 'Korean beef ribs' were mercilessly overcooked and straight up jerky. Whoever crafted the sauce also made it wayyyy too concentrated and extremely salty. There was so much sauce it was almost chalky. I attempted to take one bite, could even cut the meat off the bones, then left it to be picked up.The great things:I love the design of the plating and presentations. Mini-pots to hold the heated foods, lovely little plates and cute bowls for the small, chilled dishes. I will agree with some folk that the cute presentation and plating of the foods make for difficult carrying, as only a few dishes would be able to fit on your plate. But you know what? That means more exercise. Walking back to the buffet lines = more calories burned. The short-rib eggs benedict was AH-MAY-ZEEENG. The short rib was tender and well seasoned, the eggs were perfectly poached, the hollandaise sauce was just mild enough, but a great mixture to cohesively blend all the flavors and textures together. Sooo delicious. I went back for two!They had flat flat flat thing crust pizzas so that the dough didn't take up too much space in your gut. The BLT salad was very tasty and seemingly light. The pesto gnocchi had a very cheesy feel to them yet they weren't too dense or heavy. Very delicious.There were 12 flavors for gelato for dessert, chocolate covered strawberries dipped in crushed oreos, dipped in Heath Bar crumbles, and white chocolate covered marshmallows, along with an assortment of flavored fudges. As simple and common as it was, their peanut butter cookie was super duper delicious. You can tell they didn't hold back on the butter, but boy, was it delicious.For a $29+tax brunch, I'd say, the selection was very good, the overall quality was there, although there were a few misses on the dishes [i.e the 'galbi']. I saw that there was slab bacon at the carving table that many were asking to be freshly grilled. Something different and new that I've never seen.I think the Wicked Spoon made its way to my 'must have' list for my 'things to eat when in Vegas'. Loved it.
4	Delicious food, with individual-sized portions of side items and high quality ingredients. Is there anything else you could ask for from a buffet? How about a dessert section that actually tastes good?Thankfully, Wicked Spoon Buffet delivers on all of it! It's well worth the high price tag compared to other Vegas buffets and you'd be hard-pressed to not be able to find some combination of dishes to delight your palate.One thing that didn't live up to the hype was the create-your-own-Mac & Cheese. It fell way short on flavor, which was surprising considering the ingredients.
5	I'm a picky eater. Everyone knows it. I don't eat seafood and it's rare for me to eat fruit or vegetables at a meal. It's just how I am. Since I'm this way I rarely try fancier places to eat. Wicked Spoon is definitely a fancier type of Vegas buffet than the norm. I've tried the Wynn and Bellagio buffets in the past and hated them. The few things within my range of taste were just average. I never did try any of the higher end options at those buffets. A waste? Probably. I was excited to try Wicked Spoon. Everyone says it's one of the best buffets in Vegas and I'm nothing if not a buffet guy. I don't remember everything I ate (I should've done this review earlier) but I liked just about everything there. The gnocchi and risotto were excellent as were the desserts. They had a chicken tostada that was also quite good. I know I ate far more there than those items, but those stood out the most to me a week after eating there. I really liked the individual portion idea too.The decor was very upscale for a buffet. The servers were all very friendly and efficient. Overall I can't think of any complaints. I think the $35 per person is justified. I will definitely eat here again and almost did the day after but decided to try something else instead.
5	LOVED!  LOVED!!  LOVED THIS PLACE!!!I found this place through Yelp and really looked forward to eating there on my trip!  My BF and I spent a week in Vegas; and on our 2nd to last night there, we finally ate at the Wicked Spoon Buffet!!  First of all, it's in the Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino - which is a very beautiful hotel, but bigger than it seems!  It was a journey to get to, but at least there were lots of art work to look at and take pictures of!  I especially loved the larger than life stilettos and the pictures of chocolate dipped objects: more stilettos and sunglasses...so hot!  We got there a little after they opened for dinner (5pm) and there was no wait.  We were walked to our table which wasn't in a really "pretty" area of the buffet, but very close to all the food!On my first trip to the buffet, I got some salads, gazpacho, shrimp w/risotto, and some kind of fish on top of asparagus.  Everything was good, but the fish was not that good - my BF grabbed a different type of fish dish that tasted better!  For my next trip, I got some sushi, prawns, kalbi, beef with gnocchi, a kind of noodle soup thing I mistook for pho, and sauteed string beans with brussel sprouts, caramelized onions, and garlic.  The kalbi and soup were not so good, but the veggies were sooo good!!  So was the gnocchi and sushi!  My BF got some crab legs and gave me some meat (I really HATE cracking open crab legs - if they aren't King Crab Legs...not worth the work!), so that was good, since I didn't have to crack them myself.The dessert section of the buffet was as overwhelming as the regular food section - there was soo much to choose from!  And everything was so beautifully displayed!  The colors on the mini treats were very vibrant and I could hardly make up my mind!  There were even about 20 different flavors of ice cream!  There was Peanut Butter & Jelly, Pistachio, Caramel Candy Bar, etc.  Soooo good!!I really liked this buffet, it's pretty and the food is really good.  Service was especially good - our water was always filled by our waiter, even though they have a big glass water bottle thing at the table - so we could've filled it ourselves!  Our plates were always taken away in a timely manner, and whenever we needed anything - our waiter was there!  Plus, it's in a super swank hotel that makes you feel like you're a high roller!
4	I went here in July with my sister and her friends. I'm not a big fan of buffets, but this place was able to pull it off. :)Their breakfast foods were my favorite. Eggs Benedict? At a buffet? Yesss, please! The mac and cheese were yummy too. I remember the ethnic foods (Chinese) being very salty... and sadly, I don't remember having a good dessert... I just remember how unique they were and grabbing one of everything. Heehee.  I loved the way they had the buffet foods set up. Quick and easy access... what's better than that? Instead of scooping, picking, and spilling the food you're about to pick out, they already have the portions already set up for you. They are pretty big portions, but hey, who's complaining? ;)
3	This place overall is ok.  The food is really good but it's more of a gourmet style buffet served in small portion plates.  Not the kind of buffet where you can grab as much as you want and put it all in one plate.  Everything is served in it's own small plate.  I felt kind of guilty grabbing more than one plate at a time of the same item.  Also, NO CRABLEGS, oysters, seafood, what?  Different, but definitely not my type of buffet.  Great variety of gourmet foods though.
2	Located in the newest Vegas hotspot The Cosmopolitan Hotel, Wicked Spoon was more like Weak Spoon as my expectations for the establishment fizzled at my first spoonful. Offense number 1: There were no crab legs. Really? Why are there no crab legs? If Paris can do crab legs, why can't the Cosmopolitan do crab legs? In all seriousness, they have crazy (ugly) $500/night rooms and ridiculous $20-60 cover at Marquee, minimum $25/bet tables and you can't even foot the bill for my crab legs. The hell? Offense number 2: Bland food. From the eggs benedict to the deserts everything was bland city. While the food lacks taste, it definitely makes up in presentation. All of the food is nicely presented - from the glass case full of french styled mini deserts to the individual take out boxes and egg benedict pans - it definitely brings self-serve buffet and hour d'erves to a whole new level. Sadly the food is not nearly as good as it looks and I felt like eating the bag of chips in my purse more than the food that sat in front of me. And although the presentation was nice I found getting the food back to my table to be a pain-staking process as my plate was not big enough to house no more than two or three of these mini pots/pans/boxes. I don't know about y'all, but if I'm grubbing at the buffet, I am grubbing. Period. I will never return and encourage all my friends not to experience Wicked Spoon. It's not worth it. Save your money, do yourself a favor and eat at the Wynn Buffet or Paris. They're much better.
3	I moved away from Vegas buffets years ago but occasionally for one reason or another I end up at one.I kept hearing how amazing this place WAS when it first opened....and how it's not nearly as good NOW.These buffets are never as good the second time around...and people love to talk about the "good old days" since it gives them that i'm better then you feeling.Honestly, think about it.  Every time someone regales you with tales of "back in the days" and them "old school days."  What they are really saying is I did X when X was still amazing...and you can never do the same cool things i did because X sucks now.  O.o Anyways, back to the buffet.   It was pretty good, and given my current view of buffets i'd say Wicked Spoon is up there with the Bellagio and Wynn buffet.   I can probably go to any one of those three buffets and be equally "satisfied."The cool thing about wicked spoon are the small individual portions served in metal saucepan type containers.   They have some more unique dishes like gnocchi with asiago cheese,  kalmato olive oil cod, and green curry clams with basil.At the end of the day this place delivers what i expect from a ~35 dollar buffet in VegasSome type of crab legs, a carving station with prime rib, a decent selection of fish/seafood dishes, and sushi that doesn't suck too bad
4	Very chic hotel and ambiance.  We came here early for a brunch and had to wait about 15 minutes before we got seated.  The variety was great and some dishes tasted great and others meh.  The prime rib was tender and flavorful, and surprisingly I liked their gnocci.  I was somewhat disappointed with their fish - salmon with risotto was bland, and some snapper dish was overcooked.  Their desserts, oh my goodness!  All of them were so pretty and delicious.  In total I had about 1.5 plates of mains and 3 plates of desserts.
5	Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I have been to thus far! I would have given 4.5stars if it was an option. Just a fyi, you have to stand in line to pay and then get in line to wait for a table. It is actually a very quick wait and even if you don't pay and you just get online to wait for a table when you reach the front of the line, you can pay then. The best thing about the buffet is everything is already per-portioned into little pots and dishes, which is SUPER clean and avoids all the mess when you are trying to scoop food onto you plates. Everything we (me and coworkers) tried was either amazing or good. The prime rib is tender and bleedy just the way I like it! The dessert area is heaven! The different varieties of chocolate covered strawberries dipped in different nuts or cookies is amazing!!! The only thing that was not as great was the service. The dishes were not cleared as often and the server did not come around as much as I would have liked. At one point, we only had silverware for 2 people when there was 3 of us and we should have been offered more silverware, especially between dinner and dessert. Love love love!
1	So the we arrived around 8pm and then paid and started eating the food that was already cold. Then we were told the restaurant was closing at 9pm (of course they did not tell us this when we paid) and saw the staff taking away the food. My friend left her cell phone on the table to rush to grab some food before the closed. Hardly anyone was left in the restaurant. We saw the bus boy cleaning our table. When we returned to our table, my friend's cell phone was missing -- stolen. We suspect the bus boy as he was the only one seen going by our table. The restaurant staff was not helpful in speaking to him to try to retrieve it or doing much else. They just called security and refused to help in any other way. Of course the thief texts nasty crude emails to my contacts before it was finally turned off. Security then says they have no cameras in the eating area restaurant. Of course no one else in our group ate after that!Since we believe the bus boy staff is a thief and stole ... and the food was all cold... we would never go back there again
2	So much potential, but under delivered.  Bone marrow tasted like greasy fat.  Should have been toasty & nutty.  Crab legs were cheap snow crab and not king crab.  The server just pile it on your place, you can chose.  They were also dry and over salted.  The Buffet at Aria al least has one Maine lobster per person.  Their only saving grace is their prime rib is decent and their ice cream is good.  We would be back.
2	This was the fourth buffet we had within the last 3 days, I was so buffet out, so I was expecting some dim-sum, but when we got there it only had sticky rice wrapped in leafs, it was pretty good so I had two of them. Had two beef benedict, the beef was tasty and moist. Also had some mango gelato, those three were my favorites, the chicken wings were moist also, otherwise everything else was just so so. The desserts looked great but they were just too sweet and just ok.Some of the items come in small pots so the presentations were cute, otherwise I wouldn't consider this to be one of top 10 buffets.
5	I don't like buffets, but I liked this one!  Loved the already seperated portions concept.  I loved the sweet chili glazed edamame and the salads the best!
2	I came here with such high expectations. It does have its good points and bad.Good -Small portions the food is always fresh-the gelato.. yum :)-korean short ribs yum-salmon thing yum-little beignets but the sauce needs to be warmed-service Bad-miso soup and a few other items were very salty-Lack of seafood-Not as much variety-premixed salad (I hate so much dressing)-I was so happy to see chicken wings but they were overfried..-Overal taste of the food was not impressive.Would I come back? prolly not.. I wasnt too impressed.. and not to mention I do dislike buffets and this was supposed to change my perception.. it did not
3	The dessert area is heaven!   The service is hell.We ate here 5 days in a row.  The food and service as much better on the weekend.  During the week both the food and service was poor.    Even during the weekend simple things like getting a refill on drinks we impossible.Overall the food is very good.  You can tell when the buffet is not as busy, the food is colder and not turned over as quick.
3	Quite frankly, i think that people are overly generous with this buffet. I'm not gonna lie, the food is amazing here, and different from typical buffet food. BUT you have to consider the fact that you're paying $40+/person for this meal, so being good doesn't cut it, it should be spectacular. However, should was the key word, and Wicked Spoon was many notches below spectacular. Disappointment 1: The dining room was not as large as I had expected. I literally went from one end to the next, and tried everything in half an hr flat. The food was awesome, but I ran out of options real quick and I had to hit up the same things twice. When I'm paying over 40 bucks a person, I would like an ENDLESS amount of choices until my stomach bursts at its seams.Disappointment 2: when I saw pictures of the dessert bar, i was like "HELL YEA!", but when i got there it was just a disappointingly small area, and the desserts were nothing extraordinary. Wasn't too excited by the gelato since it's common in Toronto, and the little desserts (though very cute) was just REALLY sweet.However, I did enjoy the freedom to choose any drink, and have unlimited refills, but then again I did pay for that service so, meh.Overall, I'm not saying that this buffet was bad, in fact it was very good. It simply didn't live up to the ultra high expectations that I had for it based on its price, and positive reviews. Not sure if I'd choose to return, it feels more like a "need to try it once" type of deal.
4	I ate everything here, literally.  Pictures look better than how the food tastes.  This place is not bad for lunch.  They thought they were smart by having the food in individual dishes.  I am fat i need to pile my food.  Unfortunately I pwned the dish washer than day.
3	Decent buffet.  It is inside the new Cosmopolitan Casino.  In my opinion, The Cosmopolitan is the nicest of the new casinos on the strip.  I recommend visiting the casino even if you don't eat here.  We came here on a Friday at about noon.  Waited in line for about 15-20 minutes.  The price was about 23 bucks per person.  I see that other reveiwers paid more so maybe the dinner buffet is more expensive.  I suspect the dinner menu selection might include more than the lunch.  There was no sliced prime rib, only red wine marinated tri-tip.  Good selection of seafood, I enjoyed the salmon over risotto and steamed mussels.  The sushi wasnt very good, it was kinda dry.  The strawberry shortcake and gelato were the best dessert options.  I wasn't a fan of the pre-made salads, I would rather have a traditional salad bar.   I won't go over everything the buffet has.   If you have been to a buffet in Vegas, then you know what to expect.  While this buffet was not amazing, it wasn't bad either.  Good service.  I left satisfied.
5	Best buffet in town, small plates not troughs full of slop for Cousin Eddie...
5	Love the small plates concept.  Don't miss the beef ribs, shrimp & grits, & chocolate gelato!  Would have preferred larger, hotter crab legs and more soup offerings.  Great service.  A bit pricey.  No line to get in was a plus.
4	This place makes Old Country Buffet seem like a desolate fast-food joint. For $30, it's reasonably priced for all-you-can-indulge and for $37, unlimited mimosas, bloody Marys and champagne. Bubbly! I love that even during the brunch hours (8 am - 3 pm), they had everything from fluffy pancakes to kalbi Korean short ribs. I don't know about you but that's exactly how my palate functions, in a myriad of savory and sweet flavors and textures. A chef will whip up a customized omelette or you can serve yourself from row after row of seafood, Asian, fruits and veggies, pasta, eggs benedict and even sushi. And if you're feeling frisky, try hitting up the dessert area first. A case of mouth-watering and creamy gelato awaits you as well as a pastry case of little colorful delicacies (rich chocolate mousse atop tangy passion fruit, tiny gold-flecked wafer cones, chocolate covered strawberries!)Finally, this is a buffet that understand portions. A significant chunk of their offerings come pre-portioned in mini cups, bowls and dishes so it's easier to try a taste of everything. Usually, I find myself putting 5 lbs of mac and cheese on my plate by accident so this was a nice change. The wait wasn't too long but it is rather silly to have a cashier line AND a "waiting to get into the buffet before I keel over from hunger" line.
4	A unique buffet to correlate cosmopolitan's personality. The style is suitable for urban foodies to get a break from traditional boring crab legs experience. All done via small plates and each item is constructed with quality and thought. We went for the weekend brunch ($30). Next time I'm in vegas, I'm putting my money here.
4	Very small selection.Non-existent line also (Saturday evening...)So it actually evens out.  The food is ok.  nothing special.  Bellagio is definitely better.But no line...Prime rib and leg of lamb were great.  Nothing else was very good though lol.Crab legs were meh...Shrimp cocktails were good, but htey were in tiny shot glasses making it hard to get the cocktail sauce... annoying...Dessert was ok.Coffee is not as good as Bellagio's either.3 for the buffet, bumped it up one cuz there were no lines which saves me 2 hrs of my gambling time.
2	This buffet was great when it first opened, but has now fell off a bit over the past couple of months.  I also believe the price has gone up, yet the food quality has gone down.  Tourists might enjoy this buffet, but being a local...I will have to pass.
2	givemeabreak.  if only you spent as much time on taste as presentation... cuz its not the quality of  ingredients that are lacking.
4	Food is a 3. BUT the idea adds another star. Little presentation on small pots and pans make me feel like I am a 7 year old again playing house with my friends. Desserts are delightfully presented, and I like the name of this buffet.Wicked Spoon. Who knew vegas buffet can be anything but ordinary???I would probably eat here again, but not do the champagne brunch for almost $40 pp. I don't think it's worth that much.Service was good. The waiters checked on our table frequently to make sure our plates were cleared off and our glasses were full. Thats good in my book.On to the next restaurant/ buffet!!! lol~
3	We went on Sat for the brunch/lunch buffet, $60.00 for 2 people without tip...I would give it a 3.5 actually, its a little pricey for a buffet and not everything is great.... but what I did Love was the thin crust pizza, the gnooci, and the ravioli-I think it was a squash ravioli with croutons in one of those little pots... and the chocolate covered strawberries with the toffee heath crunchy stuff that it was dipped in was delicious! the little cone with the mousse is delicious too...  The Gelato was good but by that time I was so full and I dont think I could taste anything!Mac and cheese was a little dry, sushi was okay, salmon was okay, shrimp cocktail was okay...there was this couple next to us who were very upset because they didnt have bagels and they had to go to one of the other restaurants to get a bagel for the guy...there were so many things to eat there and he wanted a bagel???really???
3	The ambiance is nice for a buffet. The presentation of the food is higher than average, but the food was overall not as good compared to others like the Wynn Buffet. However, the gelato is quite good, and I liked the idea of the individual portions though it made me feel guilty when I just wanted a bite of something, but was forced to take a full serving. They didn't have any issues with clearing my half-eaten portions.
3	Just went to this buffet and I tagged on the 'all you can drink mimosa for $8'.  Our server was really good and kept me topped up with drinks all morning - I was never without a mimosa!  Now onto the food bit - I would have given it a 2.5 but my husband felt it should be higher, so we settled on 3 - this does not include service.Food in my opinion was ok but the majority of it looked dried and withered, as if it had been out for hours.  However, my husband said the cooked to order section ie: eggs/omelet was really good.The oriental/asian/sushi section looked like it should have a health warning attached to it - it looked like it was left overs from the day before.Pizza section ditto.  Most of the food was luke warm.Now to the recommendations:  pumpkin ravioli, salad bar, some of the meat/carvery section and the dessert section - in particular the PB and jelly ice cream.  Huge strawberries dipped in choc looked nice.Was quite disappointed on the whole.The decor/music/ambiance was lovely in comparison to some other buffets in Vegas.
5	Great buffet, and totally worth the price. The food was great, the bottomless mimosas were plentiful (and brought 2 at a time) and the staff was excellent. I was a little sad they didn't have the red velvet pancakes because of the seasonal pumpkin variety, but that just gives me an excuse to come back next time we're here!
5	This is best buffet ever~ $22 for brunch which is cheap compare to bellagio and Wynn... you get many many fruits, food, fish, shrimp, and dessert~ the dessert are super super nice and tasty. i love their cocktail shrimp because you can tell how fresh it is. they put most of the food into small container which is very nice and make you want to try everything~ I tried wynn and bellagio buffet, but i think Wicked Spoon is the best~yum yum~
2	I was super excited to try this buffet since the pictures made it look so good. But lo and behold, i was quite disappointed. The food was pretty mediocre. Below average even. The prime rib was decent BUT they had no au jus for it. What kind of establishment has no au jus for prime rib!?? this one.The salmon was normal. Little on the dry side. The kalbi was ok. Little chewy, but flavor was good. The spicy tuna roll was good. Actually spicy with little rice. The salmon roll was just ok. Normal. Fried chicken was just ok. It wasn't dry. But the flavor was lacking. Thai mango salad has a good flavor, but the noodles were raw. I think they coulda cooked it and just serve it cold, but it was actually raw. Blech.Mac and cheese was made to order. (Everyone said it was good, but I did not have it personally.)All in all, I tried almost everything. And there was nothing I wanted to devour. I was disappointed with the food.The desserts, I must say, were quite pleasing.The gelato was super crazy good. All the flavors were good. The chocolate dipped strawberries were good. The fruit stuffed macarons were good. All the desserts were quite yummy. I  think I ate 5 of those mini chocolate waffle cones. The only thing worth mentioning was their dessert. Service was ok. Little slow. For about $44, I think I would rather frequent the Wynn or Bellagio buffet.
5	I've been to Vegas so many times that it's no longer about walking the strip watching crazy drunk people and taking in the sights of the latest behemoth resort. It's all about taking the taxi and getting me to my desired hotel. On my trip last week to Vegas, I kept seeing advertisements for "the best buffet in Las Vegas." Apparently they were the best, so away we went to the Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan! Those advertisements were definitely right on! I'm very big on quality versus quantity when it comes to a buffet. The Wicked Spoon did not disappoint! We went during brunch time and immediately offered a mimosa or bloody Mary. I knew then, this was place was awesome! They served many portioned out small plates of tasty stuffed pastas, BBQ cornbread and fried chicken. The carving station offerings of tri-tip and short ribs were outrageously good! I'm not a fan of sushi at buffets, but they were pretty good here. Due to the popularity of their specialty rolls the turnover is quick, ensuring freshness. The dessert bar was fantastic. My favorites were the chocolate covered strawberries and strawberry shortcakes.Very friendly service! Prices were reasonable. $22 per person at brunch. Overall, the best buffet in Vegas!
1	I remember now why I didn't review this the first time around which also caused me to come back and re-experience the sad 2 hours of pure dismal horrifying nightmare for any buffet enthusiast.  I don't know how this place has such high reviews.  People, the cosmo is fancy schmancy and nice.  And sure they like to dress up their dishes a little bit better and the food is served in individual containers, but the food is absolute crap.  It doesn't taste good and the selection is an insult to all other buffets in existence. On this occasion, I came for brunch ($45 including bottomless drinks) and was hoping to find myself faced with great brunch assortments including cocktail shrimp, maybe some crab cakes or crab legs and prime rib and lamb roast, etc.-Prime rib - dry and flavorless.  PLUS they only offer 1 cup of au jus for the masses?  blasphemy!-cocktail shrimp - dinky, overcooked, and they give it in cups containing 2.-smoked salmon - dry over salty-green curry clams - only thing interesting but still tiny-crab - what crab?  theres crab?  NOPE-lamb shank - extremely gamey and just bland as hell-drinks - WARNING, if you come in after 2pm, there's no bottomless after 1 hour.  Therefore, I had to rack in as much drinks as I could by ordering 5.....they gave me 2.  Thanks.  Thanks.....-coffee - stunk-caesar salad - this was actually good size and serving, but CMON, its salad!-soup? - miso soup.....go figure, cheapasses-Fried chicken - tender, but so salty that it tastes bitter.NEVER coming back.  I know now since I finally wrote my review for it.  Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.
4	Holy crap what a buffet!!!!!!!!!!!! We went here twice for breakfast, next time we will be sure to hit here for dinner.First they have a very wide selection of food. All your normal stuff like pancakes, french toast, made to order omelets....etc. But what makes this stand out is all of the cool little stuff. They have small pans with eggs Benedict, or a scrambled egg mix. They also have a little asian flair. Sushi in the morning, miso soup, korean short ribs. Then there is the desert island. So many little items all with different flavor combos.......NOM NOM NOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!Price is $22, but that comes with a mimosa,champagne, or bloody mary. The first day here we asked about purchasing an additional mimosa and our server told us it was $8 and bottomless!!! But the second day we where told that was only on weekend, this was odd because this happened on a tuesday/wednesday. Water, OJ, Coffee are all provided as well.
4	I lucked out. My girlfriend had a 2 for 1 deal. $35 for 2 people for dinner buffet? ALL IN.Wicked Spoon opens for dinner at 5pm so if you want to avoid the lines, hit it up early! We went at 6pm and walked in with a breeze.If you have any vegetarians in your group, this place is do-able for both carnivorous folk and veggies alike. Food comes in smaller portions here and is presently nicely. There is not much meat. There was prime rib, some Korean short ribs, fried chicken and one other meat dish but I only had prime rib. It was decent but definitely not the best I've ever had at a buffet. If you want good prime rib at a buffet go off the strip and hit up M Resort. But I digress...ANYWAYThe crab legs are minuscule here! If you're a seafood lover you'll be disappointed with that. There was barely any meat so I skipped it.Why is my review still at 4 stars?Well, the personalized mac & cheese station is awesome. You go down the line and pick out what you want and a cook makes your mac n cheese dish fresh for you.I also loved the selection of gratins! My favorite was the truffle potato gratin. Went so well with my slice of prime rib.Another winner was the Louisiana BBQ Shrimp w/ cheddar bacon grits. I LOVE ME SOME BACON AND I LOVE ME SOME GRITS. Perfect sized amount served in a little individual container.My girlfriend and I also loved the wild mushroom polenta. The mushrooms were cooked PERFECTLY and so amazingly good it tasted like it had truffle in it. SO SO GOOD. The gnocci was excellent. The pork & lamb meatball spaghetti wasn't that great of a hit. The meatball itself was very dry but the spaghetti's marinara sauce was on point. Like I mentioned before, everything is served in its own little plating/containers so portion control is very easy to manage here. Dessert station had little macarons, chocolate mousse, gelato station, dark chocolate covered strawberries w/ nuts and some sliced strawberries with REAL FRESH HANDMADE whipped cream. None of that out of a can nitrous oxide shit. That was LEGIT. My gripe with the dessert station is that other than the strawberries, there wasn't any fresh fruit! COME ON! I'm Asian! I need fruit after a meal yo! Hahahahaa... Left feeling so content but not overly full and still somehow managed to fit into my skimpy 5th Element costume. That's right, Leeloo Dallas Multipass got her grub on at a buffet before going out to Marquee to save the world
3	Gave this place two tries-- one a brunch and one dinner. Both were comped for  me- -so it didn't cost - and I'm glad it was free.Service at the brunch was just so - so  , we have 1 guy for a large table and he forgot coffee and bloodymary for like 20 min!  I had to track down another waiter who found our waiter and reminded him-- he had even written it down and I think the entire table  got coffee - all the girls got their mimosas .   Anyway, breakfast foods were just so- so also, poor chefs making the omlets and made to  order eggs- burnt several - and the carving station was  unmaned 50% of the time you had to stand there and try to get the attention of someone to come carve.   I won't even go  into asking for ketchup and hot sauce ! What an ordeal.  Dinner was ok- but I guess I'm a fan of standard buffett fare like a salad bar , prime rib and roasted chicken -- none of this the Friday night I went to the spoon for dinner.The best items-- desserts are wonderful.Until service is stepped up I would not pay thier price for this buffett. Get it comped or don't go.  Maybe I just got soured by the bad service , but I don't remember the food being "out of this world " either.
5	I'm in love with this buffet.  I used to have a serious relationship with the Wynn Buffet, but now Wicked Spoon has seduced me.The usual motive for a buffet is eating until you can't move anymore, and getting your money's worth by stuffing yourself.  However, I look more for the quality versus quantity, and this buffet really does hit the spot.  No, this buffet doesn't have the most types of food available, but it sure does have tasty options and everything is beautifully presented. My favorite highlights:-Fried chicken, which came in individual fryer baskets-Creamy polenta, in individual mini pot. So good. I couldn't believe how great it was for a buffet.-Sushi was surprisingly good. Not Nobu, but for a buffet it was pretty damn good.-Tri-tip (and all other meats) - AMAZING. If you were to stock up on a food, I'd suggest getting a few cuts of these!!! Very juicy, again very surprising for a buffet. Good quality meat.-Vietnamese sandwich - SKIP. Bread was soggy which threw off the whole sandwich.  Definitely not worth space in your precious stomach.-Brown rice & cranberries - so delicious. Not the best but definitely up there!-CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES. A noob to Las Vegas buffets. I was in shock and heaven when I saw these. -Unique flavored ice cream, including Almond Joy. Delicious.****Important announcement: complimentary mimosa upon request!!!!!!!!!!Will be returning during my next visit to Vegas!
4	Wicked Spoon, like the Cosmopolitan Hotel it is housed in, is a welcome breath of fresh air in the culinary buffet scene.  While buffets like Wynn and Bellagio have long dominated, Wicked Spoon does things entirely differently....and succeeds.  It is easily the best new buffet in years.For $29 ($37 with unlimited mimosas, bloody marys, and champagne), the weekend brunch presents the following:- selection of cooked items across more ethnic cuisines than any other buffet can match.  Fried chicken, korean short ribs, Vietnamese Shaking Beef, Thai curry, and dim sum to name a few.- excellent presentation and an attention to flavorful and delicious food, not just quantity- the best dessert selection of any buffet.  Rather than soft serve ice cream like many places, they have a full on gelato bar here.  Wow.- Prime Rib, slab bacon, linguica, Rack of Lamb, and Prime Rib Bone are just a sampling of the excellent carving station- more high-end pasta dishes and artfully presented in small metal pots than I've seen anywhere.  If you like pasta or carbs, Wicked Spoon will clearly win you over.  Gnocci, butternut squash ravioli, Smoked Mac and Cheese and Cavatelli are among the top choices.  - great salad and fruit bar, again with innovative and new items like gazpacho puree, blt salads, endive salads, and dipped strawberries that look more like a high end restaurant than a buffetThe only thing keeping Wicked Spoon from 5 stars and possibly not clearly being the top buffet in Vegas is the following:Sushi - California and spicy tuna rolls.  No nigiri, no other rolls, and no sashimiSeafood - they had cocktail shrimp and smoked salmon, but no crab legs, jumbo prawns (Aria, Bellagio), or lobster claws or any other notable seafoodSoups - could only find a miso soup.  Missed the rice porridge from Bellagio (for the Asian high rollers) and other soup options.  Overall, I was thrilled with the value and the variety of Wicked Spoon.  I will clearly be coming here again, but for true seafood lovers, I can see them liking Bellagio, Wynn, or Sterling more.  Nonetheless, while not every item was great, so many things were done right and so differently that Wicked Spoon will be one to bookmark for a long time.Wicked Spoon accepts credit cards, including American Express.My Buffet Rankings:1) Westin at the Bund, Shanghai - $60/person and an excellent selection of sashimi, seafood, roasted suckling pig and fresh hand tossed Chinese noodles.  2) Hakone, Oahu - all-you-can eat toro, uni, kobe beef, and amaebi, $60/pp.  3) Sushi House Goyemon, Las Vegas - great nigiri, sushi rolls, and cooked appetizer and dessert selection for an unbelievable $26/pp.4) Navio at The Ritz Carlton - only down a slot secondary to the astronomical price ($88/price) but made up for with a spectacular view, top notch service and great food.  5) Wicked Spoon, Las Vegas - great cooked selection, variety, and high end presentation.  Unmatched desserts and gelato. $29/pp6) Bellagio, Las Vegas - congee, prime rib, shrimp/crab, sushi $35/pp
3	This is more a 3.5ish?The dessert selection is quite amazing :) Some are good, many--however--are not. I definitely recommend the mango-passionfruit mousse cup though, as well as the mini cheesecake! Their desserts are not too sweet, so for all you sweet-tooths out there...this may not be your type of dessert!I loved the vast selection of appetizers and the meats are always tender and delicious! Only thing I don't like is the entire "Asian foods" selection. Everything was either way too salty (curry clam), technically wrong (Asian banh mi does not look like that...), or just tasted really off/not Asian. Overall, there isn't a HUGE selection, but it's not too bad. I probably wouldn't come here again, but it's not bad for a buffet...but not quite up to par to the other Vegas buffets such as Wynn or Rio Seafood.
4	I have to say outta all the buffets I've been to this is hands down the best one. The way they serve food is like a mini tapas so every serving you grab is on it's own individual plating which is total genius. You can't really over grab. The food was awesome the prime rib nice and pink in the middle as well as the seafood and the dessert's were ridiculous!This is a very fun open buffet and had just about everything I wanted to eat! I'll be coming here again in thanksgiving!
3	After getting a buy one get one free coupon decided to go back.  The buffet is definitely worth half price, but not $35...actually no buffet is worth that much but if you people feel the need to overspend because you're on vacation, knock yourselves out. I did like the pork tostada, salmon and Korean short ribs and the pretzel rolls were really good, too.   I did not care for the prime rib which was overdone (how do you do that?).  The beignets were not really that, they were just doughnut holes with sugar...kind of an insult to what a beignet really is.   The strawberries were really small this time.  Overhyped and underserved and i had a few other things that had no taste and could not figure out what in the world they were. .As I said, it's not a knock me over type of place and I will never go for full price.  The M and Bellagio are still my absolute favorites and if I do ever feel the desire to pay that much, that's where I'll head to.
5	I chose to go to this buffet for brunch/lunch based on a recommendation and was very impressed. The wait for about 40 minutes but it was well worth it. It was $30 for the lunch buffet and an additional $7 if you wanted to add unlimited Champagne and Mimosas (highly recommended, the Mimosas were tasty!). I loved how everything was plated as individual portions, it made it really easy to share and sample everything. The prime rib was cooked to perfection, I couldn't help going back for more. Everything was delicious and the experience was pleasant. Our waitress told us that they serve snow crabs for the dinner buffet, so next time I'll be trying the dinner!This place has everything you could and couldn't imagine. I can't wait to go back!
4	Lots of choices but no crab legs.  So many choices for desserts:  from macaroons to gourmet iced cream.  I will be back.
5	seriously, this place is my new favorite vegas buffet.  the food is great and there is a ton of variety.  the things that pop out as most memorable to me are the mac and cheese bar (you can seriously have them make almost whatever you can imagine for mac and cheese.  blue cheese, cheddar, bacon, they can do a ton).  they also had a really good pasta section and pizza section that didn't have a ton of choices, but what they had tasted great.  they had chioppino which was really good too, and the extra sauce made it really good to dip other items into.  crab legs were tasty and were already cut so getting the meat out was nice and easy and they also had little dishes of butter for dipping.  the sushi was alright, i think the bellagio is still the winner in the sushi department.  however, they have a korean bbq part here and it has the kalbi ribs which i loved, along with cajun cooked shrimp.  they also have stuff i have not seen at other buffets such as big beef bones cut in half for those who like marrow.  the shrimp cocktails were very good, i probalby had like 20 of those alone haha.  the dessert bar here is absolutely amazing.  they have your typical cakes and stuff, but then they have little plastic shot glasses with mixes of stuff from fruit creme, to mousse, to fudge, to solid chocolate tops with a variety of toppings from fruit to gold leaf and they were all presented very well.  they have a gelato bar that blows the one at the mirage away which is always a big selling point of the mirage buffet to me.  but there are like 10-14 flavors here and the PB&J one is great, along with salted peanut and pistachio, but you can't go wrong with any flavor they offeronly things i did not like about this buffet are that it seems to be in the very back corner of the cosmo so you literally have to walk half a mile through the casino to get there, and they try to promote signing up for the players card there, but the card they give you is useless until you go to the actual players cards stations in the casino and have them activate a card for you.  but the buffet is excellent, and i will probably be back there when i am back next month
4	I had been drooling over the reviews and pictures here on Yelp for a few months before we finally made it this past Monday for their brunch.  My goodness, based on Vegas standards, $22 for an all you can eat buffet that includes tea and a glass of champagne is an incredibly delicious bargain!     I will be honest...first walk-thru impression was that there was a lot less to it than I had expected.  That impression changed the more I looked more thoroughly.  Treasures were to be found!  Like:  perfectly cooked shrimp cocktail in tiny cups, tasty tiny tacos with delectable topping choices, succulent asiago-stuffed gnocchi with asparagus and tomato (very rich), perfectly fried chicken wing pieces (and I normally don't do fried chicken), savory salads like fennel with grapefruit and orange and grilled asparagus, flavorful black pepper turkey, thin crust delicious pizzas like sausage and olive and bbq chicken.   It's all about what you like or what you're in the mood for, and fortunately here there are so many options. With brunch there was plenty of breakfast stuff (which we ignored).   Desserts were very good also.  I absolutely loved the purple macaroon with fresh berries and a dab of chocolate. Also had a tiny dish of lemon gelato that was tangy and tasty.   Atmosphere was very comfy, service was excellent...drinks were kept refreshed and empty plates were removed efficiently.   At about half the price of the Wynn buffet which we have done twice and loved...it's WELL worth the price and enjoyment!
5	LOVED this place!  Had everything from fruits to hummus, to mac & cheese station to the Sushi station.  The desserts are just the cherry on the cake too.  Service was excellent.  It is pricey but I brought a group of girls here before a long night out partying and I'd starved them all day.  It was worth it.  It was nice having smaller portion foods and the variety.  We'll definitely come back again
5	I was bad... I didn't take advantage of this during dinner time. BUT for the 2 DAYS I ate it for brunch ROCKED!!!When I go to Vegas I love trying the new buffets. I always look forward to trying the new ones & also my old faves like Bellagio, but this time I had the Wicked spoon 2x... because of the price & the food. I especially liked it that they had most of the food out for brunch & lunch. Only the crab legs were for dinner. I had to take a walk before I was able to start eating. It's a lot to take in. So many choices! DIY quiche/omelet bar, Ham/bacon/tri tip, Italian/Korean/Mexican/Chinese/etc...  I was able to enjoy kal bi & sushi w/ bottomless mimosa (+$8). I especially like the presentation. Everything was set in it's own dish or freshly made. The eggs Benedict was set in its own stainless steel mini pots or pans. I was able to see a sushi chef making the spicy tuna roll at 10 AM. Hmm... what else... DESSERT~! So tasty. So many fancy things... loved all the flecks of gold that was placed on many of the dishes. Also, fresh berries & whip cream w/ gelato. Another Dish I REALLY enjoyed was the beet salad. All the salads were fresh. They tossed a small platter full at a time for the Caesar Salad.Would totally go back again!!! :)
5	WOW...just a great place to eat. Mind you, I am not a fan of buffets for various reasons, but this place was awesome. I heard about it through yelp and other bloggers and I am so glad that my friends and I enjoyed our time here.We arrived around 1230 and waited  about 40 minutes to get seated. The location is a bit tricky since it's hidden deep inside the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel, down a long, empty hall. The place was busy when we arrived (brunch) but the line went by pretty fast. Once seated, our server started the first round of our unlimited mimosas. We collectively decided to pay the extra $8 each since hey, its unlimited! The orange juice seemed freshly squeezed and it had just the right ratios of champagne and juice. We were never without a full glass, and to that we were very appreciative.On to the food....can I just say...YUM! Most buffets I've been either have large quatities of bland food or large quantities of salty food. This place was delicious! The presentation of each dish, especially those, in lil' individual servings were so good. I loved the lil baskets of fried chicken, or the mini mac and cheese, even the invidual apple crumb pies. I can't say enough good things about this place other than  it's worth the wait, money, and walk to eat here. If you're ever in vegas and planning to eat at a buffet, this place is definitely a must try.
4	This used to be our "go to" for buffets.  The boyfriend and I decided to try it out when they first opened, and found that we enjoyed the pre-divided portions.  (Mind you, not everything was like that.  There were also food served the traditional buffet way.)  Apparently, you either love this particular serving style or you hate it.  We loved it.  Food and service quality were definitely up to par.  They have a variety of food and have choices available that aren't your typical buffet fare.  They also have a mac and cheese bar, which I loved since I am a mac and cheese feign.  I think the thing I enjoyed most was the desserts.  I'm not a big sweets person so I chose the French macaroons and the white chocolate dipped crab apples and strawberries.  However, for the people with a sweet tooth, they have a variety of gelato, fudge, cakes, and whatever else.  Unfortunately, we've heard that the food isn't the same as it was before so we haven't been back.  They also raised their prices (it used to be $29, I think).  It's now $35, which is a bit steep if I'm not guaranteed amazing food.
3	This place was pretty good but nothing to be excited about.  My friend told me it's one of the best buffets in Vegas right now, so when we went for my friend's bachelorette weekend we decided to eat here for brunch.  This is my third buffet that I have tried in Vegas and honestly, they have all been the same to me. The only difference are the prices.  Bottomless mimosas you have to pay additional $10!! I've been to cravings at the Mirage and they serve bottomless mimosas with NO ADDITIONAL charge - I think that's why I'm giving this place a 3!The difference with Cravings Buffet & Wicked is that Wicked has more and better selections with their dessert.  But with food, food - they pretty much have the same stuff. What I liked about Wicked was their mint chocolate ice cream - YUM!
3	This place is good, but not great.  I had much higher expectations for it.  The night we went there was a lot of food that looked like it had been sitting under the lamp for a while.  So that i the first turn off.  The staff was seriously rude and left us with dry links a lot.  Don't even get me started about the Gelato dude ... wow.... he needs to find a new job and NOT one in customer service.  Maybe a garbage man or someone that does not have to deal with people directly.  Anyway - the Turkey served in the Korean food area was good.  The desserts were good, the mashed potatoes were good, but that is about it ... I wish I could give this place a better review, but I am not a huge crab fan and had none, so I can judge it for that.
3	we went here because my sister heard that it was good.mmmm, it was just ok.i liked how things were served in little portion pots (some items) and things looked pretty but not everything was yummy. some were really salty too. so the food in itself was nothing special nor was there a huge variety.dessert was pretty good though and their gelato was yummy! i think the gelato was the best part of the buffet.all in all, nothing crazy i thought.
3	I guess I'm just not a big enough of a fan for buffets.  It was a little expensive too, I think we paid like $44 after tax and tips for a Monday evening.  I can't imagine what it would be like on the weekends.  We came pretty early therefore there wasn't much of a line although it did take them forever to seat us even though the dining area was practically empty, which I felt was a little ridiculous.  As we were eating the line gotten longer and for the same reason, it takes them so long to seat people.  They should really have these girls wear flats rather than heels if it's gonna take them that long to walk and set up the tables.The food.  The food was good, although I didn't think there was that many choices as a buffet should have.  Although, I did like the fact that they were already pre-individually plated. Probably wouldn't want to do it again.
5	Yum! One of my favorite Vegas buffets. I still haven't been to belaggio, but this is much better than Wynn. The think I love about this place is the individual dishes for each food. Unlike most buffets that offer the food in a huge tray and you take the pieces you want. At Wicked Spoon it's individual dishes, so you feel the care and presentation of each separate dish. The salmon was amazing, and so was the shrimp and grits. Lots of different delicious selections.
4	Good upscale buffet with tapas-like delivery. I don't have a problem with this because you can always go back for more and there really is no need to pile a plate high like one would at Denny's. Looking for that experience? Go to Denny's.The desserts are not to be missed so don't over do it! The peanut butter cookies were the best I've ever had. Not too sweet but nice and chunky.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas! I think they win best presentation hands down. The food is really good but as far as variety and taste, I still give Wynn or Belagio Buffet the medal. I love the little portioned size items. Love the service too.I would definitely go back!
3	the buffet is average, the food did not taste with any special flavor, seemed as the food is cooked in a hurry without any special ingredients to help the food. they have plenty of options, omelets,french toast,pancakes,tacos,ribs,prime rib,chicken,fried rice(not that great),mac n.chs(tastes good, not great),pizza,salads,fruits, and dessetts that were okay. i expected to have an omelet,french toast and some cuts of meat and chicken since it was brunch and top it off with a great cheesecake, but it wasnt d case. I haven't disc,overed that awesome buffet hete in d usa, but over seas i have found great tasting buffets that leave u wanting more. so if u really enjoy a good dish go to a sit down restaurant and u will get a much better meal and for less$$.my total was $38 sunday brunch.  service was good, cant complain
4	Stopped by for brunch/early dinner. This is not your average buffet. The presentation of some dishes are pretty fancy looking, but served a helpful purpose. The presentations really controlled the portion and quality of the dishes. Items don't seem to be sitting there too long under the lamps. I did enjoy the variety of this buffet. Just like any Vegas buffet i wait til i see the dessert before i can give a total review and there desserts are on point. I think the shot size servings of gelato were just enough to help prevent from wasting any. I did feel a little funny though considering I had seven different flavors on a plate. I mean, I had to see which flavor worked for me? They're all good.
4	Came here for dinner during my last Vegas trip and of all the buffets on the strip this is probably the best bang for your buck.For quality of food I would still much rather have Wynn Buffet but this is not bad. In general I would rate this as much more of a "girly" buffet the food is well packaged and dressed up in small containers and it has all the necessities. However I'd say on their heavier foods like steak and prime rib it is not on par with Wynn. Great dessert selection though. At the end of the day, I think it is worth going to but there is so much better food in Vegas that I would not limit myself to this buffett.
4	My FAVORITE Vegas Buffet! Come for dessert - Chocolate covered strawberries!I LOVE Wicked Spoon! Everything is good and everything's served in these cute little single serving dishes or mini pots!  Adorable!! Best of all, they always have chocolate covered strawberries and french macarons.  But the food itself is good.  Fresh made salads, sometimes even lobster bisque, and a vast variety of meats and other dishes. The wait hasn't been too long every time I've been to Wicked Spoon.  And the service has always been extremely good.
5	holy moly, this is the best best best buffet ive ever gone to in vegas. and thank God its fall and PUMPKIN season!!!! went here for the saturday breakfast brunch and i have to say, i was a little thrown aback at the price for two people since most buffets are like 10 bucks right?!? well, you def get what you pay for and my tummy was very happy here at the wicked spoon.  i got pumpkin pancakes, red velvet pancakes, sweet potato hash, fresh berries, pizza (i know, kinda random for breakfast but it looked good!), bacon, omelet, steak eggs benidict, and of course I had to get dessert!! gelato! tiramisu gelato along with some chocolate covered strawberries and some berry cobbler!! yup it's a miricle I walked (and not rolled) outta there.the thing is, we enjoyed the breakfast so much that we came back for dinner!!! dinner was of course pricier than breakfast but my husband enjoyed the crab legs, the Mac and cheese station, the prime rib. my favorite was the crispy chicken with Kim chee!! yum!!! and they had different types of fish, there was sushi, Thai noddle salad, it was just endless yumminess!!! and of course dessert!!! the dessert area was pretty much the same as the brunch but I was very happy with that! they even had some sugar free options! see, definitely something for everyone!!
2	I didn't really like it, cuz it was lunch time and not too many choices plus expensive too.2 stars for Korean ribs Kalbi :-)...Almost all their customers was Asian too ( 99% out of 100%)I don't know why? I have no problems with that but was just weird tho... Will I come back? Never...
5	The food and the atmosphere is hip, fun and fresh.  You can't go wrong with the creamiest risotto in town.  The chocolate covered baby apples were a cute touch.
3	Surprisingly I wasn't a fan. Maybe because I was semi-hungover and most of the food didn't appeal to me, or maybe because everything looked better than it tasted. It was about $30 for the lunch time buffet. The presentation of all the food looked amazing, especially the desserts. I literally tried all the desserts. However, the taste wasn't quite there. The most satisfying was the gelato they had. Yum :)I personally like the other Vegas buffets better. Maybe I'll come back for dinner sometime. We'll see.
5	The Wicked Spoon was Wicked GOOD!I took a few moments to read some of the recent reviews and I am shocked!  I can only speak for the Sunday brunch but it was the best brunch buffet to ever hit these lips!!!    From the moment you walk into this building you feel like you have entered a scene from Sex and the City.  It is definitely Shabby Chic!  Not my particular style but I loved the energy and attention to detail this place has.  Someone said they got lost getting to the restaurant.  Hmmmm, I don't want to say they are stupid but they have these little signs that direct you right to it....lol  It is down an unassuming hallway that leads you past the hotel room elevators.  One can reasonably assume that the target audience for this restaurant is GUESTS FIRST.  Rightfully so in my opinion.People complaining about price....Really?  This is Vegas people!  Sure it is expensive but I can honestly say it was worth every dime.  If you want a cheap but okay buffet, head to the Rio.  This is an upscale place and the food was more single serving than buffet quality.  There are plenty of cheap buffets but I assure you that you will get what you pay for.  BTW, Prime Rib is being used as a test to see if a buffet is good?  When did the worst cut of beef become the standard?????...lol  Every time I read a review that mentions Prime Rib I stop reading.  They obviously don't know quality food if that is their biggest topic to discuss.The food.....I was in heaven!  Individual servings of all you can eat food is not a negative thing.  It is a gift from God!  The temperature and quality are way easier to control and it cuts down on waste.  Again, lots of non restaurant people talking smack about things they have no knowledge about.  Tons of different options and tons of unique food choices to try.  You want to judge a buffet?  Do it by the quality of their bacon!  This place has the thickest, tastiest bacon of any buffet I have ever been too.  For goodness sakes, they even had slab bacon they would cut fresh for you!!!!  Omelett and egg station prepared any way you want it.  Fresh pecan french toast and pancakes.  Really?  If it were socially acceptable, i would have just eaten right off the serving dishes!Dessert station.  Okay, lots of smaller desserts and most were delicious.  There were so many options that I wished I hadn't eaten that third helping of bacon so I could fit more in.  If you want their best dessert tho, hit up the gelato station first.  Their best flavor is the SALTED PEANUT.  It was AWESOME!I will be back but next time I am wearing sweat pants!!!!!!!!!!
4	Having grubbing here twice, my rating is an average of both times. Wicked Spoon is a pretty cool buffet. It looks high class and trendy. Not too big and the lines are mild compared to other buffets in town. It's kinda hidden in the back of the 2nd floor of the Cosmo, past the giant shoe. There's even a restroom inside, most buffets have it outside. Their logo is this spoon with a keyhole in the middle, makes a bad soup spoon!Brunch - 5 StarsThe Sunday brunch buffet is a bargain! Comes with complimentary champagne. It closes at 2PM. We barely made it and had plenty of time to chow down. The highlights include:-Chicken wings - These were flavorful succulent wings that I still dream about to this day. They were like crack!-Bacon - No this isn't regular thin crispy bacon. It was a fat slice of pork belly the chef cuts for you. It was fat, juicy, and delicious. The outside was dry rubbed in heaven!Dinner - 3 StarsDinner on a Friday night was lackluster. It was way pricier. I was disappointed they didn't have the chicken wings or fatty bacon. I was in fact very sad. The dishes were hit or miss here. Some were dry because it was left on the heat lamps for too long. Some were great. The Korean BBQ was on the dry side.-Bone marrow - It's a giant beef bone cut in half and full of bone marrow. Might gross many people out, but I loved it.-Dessert - All the dessert was yummy! I like salted peanut gelato.I recommend the Sunday Brunch for maximum food for your buck. Otherwise, I think there are better dinner choices around.
5	This was our favorite buttet on the Strip.  My favorite dish was the shrimp & grits.  How do they get their grits that smooth and flavorful?  I'm a southern girl and had never tasted grits like that!  The chocolate mousse mango dessert served in a little cup was the most amazing dessert I've ever eaten!   The atomosphere here is much more sophisticated than the other buffets we tried in Vegas.  It was relatively quiet and a great place to eat and catch up with old friends.
4	There are only 2 complaints I have about this place and they both can be overlooked on the account that the food was pretty effing bomb. My first complaint was that they charged my group 18% gratuity because we wanted to seat 8 people together. Except they gave us two separate tables, like perpendicular to each other...I mean yeah, it's not a big deal, but I'm really poor, so 3% does make a difference. And the lady sitting us didn't seem very apologetic, but that might have been due to the fact I gave her attitude because I was hungry and angrys. Teeehee! Also, we were on a time crunch to get back to the hotel to get ready and come back to Cosmo to go to Marquee....we had some planning issues is all.The food was. Glorious! I really liked the BBQ shrimp, Jasmine Chicken, pizza, Salmon, Spaghetti and Meatballs. Basically most everything except the roast beef, prime rib, lamb, and some white fish thing...Get. All. Dessert. In fact, eat dessert first. Well, no not really, but make sure you save room for dessert or you will regret it. There was a really cute layered dessert that was a bit like a panna cota with a passionfruit/lemon filling on the bottom. There was a macaron on top that was just adorable and delicious.The service could have been better considering the amount of tip we were conned into paying. There was a lot of plates that we were done with on our table. But that also could have been due to us eating like monsters. We ate in record time of..I would say 45 minutes. And it was all girls. Don't judge us. We exercised at the club after. kinda. Even though it would have been nice to sit for awhile to savor all of the tastes, it was an interesting experience having to eat that fast, gulping down food, listening to the sound of clinking silverware and occasional gasps of  "_____ is SO GOOD!"
4	These buffet lines are ridiculous. Must be all the Asians and Jews out to get the most bang for their buck. Luckily for us, someone in our group just walked up to the VIP line and chatted up the Mexican cashier sistah. Right on through to the next hellish line to be seated. Unlike the regulars (Wynn buffet, Bellagio buffet, Sterling brunch, etc...), Wicked Spoon is probably the best deal for a buffet in this city. I think it was somewhere around the range of $40 ( ~$30 + ~$10 for unlimited Champagne, Bloody Marys, Mimosas). That's pretty damn cheap, and if that isn't for you, there's no reason that you should be in Vegas in the first place. I especially enjoyed the proper apportioning of food. Helps prevent the Asian moms from grabbing 20 lbs. of King Crab legs and helps you pace yourself to try everything at least once. Nice selection of dishes that are prepared, that breaks away from the traditional buffet model.They have a pretty awesome dessert section as well.Go throw up then get ready for Marquee. Cosmo is definitely hitting it big.
4	So we can just, hold my handBaby, I promise that I do all I canThings will get better if you just hold my handNothing will come between us if you justHold, hold my, hold my, hold my hand...at WICKED SPOON BUFFET! - Megan Nicole (hold my hand cover)Not only is this hotel nice, its got a wicked buffet to go along with it! Unless most casinos who stick their buffet in the middle of the casino floor for everyone to see, the cosmo put their buffet all the way in the back on the 2nd floor. i think it's a good thing too, because ur not distracted by games and when you are finished eating, you get to walk a ways to digest. The buffet itself is very spacious and feels new and clean. The asian food here really stands out, although some of their french/italian dishes are hit/miss. All of that is forgotten by the dessert though. Service was wonderful as well. For the casual vegas visitor, this is the buffet to go to at this time.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 5 stars --- Price(value): 4.5 stars
1	I wish there is 0 rating in yelp system, i mean it.So far, this is the worst buffet I've ever had. I didnt like it when it first open, but my friends told me it got better and i gave it another shot; but it still disappointed me.I had so many buffet in Vegas, M resort, Wynn, Bellagio, Rio, Aria, Cosmo etc. (thats the ranking from best to worst in my opinion).I wouldn't go there anymore.
4	Very good. At $24 bucks for buffet can't beat it. All food was very good. Definitely would go back.
2	Heard so many great things about this place, but when I went for lunch on a Monday, it pretty much was a disappointment. Selection of foods was paltry and no seafood at all except for the cocktail shrimp which they put like three at a time in a little cup. Will give it another shot maybe for dinner next time though.
1	I only went here because of the reviews on Yelp. Let me just say that I will never listen to Yelpers ever again. Wicked Spoon is the worst buffet I have ever been to! Expensive, small variety, food lacks flavor, and the small pots and bowls that they put the food in take up way too much space on your plate. Not practical at all! And I'm sure it only makes cleaning up much harder on them. The dessert section wasn't good. They hardly had any cakes, mostly just ice cream, cookies and little cups of custard-like crap. The salad section was a joke. They only had about 3 pre-made salads. You cannot make your own. The mac and cheese was the worst I ever had - too gooey and lacked flavor. I like the one from the Kraft box better.  The Au Gratin potatoes were awful - they use sweet potatoes and a bland watery sauce. Even the bread options are limited. They mostly have cracker-like bread and a couple of other types. The olive bread was too doughy and undercooked. They only had 3 types of cheese. The mashed potatoes were dry and hard. There were only 2 kinds and sushi rolls and the fish inside was almost non-existent. I could go on and on about how awful it was. Everything was very limited and I couldn't even find one item that I liked. I can usually find at least 3 things that I like at any average or below average buffet. Even the water wasn't good. They give every table it's own glass bottle of water and the small blue cups that they use for the water were ridiculous. They don't put ice in it unless you ask. I would not recommend this buffet to anyone. Go to Bellagio or anywhere else if you want real food. This garbage overrated buffet wouldn't even be worth $20 for me. Heck, I probably wouldn't even eat here for free. I can see that they are trying to be different and stand out from other buffets and they certainly do - that's what makes them the worst buffet in Las Vegas!
4	Brunch! Brunch! Brunch! Brunch!That's the best time to enjoy the Wicked Spoon buffet. $22 + tax per person will get you all the food you can eat + 1 serving of Champagne/Mimosa/Bloody Mary. In Vegas, this deal = smokin!I love the fact that they serve most of their dishes on individual plates/bowls/baskets. I didn't over ate because of it and I was full. I love how desserts have their own station and they were my favorite part of the meal.So here are my likes and dislikes of what I ate here:Likes:* Bacon (make sure you get the one where they will need to slice it for you, not the ones on the hot pan). This bacon is delicious. Very very very good and will make you very very very chubby.* Salad bar. Fresh and delicious. * Korean ribs. * Fried Chicken. They put these scrumptious dish in the mini deep fryer basket.* Gelato. The Strawberry Balsamic = yummmmmmmmmmm.* Chocolate Dipped Strawberries.* Other desserts. Too many of them to mentioned.Dislikes:* The Green Gazpacho... just no.* Fish dishes. They were under seasoned. Just bland.* Server. We had to ask for water refill. We tipped very well when we paid for our buffet and we knew our server noticed it, still the service was mediocre. I know this place is big, but there were more than one server there. I wish they are more attentive to their customers.Overall, we will be back whenever we will be in Vegas. Hopefully we will try dinner there so I can try the Bone Marrows.
3	We had brunch and I thought it was a great way to end a Vegas weekend since we practically starved the entire weekend. A buffet was just what we all needed. There was a good variety of food. You had the American section, Asian, Mexcian, Italian etc.. Great selection of desserts. Go for the gelato! The chocolate covered strawberries were huge but they could have laid off on the chocolate a little. Way too much chocolate (never thought I would complain about that). Overall the food was ok and the service was on par. I'm not a fan of buffet but this was ok.
5	Hellooooo... it's my new favorite buffet in Vegas... even if I didn't have one before.Everything was pretty damn good especially since most buffets have mediocre food. $22 for brunch and it includes one free alcoholic beverage... oh hell yes!Eat here, you won't regret it. Every single time I come to Vegas from now on, I'm going here... and Earl's for that matter. :)
4	Good place and good food! I went for the Thanksgiving Brunch and I waited to be seated for 40 mins. You can get unlimited mimosas/champagne for 8 backs extra :)
5	I am a local and I visit Wicked Spoon at least once a month. We have hosted our family breakfast here many times. There is a wide variety of food selection, everything is tasty, their coffee is the best, the dessert selection is amazing and their customer service is great. Don't forget to order your mimosa  (champagne and orange juice) which is often included in the price.
5	This has to be one of THE best buffets I have ever been to.. the $29 price is totaaaaaally worth it! And that price includes one complimentary mimosa or bloody mary :)Upon first walking in, you will automatically notice the huge selection of food they have to offer.. you won't even know where to start from! They offer many American dishes as well as Filipino and Mexican. They have a salad bar as well and a humongous dessert area (see pictures). Our waiter was super friendly and kept coming by to remove our dishes we were done with. This is definitely a MUST for all the buffet lovers :)*oh, a very odd thing here though, they DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS. it has to be cash.
3	Wicked Spoon seems to be one of the cheaper alternatives as far as buffets go. I'd give it 3.5 stars. They offer a pretty diverse selection of foods, and for an additional $8 on top of the $29 rate for brunch, you can also get unlimited mimosas! Heyyyyy! (:The food itself was mediocre, nothing really stood out to me. I did appreciate how many of the dishes were presented in smaller portions. This allowed me to literally try a little bit of everything, without feeling bad about wasting it if I didn't like it. I was pretty impressed with the dessert selection, having such a huge sweet tooth. A full gelato station, chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows, cookies, mini cakes and pastries, and so forth, all presented so beautifully! I felt bad eating them because they were so pretty! Our server was very friendly and attentive, making conversation with us throughout our meal and quickly clearing our tables and coming back with more mimosas.
3	On my to-do list for Vegas, eating at one of the highly-recommended buffets was a must.  Since we stayed at the Cosmopolitan,  that was the buffet we decided to try. I must say that the buffet is definitely a lot better than buffets I've experienced back home; however, it didn't exceed my expectations. I might have either expected too much or it just wasn't that great. They had a dessert section, but there wasn't anything spectacular- chocolate-dipped strawberries, gelatos, cookies, etc.. I was expecting tiramisu, cheesecakes, pudding, macarons, etc.. What a downer. The food selection was OK. They had a ton of salads to choose from- but who goes to a buffet to eat salads? They also tried to be diverse by having Chinese and Japanese dishes (BBQ pork, sushi..) but we all know that non-Asian places never serve great Asian dishes. Their pasta dishes were pretty good, but it's not worth the price we paid.  I heard the buffet at the Wynn was better and wished I had tried that instead but after this disappointment, I avoided all buffets.
3	**Price**       - $22.00 Brunch Mon-Fri 8am-2pm       - $29.00 Weekend Brunch Sat-Sun 8am-3pm       - $35.00 Dinner 5pm-9pm**Thoughts**       - Crab Legs (Dinner Only) - Warm crab legs next to the prime rib. A bit dry since they're just sitting in a pile.       - Shrimp - There were cocktail shrimps in mini cups (2 per). However, this also made the shrimps rather dry. It was amusing to see some people grabbing 8 little cups and loading up their plates.       - Carving Meats - They have prime rib, huge beef ribs, and bone marrow. First time I ever had bone marrow. It was interesting. Everything else, it wasn't bad nor was it great.       - Mini Pots - A good portion of their buffet selection is served in mini pots or mini frier trays. While the presentation is unique, this also makes them a little dry and not as hot as it should be.       - Atypical - They have unique foods like "Cavetelli With Roasted Chicken and Sun-dried Tomatoes(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xiR7vw2PipY9vyyS9sTbIw)" and "Asiago Stuffed Gnocchi With Asparagus and Tomato Butter(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=vbE5zidz4UaMEYMFhQkmDQ)." Instead of just plain rice, they have "Wild Rice With Figs, Cranberries, and Smoked Almonds."       - Tastiness - Though their foods were definitely different, the yummy factor just wasn't hitting it for me. I was disappointed the taste did not live up to the aristocratic names.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for an interesting experience. However, if it's taste you're after, I'd go elsewhere.
5	OMG. This place is amazing!The waiting was pretty horrible, about an hour or so but it was worth it. I had brunch and the cost was very reasonable!The eggs Benedict were spectacular, so was the pasta. A lot of different options, I couldn't even get to 50% of the food. Dessert was amazingly good... I totally recommend this place!
1	Wynn Buffet vs. Wicked SpoonSince these 2 buffets seem to be the top contenders for best buffet in Vegas I felt it would be beneficial to potential customers to structure this review as a comparison.  I visited Wynn and Wicked Spoon on 2 separate occasions for their weekend brunch.  PRICE: Wicked SpoonThe Wicked Spoon is slightly less expensive for all meals, but your savings will amount to about $3 per person.  AMBIANCE and PRESENTATION:  Wynn BuffetI'm not sure what the theme of Wicked Spoon is.  It has metallic ornaments hanging from the ceiling and I'm not sure what they're supposed to be or represent or how it compliments the name of "Wicked Spoon".  The rest of the dining area is kind of dark and woodsy.  Overall, the ambiance  is kind of random and haphazard, just like the rest of The Cosmopolitan.  The Wynn Buffet doesn't have a catchy name, but the environment is gorgeous.  From the ceilings you will see beautiful hanging plants decorated with different fake vegetables and fruits.  It's visually appealing and at the very least consistent with the theme of gluttonously devouring endless plates of food, which is what a buffet is all about.  Another annoying feature at the Wicked Buffet was the use of mini skillets and cups containing smaller portions of food.  While I like this approach as a means of controlling the size of my portions, it gets annoying placing these items in my plate with other items.  I have no idea how many people have touched those containers and I certainly don't want them touching my other foods.  Additionally, those containers are bulky and take a lot of space on my plate.  FOOD VARIETY:  Wynn BuffetSALAD BAR/ PRE-MEAL ITEMS: WynnBoth Wynn and Wicked Spoon lack decent salad bars, which is a huge disappointment for me because I like starting my gorging with a quality salad; at least Wynn offered some options for creating a decent salad though, whereas Wicked Spoon offered 2 choices of premade salads in small bowls.  These salads were tasteless and failed to impress me.  The appetizer/ hor'derve/ pre-meal area consisted mostly of different types of breads, small cups of shrimp cocktails (2 small shrimps per cup).  Additionally, I didn't notice any hot soups at Wicked Spoon.  CUSTOMIZED FOOD STATIONS: WynnAnother huge disappointment at the Wicked Spoon was the lack of stations where you could have foods freshly made.  At the Wynn Buffet there was an Italian station where you could have a pasta cooked in front of you with your favorite ingredients by a chef.  The Wynn also had an omelet station, crepe station, and panang station where you could also make the aforementioned items cooked to your specifications.   The only station at the Wicked Spoon was for omelets.  MEAT STATION:  Wicked SpoonThe Wicked Spoon actually offers more meat at the meat station than the Wynn Buffet's meat station.  Wicked Spoon offered large cuts of bacon, ham, sausage, lamb, and prime rib.  At Wynn Buffet, there were only 2 fresh meat items offered at the time of my visit.  DESSERT STATION:  WynnBoth Wynn and Wicked Spoon offer a diverse and tasty variety of desserts and the only real advantage that Wynn has over Wicked Spoon is a crepe station.  There's plenty of dessert pics so you can see for yourself what Wicked Spoon has to offer.  I recommend the cheesecake.  The cookies were rock hard and inedible.  The gelato was mediocre.  other notable observations at Wicked Spoon: 1.  Breakfast station combined with Mexican station!!? The breakfast station offered pancakes and french toast and then as I walked a half foot further I saw tacos and Mexican dishes.  In between the breakfast and Mexican station was a section for toppings for both pancakes and tacos.  As I mentioned before, Wicked Spoon was way too haphazard in its presentation and organization.  2.  Italian Station - do people actually like eating shitty cardboard pizza?  Why would you pay $30 and pile your plate with that garbage?  I didn't even bother with the Italian station at Wicked Spoon.  3.  Asian Station - Wicked Spoon had some more meats here (Korean BBQ and some turkey thing covered in teriyaki sauce), which is a plus, but not enough to beat the Asian station at Wynn, which had a Panang Station, where a chef actually made panang in front of me tailor made to my specifications.  The Asian station also had crappy sushi that I didn't touch  and some Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches, which I wasn't interested in because it was pork based.  The Asian station also had the only soup; that's right, the only soup the Wicked Spoon had was Miso!SERVICE:  WynnMy server was a bit slow.  I observed another party being immediately greeted by their server as soon as they sat down.  I didn't see my server until a good 5 minutes after I sat.  CONCLUSION: The Wicked Spoon is all hype.  I attribute the high reviews to a large number of female reviewers who enjoy trendy new things and tasty desserts
5	WHOA! Ate here for lunch during Pacquiao fight weekend and it was the longest I've ever waited. Hour in line to pay and another hour wait to, actually, EAT! lolMy cousins from SF read many good reviews bout this buffet so, didn't care about the wait. Thankfully, I wasn't starving so, I was just along for the ride.There seemed to be different items in the buffet, too. Which is great considering all the times I eat here. New items I noticed were: pork adobo, butter squash ravioli, yellow watermelon.Service is always great. Our waiter kept getting orders of different beverages orders, poor guy...see what happens when you serve hungover ppl :pThey, also, raised their prices. I swear this place raises their prices every 4 months.
5	My NEW favourite buffet!I KEEP telling myself I have sworn off buffet. i am a picky eater and I am SO OVER buffet. HOWEVER, I will come back to you wicked spoon! Listen up!! I have tried all the ones worth trying and here are the rest of the list in order:Wynn (my old favourite) 2XAria (when it first opened)M ResortBellagio (brunch)Mandalay Bay 2X (brunch and dinner)Paris (brunch)RioNew Orleans (brunch, cheap for the price)The following are disgusting, i would not go again even if it were free:Monte CarloMGMPlanet Hollywood (brunch)Harrah's (brunch)Excalibre (brunch)SO i consider myself making a pretty darn informed decision when i am saying this is THE best buffet.I went for dinner and at $35 a pop, the price was just right. The decor is classy and modern with a vintage twist. All the food I had was pretty well made. Everything actually looked appetising. and i LOVED the fact everything was single serving, making everything look more appetising. Plus less wasteful! If you want more, just get your butt off the seat and grab more!!!Shots of WATERMELON Refreshing, basically like thick watermelon juiceShot of AVOCADO/CUCUMBER/ETC was interesting...I felt healthy drinking it!COCKTAIL SHRIMPS were alright. a little small and lemon was sliced too thinlyCOD Not bad at all. Tender. NOT OVERCOOKED!!! even has asparagus in it.CEVICHE, well made but I am not a fanSNOW CRAB LEGS kinda meh...didn't feel too fresh, there's melted butter too.PRIME RIB Best prime rib I've had at a buffet. medium rare. DONE RIGHT!LEG OF LAMB tasted kind of funky. Do not like. BONE MARROW first time seeing this in a vegas buffet! It's alright...it's a buffet so i didn't expect much...but i would pay for a better bone marrow.TRI TIP It was medium rare, more on the rare side. It was a little salty. but not bad at all. I just prefer prime ribMUSSELS best ones I've had at a buffetCRAWFISH yummy!!!! CREAM PUFF it was ok. Tasted a bit like these asian buns I ate as a kidLEMON TART, it was ok, not too sour like most lemon tart. But i don't like lemon tarts in generalCHOCOLATE COVERED YUMMY!!!! even has oreos on themSLICES OF WATERMELON my favourite to end a buffet!CHOCOLATE CONE yummy but the cone could be crunchierThere's a ton of salad to choose from, some sushi rolls (no nigiri), mac and cheese bar, truffle mashed potatoes, gelato station, fudge, OK I NEED TO GO BACK SO I can eat that stuff. They might have more over the weekend too!***Tips: get the crawfish, load up on seafood, do the meat station but skip the leg of lamb. or ask for a small piece.Favourites: wide variety, GOOD quality for buffetDo not want: It is actually the same price as wynn buffet.... I feel bad taking so many individual servings of cocktail shrimps. Bone marrow was staleLast words: zee best!
4	I was skeptical about this buffet restaurant since it opened.  Since I work for the Cosmopolitan, and I get emp discount on non-weekend days, so I decided to give it a try.  However I'll keep this review unbiased.The service was friendly and professional.  No crazy long line to wait in.  I don't usually do buffet but the food here is more than just visually satisfying.  I originally thought it was all for show, but they actually got good taste and the desserts are funny cute and delicate.  Food was fresh in the pans.  Comfortable seatings.I won't say the food are top of the line but they are good, and the pricing was reasonable.Overall, I enjoyed it and will return again on my days off!
3	My experience at the Wicked Spoon was mostly good, punctuated by a few moments of amazement.  While it's definitely one of the best buffets I've been to, I'm still not sure it justifies the $50 price tag.  Overall, everything I tried was good, but there were a few items that stood out as excellent...  The first was the steak & grilled onion mini-sandwich, which I devoured before even getting back to my table.  (This was probably due to the 2.5 hour wait in line on Thanksgiving.)  Another high point was the tortellini-like pasta, with a fantastic tomato cream sauce.  Finally, the caramel candy bar ice cream was the pinnacle of the impressive dessert selection.  Though not one of the mind-blowingly good moments, I did appreciate the made to order mac 'n' cheese bar.  With mix-ins like ham and shrimp, you can't go wrong.  For 10 bucks less, (and a shorter line) this would easily be a 4 star buffet.  If everything was executed as perfectly as the highlights mentioned above, it'd be a 5.
5	HOLY AMAZING BATMAN!My husband and I got married in Las Vegas and wanted something nice but affordable to eat for our dinner. Buffet style seemed to be the only way to go for 30+ picky eaters and chefs. We were a little put off by the size of the line when we arrived but what could we expect for not making reservations. Once we got towards the front of the line and they realized we were still decked out in wedding gear and we were immediately greeted by the restaurant manager and shots! They even took the time to open another cashier station so that our guest were able to pay for their own means instead of 1 large messy check. We had no intentions of all sitting together since again we had no reservations and we were a large party, but somehow they worked their magic and had us all seated in 1 large area. The food was outstanding. My husband is a chef, so pleasing him and 10 of his closest chef buddies is a hard task and yet everyone seemed to really enjoy all of the offerings. I did not quite make it to my favorite area (the dessert station) because I filled up on so much great food, but everyone that did eat dessert assured me that I missed out. I will eat here every opportunity that I have, and still get calls from friends asking what restaurant we ate at for the next time they visit Vegas.Love LOVE LOVE The Wicked Spoon!
5	I read through some long reviews of this buffet prior to writing this, so I'll keep it short. I love and have been to many Vegas Buffets, because I occasionally enjoy eating as much food as I can in one sitting. For the breakfast buffet, this is the best quality and selection, for the price, that I've had in Vegas. I would go back in half a heartbeat.
3	When this place first opened, they had a much wider selection of good quality food.  It was my favorite buffet for the full 5 months that I went religiously, it didn't help living in Vegas.  I left Vegas for 3 months and just recently went back to Wicked Spoon to enjoy that delicious cheesecake fruit tart that I ABSOLUTELY LOVE .. and was so disappointed with all the other food options.  The only few things that have stayed the same and is still of great quality is the prime rib and dessert station (although the dessert station is missing a few great items they use to have).  But that cheesecake fruit tart is still SOOOO delicious :)
4	i must say that this buffet is up to par with the rest of the higher end buffets on the strip. in terms of variety and quality it is a good for what it's worth. their dessert bar is their speciality. we went for brunch and have yet to try them out for dinner. however we feel that the M resort studio B buffet overall is still the best buffet in vegas in terms of value and selection.
2	I was so disappointed with this buffet.  I heard great things, but we went on a Monday at 1100am for their brunch and it was not up to par.The service is good, but the food was disappointing.  I tried a lot of items, and the turkey and chicken adobada was dry.  The bacon slab was good, and the tri tip was great.  Everything else was a bit bland and tasteless.  It was nothing special above the M buffet or the Wynn Buffet.I think I might have to try the dinner, but as of my experience yesterday, I would not go back.
4	Great variety of food and flavors.  Service was excellent!!!
3	Let's start with the name. It's trying way too hard. Wicked Spoon? At the Cosmopolitan? Trying tooooo hard. Like, whatever (that's what I imagine people who read Cosmopolitan to say at least fourteen times per hour).After waiting in line for over an hour (after being told that this is, by far, the best buffet in Vegas), we finally got seated. I was a bit annoyed, because I noticed that there were a TON of tables, cleaned off and ready to go, but they still weren't seating parties. Methinks this is some kind of cheap attempt to make people wait a really long time so that they run out of buffet time and have to leave early in order to follow through on their other plans. Still, buffet's a buffet and I can't expect some perfectly-tailored experience... But I don't think it's too much to expect really good food. Some of the stuff was pretty good. And by "some of the stuff", I mean just the mac and cheese and the sausage. Everything else? About what you'd expect at any other buffet. Uninspired "Asian" dishes, decent desserts, downright nasty pork and turkey options, and various filler pastas and breads that (of course) turned out to be the tastiest. Is it worth the $30/person you pay at lunch? Well, yes. Service was friendly, the place was clean, and it didn't feel hectic and disgusting everywhere.  Is it worth the $30 and the WAIT? No way. Like, whatever.
3	This was the place we decided to smack our fat asses down for THE Thanksgiving dinner.  We had no idea how long the wait was.  Our journey started at 4pm from our hotel (we walked 1mi there), and ended around 9:30.  All this time, I was wearing heels.  I had to eventually take them off while standing in line sipping on some rum and coke from a water bottle.  There were two line.  One major one that wraps around the place.  This was the paying line.  Then there is another minor line inside.  This was the seating one.  Anyways, for $50 you get a choice of red, white, or champagne plus the large amount of grub choices.  The craving area had prime rib, turkey leg, turkey breast, and bone marrow.  There were shrimps/prawns in a sweet sauce and crab legs which were cut in half and drenched in butter.  The prawn was good but after removing the shell, it was too much work and not enough flavor.  The crab legs were easy to remove but too dry.  The sushi area definitely needs work.  There was like three selections: cali roll, spicy tuna, and tempera shrimp.  Geez, either improve or just get rid of them.  If there is one thing I hate at buffets, it's fillers!  Other side things were all decent.  The dessert was typical-- just like other nicer buffets.  I liked the bottle of water per table but keep that stuff coming man!
4	Everyone who knows me, knows that I am pretty hard on buffets in general. I disliked Espetus, Wynn, AND Bellagio buffets which most people love...but Wicked Spoon was wicked!We went on a weekday lunchtime and there was no wait at all which made it that much better! The line was short, the price was cheap ($22!?), the service was good, and the food was awesome!I like that the food comes in little containers which make up one serving instead of the all you can dish options at most other buffets. This allows you to slow down your nommin' to a manageable pace. Plus, the containers are so cute! I would skip the Chinese food because its just "okay." But my favorite section was the desserts section...it had ice cream, macarons, pastries, fruit, chocolate - you name it, they have it!Overall, if I had to wait in a 3 hour line it would be a 2*...no buffet is worth a 3 hour wait! I had a great experience here and I suggest that you all try it on a weekday if you want to skip the line...I do however, reserve the right to change this rating pending another visit during busier hours. For now, 4*! And if you can, take a picture with the giant heels on the way there!
3	Food was a variety and it was just OKAY! Sucks because the reviews were so mixed about herewhat I didn't like is they don't have a childs price so we paid for an adult for our 6 year old!
4	So me and my friends ate here over the Thanksgiving weekend and the food was just so so in my opinion.  I went for all the protein I could find.  Had some prime rib which was delicious, crab legs, some chicken, deserts were fantastic.  The wait for the buffet was still an hour +, but overall I am giving it 4 stars, no one in my group complained, or where they just so hungry from waiting?  Would I come back here again?  Probably not on my own.  I will most likely go back to the Wynn Buffet, staff is more on top of it and attentive to your needs.
4	This buffet is the best in Vegas. Hands down. There was a bit of a wait but it was totally worth it. The $25 price point, totally worth it. Such a gorgeous display of the most amazing foods. Asian, American, Italian, Fusion, you name it they had it. It's huge inside but there were no windows and that's a big pet peeve of mine- then again, it is Vegas. Short ribs, roasted salmon, eggs served a few different ways, cooking stations, butternut squash ravioli(best ever, not overly sweet like they can be) fresh fruit, granola and yogurt, baked goods bar, pastries, beautiful cheese bar, so much, I could go on and on. Oh but the dessert station?? Are you kidding? A full blown fresh gelato bar? I will have one of every flavor! Mini mousse, cakes and pies! Yes please! What the hell is that? I want it! I'm moving in.
3	Came here on a Sunday night for dinner.  I LOVED walking through the Cosmo hotel, it is so shiny and glittery :)  The restaurant is beautiful and spacious.  Everyone working there was really friendly and our waitress was outstanding- super nice and attentive.The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Don't go here if you want a variety of Asian food- the sushi selection was lacking, there were only 2 types of rolls and they are tiny and not well made. The delicious looking fried chicken tasted off and was inedible.  Most items that should have been hot were lukewarm. The only two stand out items were the mac and cheese station and the pretzel roll (really good!!).People seem to rave about the desserts, and although they are so cute and pretty, there wasn't as much selection as I had hoped and all the little cakes started to taste the same after awhile.  I did make a couple trips to try all the flavors of yummy gelato though!I probably would not come back.
3	This is really a 3.5 spot, but not quite a 4. I came on Friday and the line was ridiculous! So my friends came back on Sunday instead, no line. I feel like because it was a Sunday, they skimped out on the variety of food selections. I was a bit disappointed with the range of what's available. There should've been more food! I was really REALLY surprised to see bone marrow though. I thought it'd be fabulous but it was too fatty for me. I felt my arteries clog up as I was swallowing it.Dessert was good. Not great. Pretty though.All you can drink wine can be added for $7. It's really not the best wine out there, reasonable since it's only $7. HOWEVER, all 3 of my friends that had the red wine ended up with stained lips, teeth and tongue for the rest of the night. VERY NOTICABLE. Gross.
5	One of the best Las Vegas buffets. You won't be disappointed. Skip the Wynn Buffet and get more bang for your buck and better quality food. I thought I was impressed with Wynn, but Cosmo buffet was the best! Presentation, quality, taste, and the dessert bar was a BIG hit. I would travel back to Vegas to eat here again! The interior design was nice and open space. I loved everything about it.
4	We came here for dinner and tried a little of everything. A lot of dishes come in cute little pots which helps keep everything hot and conveniently portions things out for you.I liked the variety of flavors in their selection. All kinds of salads (pasta salad, rice salad, reg salad), savory items (stew, potatoes, shrimp and grits), pastas, crab, prime rib, lamb, pizza, cold cuts and cheese... soups... chocolate covered strawberries, ice cream, cakes....
4	New competitor to the Wynn Buffet???? I think so...I was a bit turned off with the long line as this is the new and trendy buffet at the moment.  The price was a bit on the steep end ($30). However, the long awaited came to an end and definitely enjoyed the various and large range of dish selections.The chicken adobo was surprising close to home cooked Filipino style chicken adobo atop of rice. Chicken was unexpected not oily but moist and flavorful. The chilean sea bass was airy and light. The mac and cheese was absolutely simplistically delicious and cheesy. One unique thing of Wicket Spoon is their mini pots that holds some of their food.To end things on the greatest high note, the chocolate lava cake and top it with coffee gelato. Our waiter who served our drinks seemed a bit slow and was not up to par on following up serving our table. The guy who scooped the gelato was pretty awesome and hilarious when he helps people out. This buffet can definitely get you the run for your money if you choose the right foods. In this case, almost all the foods were served hot and fresh. Definitely would hit this buffet when the trendy hype dies down a bit.
3	Normally during Thanksgiving my mom and I go over to my sister and Tom's place to have dinner.  This year my sister wanted to mix it up a bit.  They really wanted to go to Mexico, but it's peak season there so cost was an issue and the whole beheading tourist thing was not optimal.  Viva Las Vegas!!!Service - 5 StarsCleanliness - ExcellentPrice - $40.00/person for dinner.Seafood - Yes, mussels, shrimp, crab, fishMeats - Yes, chicken, pork, beef, turkeyVegetables - Yes, salads.Dessert - Pastries, gelato, cookies, etc.Fruits - YesOther - (1) Located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, (2) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (3)  Be prepared to wait so I recommend coming early.Buffet Summary:The Meats - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - I tried the lamb, prime rib, turkey, and bone marrow.  The lamb was excellent--very moist, tender, and flavorful.  The prime rib was really good too--perfectly cooked.  I really liked that they liberally let you have as much horseradish as you want since I love to slather my meat with the stuff.  The turkey is pretty standard and is good with cranberry sauce.  The unfortunate thing is that is cranberry sauce was extremely light and did not add much sweet & tangy to the white meat.  The bone marrow was the least to be desired--extremely oily and felt I was eating fat leftovers.The Seafood - A-Okay (3 Stars) - I had cod, shrimp cocktails, Cajun shrimp, crab legs, mussels, and sushi.  My favorite is the shrimp cocktail and mussels.  The shrimp were all a nicely sized even though there was only 2 per cup.  Shrimp tasted perfectly with the cocktail sauce--perfect amount of sauce per shrimp as well.  It is the morning afterwards and I wish I had another plate of mussels.  What is great about this dish?  It's all about bacon bits.  I'm not talking about bacon bits from the bottle.  I'm talking about bits that you could fling and take out somebody's eye.  Every bit of the mussels were tender and the pairing with the fatty and moist bacon got me all shooked up.  FYI - the sushi section is quite embarrassing.The Dessert - A-Okay (3 Stars) - My soon to be brother in law said "The dessert section looks dangerous."  If most of you know me, I do not have a sweet tooth--sweets ARE dangerous to me.  However, maybe it was the desert (or dessert) air that made me want some sweets.  Amongst the cheesecakes, cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, and pastries ... I chose the gelato.  I chose mango, biscotti, tiramisu gelato.  The server gave me three medium jawbreaker sized scoops per flavor.  The biscotti and tiramisu were good.  The mango had the taste and consistency of mango.  The sweet fix was over.I'm a season veteran to the buffet league and after a while everything seems homogenous.  Wicked Spoon does have several appeals though--sexy ambiance, free flowing water, and tapa-style individual portions.  The un-appeal is the wait--it took us +1 hour to get in.  Whichevers, it was Thanksgiving Day so I guess that is expected.  Wicked Spoon is A-Okay.  Happy Thanksgiving Yelpers!!  I've finally made it to 100 reviews.
5	Tried the buffet for both brunch and dinner... This place is def. a lot better for brunch opposed to dinner as the dinner menu is somewhat similar to the brunch menu.The brunch is totally worth it because they serve a lot of meat which my bf loves and still has lots of desserts and breakfast which I love.The service was great, food was prepared well, and for the overall price it was great!
5	gourmet normal food!  Presentation of the dishes are tapas style with mini pots and pans containing their expertly crafted dishes.  They used to have a mushroom cooked in a reduced wine sauce that was my favorite dish but I didn't see it this time.  I hear the mac and cheese is amazing (havent had it because im lactose intolerant) and the slabs of bacon and REALLY long sausage never fail to impress.  I have to say my favorite things about this place are their desserts (gelato and chocolate covered strawberries) and surprisingly...their fruit.  Make sure to pick up a green pear in the salad bar area (across from the breakfast area)...its so amazing!!  just try it.Also, to get a better bang for your buck order a glass of champagne for your 1 free drink and order a glass of OJ (free) instead of a mimosa to get well...more alcohol!
5	The Wicked Spoon is by far the best buffet I've had the pleasure of experiencing.However, I feel there is particular emphasis on desserts, so if you are not a fan of sweets, you will not be getting your money's worth.My favorites include the bone-in prime rib and the truffle potatoes.
4	Very fancy. It was good but the food was very unique.
4	I came back to Wicked Spoon and I had a great meal.  See my initial review for detailed thoughts of my last experience.  What I wanted to update in this review about the Wicked Spoon experience is this:My friend said it best when he said: "Wicked Spoon is great because they try to be different with their entrees.  When they make it hit, then it's really a hit.  When they miss, then, unfortunately they miss big.   But there are enough hits to ensure that you have a great experience here".    Take that advice....you wont love everything here.  As with any buffet...when you come here, sample everything to look for their truly exceptional gems.  There are several gems to be found and you should be able to leave happy.  If you don't leave happy....then maybe you didn't try the right things.
4	$35 dinner buffet with crab legs and bone marrow?  I was sold.I came, I saw, I conquered the buffet.All the items tasted were pretty good.  The crab legs were standard, some pieces were a bit salty but i guess that's how they get you. Salty+water = full. NOT ME!  Power through.The shrimp cocktail are pretty large and fresh.  They put them in little shot cups so that you eat less. NOT ME! The prime rib is pretty tender and juicy.  I asked for the rare cuts in the middle.  Delicious. The burrata salad was a big hit at my table.  The bone marrow was pretty straight forward.  Cut up bone with .... (get ready for it)......marrow inside.  Good if you like buttery stuff, you can also slab it all over bread, if you plan on wasting space in your stomach.  The hot items are all prepared pretty well.  Good potato gratin, risotto, sushi (spicy tuna), tender mussells and clam dishes.  The desserts are pretty good and the gelato bar is always appreciated at the end.  Wish they had a bit more seafood, but I'm not complainin!
4	A SOLID 4 stars. Why? 1. Food is bomb. Talk about upscale variety? Wicked Spoon is the place to go.2. Plating is onnnnn point. They've definitely conquered the whole "presentation is key" thing. It's impressive and makes this place seem fancy shmancy.3. The desserts are just too cute. BUT, I'm not too keen on the pricing for this place. It's SO expensive and there's not a real good selection of seafood (unlike the Wynn Buffet). You're basically paying for the presentation and the "new hot spot." (Everything in the Cosmo is new and exciting! Woo! So the prices are sky high!...).Overall I was impressed with the food here. My top buffet in Vegas? Not quite - I still much prefer The Bellagio :)
1	uh.. this place sucks! everything is so salty. The MISO soup taste like SOY SAUCE. THE END!
5	In quite a few trips to Las Vegas through the years, I've learned a few things about this town.- Vegas is stacked to the brim with weirdos.  People with some serious issues that need dealing with.- Urban sprawl is quite ugly, especially when urban development is ignored for the sake of expanding suburbia.- Buffets would lead me to be one of those poor overweight souls who cruise around casinos and streets of El Eh Es Vegas at high speeds on my very own Rascal scooter.I've had my share of buffets in Sin City.  Some good, many bad, but all with certain expectations.Let's just say that Wicked Spoon destroyed all of them- buffets and expectations.Considering I came here the morning after over-indulging at another buffet (which at that point had already shattered any notion of me having "very good" buffet food in Vegas before that moment) and had the brunch buffet, I'm thoroughly impressed by the quality and variety on offer here.  Especially considering the great price point.I'm not about to go down the list of everything I ate.  I'm limited in the number of characters I can use in a review anyway.What I can tell you is that the food was incredibly fresh and tasty, the place was very busy (ensuring good turnover on food items), the variety on offer was pleasing and drew me in all directions all meal long, and the service was very friendly and attentive (Samira from Morocco is a sweetie!).To top it off, there were items there that were done in a way that was much more like an a la carte service than a normal buffet.  Someone put a ton of planning into building this style and executing it this well.  I'd like to thank that someone by standing in front of them, shaking their hand, and shedding a tear of joy for them to see just how happy they made me.A really impressive dining experience, buffet-labeled or not.
4	Wowzaz! This place had a great selection and the setting is really nice as well. I definitely enjoyed the bone marrow and the fried chicken -- those are definite MUST-HAVES! Their fried rice was also surprisingly good.The dessert assortment was also amazing! I would definitely recommend anything with the dark chocolate ganache -- orgasmically good. I would marry the man/woman responsible for that ganache ANY DAY. The only downside of this is the wait. We ended up waiting over an hour to get dinner.
5	Wow. Just wow. Where do I even start?! We went to Wicked Spoon for the Sunday brunch because we had seen the great reviews on Yelp and because it was so close to where we were staying. The Cosmopolitan is very trendy looking, so I didn't mind walking all through it to get to the buffet. Once we got there, we waited maybe 15 minutes between the line to pay and the line to get seated. Very reasonable. The price was great, coming in at $29 for the brunch or for just $8 more you could get unlimited drinks (mimosa, champagne or bloody mary). I opted for just the brunch as I wanted to save room for food in my stomach. That was the right choice!To start, I love the fact that almost everything is pre-portioned out in individual pots/baskets/plates etc. I started off at the pasta and tried the mac and cheese, butternut squash ravioli, and the asiago stuffed gnocchi. All three were outrageously good. Usually I hesitate with butternut squash ravioli because it ends up being too sweet, but there was a nice balance of cheese, butternut squash, and the brown butter sauce that went with it. The gnocchi were cooked right and not at all gummy, and the asiago center was just enough to add some 'oomph'. It was in a creamy sauce with asparagus, tomatoes, and pesto which were nice compliments. My favorite - the macaroni and cheese - was made with orecchiette pasta and baked with panko bread crumbs on top. It was smoky and perfectly cheesy with a bit of a tart note, likely mustard. It did have linguica in it as well, but I picked a pot that didn't have any as I prefer my macaroni and cheese as pure and simple as possible.The individual fried chicken baskets were cute and delicious, and I felt like it had a bit of a buffalo taste to it which elevated the dish to the next level. Other great picks from the buffet were the biscuit and gravy - which didn't have much sausage in it but that's how I like my gravy to begin with. The pumpkin pancakes tasted great alone, and needed no syrup/butter/whipped cream etc. Really, I didn't get anything from here that I didn't at least moderately like!And of course, there was the dessert island. A case of a million tiny pastries and cakes all ready to go, a gelato station with a bunch of creative and classic flavors, strawberry shortcake, and even luscious chocolate dipped strawberries with crushed toffee on the bottom! I liked the chocolate mousse cups with fresh fruit on top, as well as the PB & J, Strawberry Balsamic, and Biscotti gelato. I absolutely LOVED the little chocolate cones - chocolate sugar cones with mousse inside, plus a mousse filled chocolate ball on top garnished with a silvery flake. So posh!I could rant and rave about this buffet all day. Bottom line - JUST GO HERE!
3	I was expecting alot from this place. Ate here for brunch on a Sunday, it was about $30/pp. We waited in line for about 30 minutes which is average. The place itself is trendy and is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is also very trendy. One of my gripes is they didn't have any fruit. I love having fruit for breakfast but it was absent here. I found the food to be average, nothing to rave about. Yes, some of the food comes in small bowls, but it just didn't wow me on the taste factor. What it does having going for it is the dessert bar, they have gelato which was pretty good. The hotel was located close to Aria which is where I was staying so it was convenient, but I wouldn't visit again.
3	Went for brunch the French toast had good flavor was hard around the edges guess it had been sitting the fontina cheese pizza was good boyfriend said the shrimp cocktail the guy at the omelet station was kinda of rude (no tip his bad) the gelato & chocolate covered strawberries were good too the place is just ok they don't have much a selection the dessert was good though oh and the chicken sausage
5	seriously the best buffet i have ever had. went with a group of friends. delicious choices of food. price is very reasonable. service excellent! can't wait to visit again.
4	Hate to sound like a typical American "fatty" but I have eaten a lot of buffets in my life that run the spectrum from growing up in a small town and frequenting Golden Corral (haha) to all you can eat sushi buffets that populate the West Coast.  The nice part about buffets are the options.Wicked Spoon has a lot of great options.  You will find a sushi option with 3 different rolls and cold salad dishes; a standard salad bar with stuff like fruit; if you are going to the brunch buffet on the weekend they have muffins, toast, cereal staples along with tons of other options like a prime rib counter that serves other meat like lamb; various pasta dishes, casseroles (asiago polenta, roasted mushrooms), and steamed mussels and clams.  The clams were my favorite.  They also have shrimp cocktail though the weekend we went they did not have the snow crab.  We also did not get any complimentary mimosa like another reviewer noted back in the summer.If you make it to the dessert bar you will find an array of pie and cake and gelato, plus chocolate covered strawberries.Note that when you arrive there are 2 lines:  the first line you wait in is where you will pay and get your "ticket".  Then you go get in another line with your ticket and wait to be seated.  Wicked Spoon can get popular and the wait can run more than an hour at times.  We waited about 20 minutes on a weekend in December.My favorite buffet on the strip is still the Wynn's buffet.  It cannot be beaten in my mind but Wicked Spoon is still an excellent option.For those who like to sleep in while in Vegas like I do:  The brunch buffet goes until 3PM.  Yessssssssss!
3	Walked over here from Planet Hollywood to check-off the necessary buffet lunch for our Vegas weekend.  The line was looooong.  You have to first wait in a line to pay, and then in a line to be seated.  We waited about 45 minutes to pay.  And SURPRISE, they could seat our party of 8 right away!  Yay!  Almost $50 for the lunch buffet with bottomless champagne, mimosas, and bloody mary's, including tip.Best selections: Mussels, macaroni and cheese, fresh berries, sweet potato/pork hash, shrimp cocktailNot so great selections: Sushi (but I guess I shouldn't have expected...), seaweed salad (bland and flavorless), my cut of prime rib (mine was tough, but my friends' liked theirs)...and speaking of not-so-great stuff... No creme brulee :-(  I missed my Paris buffed creme brulee selection.The other thing that made this buffet a 3 star, was our freakin waiter.  Oh my goodness.  5 of us had the bottomless drinks, but he was SO slow, would only bring back half of our drink order at a time, favored other tables over us, and was extremely forgetful.  We wanted our tip back.I did enjoy the champagne.  The bloody mary's were just okay.  A little strange tasting.  I think I had 5ish drinks, so I definitely tried to get my money's worth in that way.But the ambiance, space, and cleanliness is good (except for one of the bathrooms - my friend said it was nasty, so I didn't go in it).  Paris buffet is still my favorite.
2	Highly anticipated because of the glowing reviews and left extremely disappointed!  The food was cold. It congealed on my plate. Expensive but the selections were not as good as Bellagio. Some of the food were bland like their macaroni & Cheese; the Korean beef was just too salty. The server took at least 15minutes to approach our table and slow at filling our drinks afterward. I rated it a "two" for trying but will not go there again.
4	I'm not a buffet person but when it's complimentary why not? I ate here twice once for lunch and once for BF.  What a decent spread for brunch during the week! Started off with a Bloody Mary which was included on the brunch. Some of the items in the buffet - Korean short ribs, Dim Sum, Sushi, slab bacon, shrimp cocktails, mac and cheese, Ham, turkey, fried chicken, cooked to order omelets, pizza, salads and yummy Tri Tip just to name a few. My favs in the dessert area the peanut butter cookie and Gelato. I did like the idea of the specialty items are in small portions which is a good thing. The waiter we had was friendly and really accommodating.Only con here I felt was that the brunch buffet should open earlier for the working people like myself. Hours are from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm Monday - Friday.
4	The Wicked Spoon Buffet (pronounced like Warren's last name) is not to be missed. Spend all morning/afternoon munching on individual portions of deliciousness and sipping on mimosas for $39 bucks. Standard price for Vegas with exceptional food. Some items were a tad salty but the beauty is in the small, individual portions that you can set aside half full without guilt. And then go back for something different! There are tons of options!If you don't save room for dessert, I will hurt you. They're amazing and perhaps better than the savories.Be prepped for a line but it moves fast. Enjoy!
4	Beautiful decor, excellent service, almost great food.  There could have been a few more -fresh- selections.  The little shrimp cocktails were delicious.. No funky iodine taste like a few places I've experienced.  The beignets were luscious little balls of happiness.  Not your ordinary buffet for sure.  I had to pass on marrow bone .. Didn't want to have to explain that to my cardiologist.  I'll be back.
2	The best thing about Wicked Spoon Buffet's offerings is their dessert but that doesn't make up for everything else that they lack. Everything else was pretty standard. Their dinner menu may be better but I'm not planning another visit.
3	Before I found out about Studio B buffet...I thought the Wicked Spoon was one of the best buffets offered in Vegas.  Located in the modern chic Comso hotel/casino....the Wicked Spoon is a great buffet.  Its not awesome..but it is great.The one thing that kind of sets this buffet apart from other buffets is that the serving style are mini plates just enough for one person.  This eliminated the urge to pile all the food on the plate (even though there are unlimited trips to the food stations) and also helped the waste of food.Like all buffets there is a huge selection of cuisines.We were given 1 complimentary mimosa....but only 1.    More than one means you have to pay!  Overall it was a nice buffet.
5	My only experience with buffets, pre-Vegas, were of the greasy Chinese sort. Sad looking food glistening under a weak light, not even trying to convince wannabe eaters of its worthiness.Stuff antacids commercials are made of.Wicked Spoon shatters that pathetic image in a million pieces.Think elegant. Mouth-watering. Fresh. Colorful. Refined. Beautiful.Tucked on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel (a little wonder of design), Wicked Spoon buffet gives a new definition to the word. It's a buffet alright since there is indeed a whole array of dishes to be picked up by hungry hippos but you won't find much dry casseroles, pieces of chicken or sticky rice.Not at all.Listen:- curried tofu with crunchy vegetables- seared salmon with creamy faro- mac-n-cheese with home-made longonisa- stuffed agnoletti with pesto- clams in a Thai green curry- fried chicken, served in the cutest little frying basket you have ever seen - lemongrass and ginger red snapper.........And of course, a galore of salads, cold cuts, cheeses, olives, fruits....And a fabulous dessert display. Home-made gelato (a dozen flavors), home-made whipped cream to create fa-bu-lous strawberry shortcakes, macarons, cookies. chocolate covered strawberries, marshmallows lollipops, gourmet cakes....You name it, you have it.And you savor the whole thing in an exquisite and urbane setting softly lit by gorgeous chandeliers and light fixtures.Life doesn't get much better than that.$22.95 for lunch during the week; in the lower $30 for dinner.And really - who wants to miss on a place with such a whimsical name? Gotta love it!
3	I thought it was good.  I'd recommend a visit there to other people.  I loved the amount of selection of food.  So I guess my favorite part was being able to try many different types of ok food.  Nothing was really gross...accept the salmon I tried but I spend alot of time in Alaska so I'm used to not liking the fish at restaurants.  I don't remember anything really standing out to me as "wow that was freakin good".  One thing that needs improvement in my opinion is the chefs running the food need to smile a little more, it seems like everytime I took a piece of food it was like "crap now I gotta make another one of those."  Not everyone was bad but I just didn't feel very welcomed.  The only really bad one was the Gelato guy that night he seemed pretty grumpy.  When I asked for two scoops he looked like he wanted to throw it in my face. Overall I liked it and I'd go there again....it was a good experience and I left with an overfilled belly.
3	When it comes to decor and being a Vegas style eatery, this place does it's job. The plates are served in their own individual platters and cute pots. For the most part everything looks beautiful but tastes pretty average. I did appreciate that it had some international flare - pots of Chicken Adobo and some pretty great Chinese style pork. The fact that they even had a Mac and Cheese bar won a star in my personal book. But overall, some of the comments from myself and those in my party were that the taste of the food was not anything to brag about. Great place to stuff your face with some great meats but there are a couple dishes that did not appeal to the senses as much. For example, a cauliflower bake that I tried was extremely watery on the bottom and almost made me want to gag. Some of the desserts looked simply beautiful and I loved the chocolate covered strawberries - but some of the other dessert shooters just lacked taste. Our waitress was wonderful, except for the fact that our coca-colas were more like ice/water colas, we laughed at how much ice was poured and were forgotten about a bit towards the end as they were closing shop. This place definitely tries to match the wonder of the Cosmo, but falls a bit short with taste!
5	I have had many experiences at Vegas buffets over the years and I can tell you that my experience at Wicked Spoon left me positively giddy and going from station to station to thank the chefs for going the extra mile to make each dish perfect. The buffet was fresh and colorful with such a wide array of foods served in their own serving vessels. We enjoyed breakfast (complimentary due to my husband's platinum status at the hotel) and we were so pleasantly thrilled with the experience. The omelets were made perfectly. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious. The salads were cold and fresh. The fruit was perfectly in season. The individual serving dishes of butternut squash ravioli and mac-and-cheese orechette made it easy to not over-eat. The pizza was crispy with perfectly melty cheese.The service was friendly and prompt with the drinks and quick to bus the tables. There was truly nothing I would change about this place. I just loved it. I wish I could eat breakfast there every day.
3	A better than average buffet. Food is served in small single serving plates that are often visually interesting. The restaurant itself actually looks like a higher end contemporary restaurant. Food was pretty good but still not "order off the menu" quality. I'd recommend it if you're nearby.
2	The bottomless mimosas for lunch was ok like the food.  If my food wasn't comped I would have been even more disappointed. Yes, it's true that all the food is pre-portioned into cute cups, that didn't mean it was all quality. I found the fishes to be dried and overcooked. Salads were over dressed on dressing and lettuces would be soft and gross by the time I took it back to my table to eat. The soups were too salty. The clams and mussels weren't cleaned properly and were gritty, I thought it was best to stay away from any bivalves in fear of ending up with having to yelp an emergency dentist in Sin City. The desserts case looked good until I saw some gnats floating around.  I do have to say that our waiter was quite on top of clearing plates and refilling drinks. I can say that I won't be eating here again even if it's free.
3	Wicked Spoon is indeed Wicked! She pulled us in with her outstanding, beyond delicious, out of the world dinner, only to crush our spirits, abuse us, and kick us out the door with her Brunch. Dinner Saturday night was AMAZING! Our server was so attentive, the food was delicious and we couldn't get enough! The stars of the show were the Prime Rib sandwich, the mac & cheese bar and the gingerbread gelato. 5 STARS! On our way out of the Cosmopolitan I was awarded a free brunch for the next day, which I considered a tremendous blessing. We returned for brunch only to find an hour long line, followed by another hour long line, followed by the WORST service in the world and food that we swear had been sitting in the bins since we had left the night before! The star of that show was the gelato scooper from the night before and his winning smile. Our server was so rude and  he completely ruined our experience. The only advice I can offer is that if you go and there is a long line for brunch, to have half your party wait in the paying line and the other half wait in the "waiting to get a table" line. It will cut your time in half, and you will look incredibly rude. Welcome to Vegas. Enjoy your spaghetti.
4	Just like what everyone else is saying ... the dessert selection is presented in a very BEAUTIFUL AND UNIQUE WAY ... I would def say they score very high on PRESENTATION. I came here for BRUNCH on a Saturday. We waited in a very long line but not as long as the line for lunch and dinner was. I would def come back here because I like the way they plated the food and portion control was just what I need! I remember there were a lot of fish dishes. I hope they expand on their dim sum selection because I was very disappointed. Overall, a pleasing experience! I would come here again to try the lunch buffet.
5	The Wicked Spoon Buffet was THE highlight of our stay.  It was so unexpected to find such a wonderful buffet at our hotel!  The Cosmopolitan should be advertising and bragging about this buffet!  It is completely undersold given how much effort and work goes into this.  The staff working it do a really good job too.  We enjoyed it completely several days in a row.  DEFINITE FIVE STAR RATING!!!
2	With the money spent on the new Cosmopolitan, I expected nothing by unique and greatness from their hip named Wicked Spoon Buffet.To set the mood.......DissapointmentI am a foodie! Trained chef yada yada yada. I love great food and dont mind paying for it.First is the decieving waiting line. Its not the real line, its just the line to pay and then go stand in line, wait time at lunch about 40 minutes, play on your smartphone.Now the food. Their niche apparently is to serve most everthing in cute little one portion varying vesself from porcelain cups, plastic cups, little metal pots, skewers etc. But they give you at best a 8inch square plate to put these 5 inche round cupped servings = you can only get about three of these tapas sized portions on the plate and are forced to put not cupped item around the cups and touching the sides. The whole thing weighs about 4 lbs on your way back to the table and contains about 8 ounces of food. The shrimp items were delicious and actually tasted like shrimp and you did not have to peel the shells. Very few vegetables. I repeat very few. All of the fish was set out in this portion concept and I nearly choked from their dryness and overcooked status. Pizza right out of the wood fired oven is great, but when it sits out one lonlely slice under heat lamps you get it, dried out. The good. Salads were excellent and unusual, great little shrimp cocktails, mashed potatoes, sake turkey roast, hand carved country bacon, sushi very plain but decent, lots of food turnover on popular items, but the not so popular items sit, and sit.Desert area is very unique with some real memorable items like giant white and dark covered strawberries that would go for about $3 each outside of the buffet. Good cookies, but seriously are you going to this buffet for cookies? I did not try the dim sum, or any of the breads. The stinger is the buffet cost about $24 including one alcoholic beverage that you cannot opt out of. While the concept is unique and you will probably not see another display of foods in this format, your appreciation of quality fine food will not permit you to return. In summary, novel concept, expensive for what you get, food choices limited compared to other Vegas fine buffets, and fairly long wait time. Too many trips of heavy plates full of tiny portions for $24 and I didnt want the Bloody Mary. Since a Bloody Mary the same size in one of their bars cost $12 the buffet would be worth $12.Paris, is superior food for about 30% less money.
5	this place is wicked, evil, sinful, iniquitous, and just morally bad because it makes people abandon their dieting principle/ practice in front of the scrumptious foods!! OH MY GOD!! this place is too good to be true!! i love Wicked Spoon! i wish i could give it not only 5 stars, but 10, or maybe 50 stars!!!price is a tad steep (about $40pp) but the super yummy foods make all your monies worth!!  Very very good stuff includes:- Prime rib- meaty & juicy!- Snow crab legs- served warm, with hot melted butter, and already split that allows for very easy access to the crab meat! delicious succulent crab meat it is!- Bone marrow - OMG! OMG! OMG! so tasty and soft and gooey and so so sooooo freaking good!! once you try it, you just fall in love with it!- Prawns in tomato sauce over grits- i love the grits! big prawns, too!- Tomato Basil Soup- gorgeous and done right!- Made-to-Order Mac & Cheese- Mooey gooey mac & cheese with ingredients of your choice! yummy!!- Desserts- CRAAAAAAAZZZZZY!! (please see photos) All desserts look fancy and cute and taste amazingly good!- Gelato- 16 different flavors i counted! First time for me to try the PB&J gelato! interesting!There are of course many other things that i have tried, but i'm just lazy to type 'em all out over here!  No matter you are a buffet lover or not, you need to go eat at Wicked Spoon, or you will be regretting for the rest of your life! hahaa :DThe only one thing i was not very happy with on my previous visit was the server. i'm not saying the service sucked because most of the staff were pretty nice and attentive, but this guy serving our table was really really bad! He never looked at us in the eyes and NEVER SPOKE!!  When we asked for refills of drinks or extra silverware, etc., he would just walk away like he had heard nothing and then come back in a few minutes with the requested items!  what kind of service is that!!! He did not have to be all chatty and friendly, but at least say something as short and simple as "OK" so i wouldnt be wondering he heard me or not!  At first, I was sorta suspecting he had disability in speaking but my boyfriend confirmed that the server could speak because he actually did speak with my boyfriend a little bit as he was taking our drink orders......Anyway, the foods made up for the horrible service, and yes, Wicked Spoon I love you! Yeah!!!
4	I've only tried the brunch at The Wicked Spoon but it was amazing and I wish I got to experience dinner here! Everything here was so delicious and had a overall taste on quality. Usually at buffets you can tell that it was cooked in a large bulk but everything I tried here was made perfectly! And what is smart is that they put it in portions for you already so customers wouldn't take more than they would eat and waste food. Everything was as fresh as it can get! Also, there is a large choice in desserts for all you sweet tooth people! It was definitely worth my $40.00, wish I had more room in my stomach to try everything here! Props to the chefs :) & waiter was also beyond friendly and an overachiever for bringing me a new glass of Orange Juice without me asking!
5	The selection and quality was great!! We had a Sunday brunch 30$ a person. Their was a bit of a wait but it was worth it.
4	$23 for the lunch buffet!I came with my friends and we waited in a lonnngggg line to get in. Actually, the line wasn't all that long but the WAIT was! We were getting a little frustrated because there were obviously empty tables inside but they were just not filling them for some odd reason, AND we were dying of thirst. We were so dehydrated and just wanted some water. So when we got towards the front, we complained to who I'm guessing was the manager because he was wearing a suit and dressed differently from the others, and he actually brought us cups of water to sip on while waiting in line! SO nice of him! I really wasn't expecting that.As for the food, it was GREAT! I actually liked the food better this time around more than my first trip here when I came for dinner. This time, they didn't have the bone marrow or crab legs, and only one kind of mac & cheese though... but everything I tried was delicious! I really liked the shrimp cocktail which comes in shotglasses with the cocktail sauce in them already. The tritip was pretty good too! I even loved the edamame because it had this addictive seasoning on it. This buffet is unique because everything comes in small portions already and you can just grab the little plates to place on your tray. No scooping necessary, which is AWESOME.Their gelato bar is so cute and a must try! The scoops and bowls are super mini so you don't feel so guilty trying all these different flavors. ;)
3	I really want to give this a better review but I can't. The wait was 1h30min. I get it, the food is good and it's a buffet, lines are expected. I am ok with the wait. But we paid extra for the unlimited drinks package. Once we were finally seated, it took another 30 mins, yes 30 minutes, just to meet our server. Then another 20 mins to get drinks. So we are now 2h20min into the afternoon before getting our beverages. Fine, maybe service improves? not really. each time we wanted our table cleaned or a fresh round of drinks, we had to wait 15-20 mins. This seems really extreme. The food was pretty good. They had some very good dishes and some interesting twists that were delicious, mac n cheese with linguica was awesome. The desserts were subpar. They have so much variety but I couldn't find one that was even average. I almost chipped my tooth on a cookie, it was that stale. Kind of hard to believe until you experience it first hand. Either way, for $40 I would have been much better off going to a really nice restaurant. I could have got a great meal, a drink or two, but with top notch service and would have saved 2 hours time.
4	My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas!!The line to get in may be long, but it moves at a decent pace if you go early enough. It's also quite a walk far into the hotel, wayyyy past marquee. Their seating is unique, with tables and then high-legged bar tables. They also organized their buffet in a very smart and easy way. Loved the macaroni & cheese station- I got mine with mushrooms, tomatoes, and bacon, and I couldn't stop eating it. It's made personally for you so it's pipin hot and cheesy.Their mashed potatoes are bomb, they're probably 70% butter, but who cares? I was seriously disappointed in their spaghetti though.. how can you mess that up?? The sauce was flavorless and their lamb meatballs were in dire need of salt. So sad. Their asian food isn't bad, they have a sushi station where you can get hand rolls. I got spicy tuna (of course), and it was delish. Their kalbi wasn't too shabby either! I love that almost everything was served in individual dishes. It seriously helps with portion control, plus it just makes everything seem more sanitary. It kinda sucks that their plates are small though, because those individual dishes take up so much room on it, and you can only get so much food at a time. Also, I love crabby legs at buffets, but the ones here were hit or miss. Some of them were fresh and delicious, and some of them were an off-white, brownish color, flakey, and tasted old. Tsk tsk. However, can we talk about their desserts? Seriously, some of the most GORGEOUS desserts I've ever seen. They're all presented beautifully, in cute, small sizes to maximize the desserts you can try. My faves were the beignets (so light and delicious) and the chocolate cups with berries and chocolate pudding. Yummmmmmmmm!! They have gelato too. Amazing.We used to frequent the Wynn and Mandalay Bay's buffets, but now it's all about Wicked Spoon!
3	I wasn't overly impressed. No crab legs, no fresh sashimi, clams that were shut tight... Their prime rib was delicious... bbq chicken w/ cornbread had a kick to it which was a nice surprise, chinese chicken salad was nothing to brag about, dessert was okay- looked better than it tasted. The dishes are plated nicely on these minature pans with handles for you to grab. The decor was fancy and the place was nicely lit. Wait wasn't too bad for a Saturday. Overall, I would say I like prefer the Wynn much better than this place. The location of this buffet was hard to find to... kind of tucked away from civilization. Wicked name though!
5	I've been wanting and begging my family to eat here with me every time we go to Vegas, but they would rather eat at the Rio World Carnival buffet instead! Luckily, for this Vegas trip, I went with my fellow food-soul-mate friend and we immediately decided to come here for our buffet choice. This buffet was so hyped up by my friends so I was afraid I would be disappointed. But nope, I wasn't! :)My trick for eating at buffets is just to try a little small bite of everything and then go and grab what I really liked. This kinda didn't work out here... why? Because everything I grabbed was SO delicious! I ended up eating everything on my plate, which was bad since I was getting full very quickly. My favorite dishes were: the stuffed gnocci, risotto, mushroom polenta, butternut squash ravioli, this shrimp dish (on the farthest left corner of the buffet) and of course their chocolate cake swimming in a bowl of chocolate caramel syrup. I love how their crabs are sliced in half for you. My only complaint was that by the time we got there for dinner on a Monday at 6pm, they were all out of bone marrow :( I was looking forward to trying that since I've never had bone marrow before. Also the guy serving the crab legs could have been more generous, but that's just the fatty in me talking :) Overall, I definitely will be back and this time, I will try to make room to try everything!Oh and another thing, next time I'm bringing in a cafeteria lunch tray! Those darn square plates don't hold very much! :D
2	I revisited Wicked Spoon.  Sadly, although the service met my expectations, but the food was cold and seafood wasn't fresh.  Perhaps I came at the wrong time?  It costed too much not to be satisfied.
1	This buffet did NOT live up to the hype. I debated on going here to try it versus going to Aria's buffet again, which I thought was a solid 4-5 stars. This experience was a waist of time and money that I regret having to go through.FLIES - Came on a Monday night around 6pm and had to wait 35 minutes, which wasn't too bad. The presentation of the food and dining room looked good, until I spotted a couple of small flies flying around over our food and the area we sat at. That's a good sign that there are more of those flies in other areas, prep stations, etc. 1 Star just for sanitation alone, but wait there's more...LAYOUT - Getting past how everything looked and the couple of flies i had to swat away, I quickly noticed the layout of the tables were horrible. I had to take the long way and walk around tables just to get to my table because chairs were literally back to back in some areas and I didn't want to keep asking individuals to push in their chairs. Another thing I thought was funny, yet disappointing, was that they used a black sharpie on some of the food labels versus just taking the time to reprint the label.FOOD - I personally look for the higher end items when eating at a buffet, i.e. the crab legs. The snow crab legs here were awful and dry, I hate when they slice it in half. Most crab leg fans will agree and rather receive the crab legs as is and do the work to get the meat out. Plus you have someone serving you 2-3 legs at a time, where all other buffets you can serve yourself and get as much as you want. Seriously, these are only snow crab legs, I could only imagine IF they had alaskan king or lobster, they'd be served by an armed guard.The sushi station was a joke, they had more empty platters then they had sushi. When they finally put rolls out, they had 2 roll types spread out in front of 6 labels which didn't match. I even asked the person at that station for a side of vinegar for my very dry crab legs, and they replied, why? Like I said, what a joke.The dessert station was disappointing. The selection was very limited and there were a lot of things missing and not replaced in a timely manner. There was even a few minutes where the dessert station was unmanned. The guy with the glasses giving out gelato was rude and didn't understand English or he was just one of the guys that mumbles and doesn't enunciate when they talk. Zero customer service skills, go figure, scooping gelato isn't that hard.CUSTOMER SERVICE - The waiters taking plates and giving drinks were like ghosts and had to be called for service instead of checking on their tables like most real buffets do. They all lacked customer service skills, and you could hear it in the tone of their voice and literally see the dislike in working there in their faces. SUMMARY - The only thing I liked was the pb&j gelato even though they come in very small scoops and I had to interact with the rude gelato server wearing glasses, I wish he had a name tag so I could put him on blast. The mac and cheese station was good as well, however I don't plan to spend another $35 to eat here again and receive the very poor service/customer service I received.
5	FOOD:Most buffets in Las Vegas are very standard and unoriginal:  you got your same old slab of meats, salad bars, and desserts. At Wicked Spoon, every dish is unique and attentive. I love how all the dishes come in little 5 in skillets or dishes. Makes the experience that much more exciting. My favorite dish was probably the shrimp and grits. I also loved their wild mushroom risotto. My only complaint would be that their dessert bar can be a little better (i wish they had an array of french macarons). But I really do think that this is the most hip and modern buffet in Vegas.AMBIANCE:  I went there on Thanksgiving Day at around 2:30pm. We only waited about an hour. By the time we were done eating, it was around 5:00pm, and the line was out the door, around the corner, and another corner, and another corner, and another corner. It looked like they were in for another 4 hour wait.SERVICE:Our server was extremely fast and accommodating.
4	Honestly, this buffet is really limited but everything is so cute that I'd definitely come back!  Maybe I'm just excited for this buffet because they had bone marrow and a mac and cheese bar =d-prime rib:  If they JUST took it out, do not, I repeat, DO NOT, ask for a center cut.  It will come out almost completely raw.  They also offer the ribs that are connected to the prime rib =d!-leg of lamb:  My friends had this and they said it was really good and soft.  I'm not a lamb fan so I didn't partake.-bone marrow:  Like my friend said, this was bland but honestly, I don't think you should eat this as is.  They should really have some toast on the side to eat with it.  The best I could find were the stale toast pieces next to the pork rilette.  It also kicked the prime rib up a notch when I combined the two =d-mac and cheese station:  Honestly, the mac and cheese was too liquidy but I guess you choose your toppings and I could've chosen less liquidy toppings...?  It tasted good though =d  Or maybe I just like the shrimp, asparagus, and onion combo =d-butternut squash ravioli in lobster bisque:  The lobster bisque was very good, the ravioli was just okay.The desserts really are overwhelming!  Chocolate dipped strawberries studded with chocolate chips, oreo crumbles, and grahm cracker crumbs!  The chocolate is a bit waxy but that's okay because it cracks off easy.  They have gold and silver flakes on their desserts and a gelato bar!Oh!  The plus about this place!  The restrooms are inside the buffet =)  But I guess they probably do that because they make you pay first and then wait in a giant line to get seated.
5	The buffet to end all buffets. and for $23!Dont let the line scare you, even if its out into the lobby it wont be more then an hour. Everything from the pastas, to the pancakes, the fruit, the gelato, the pizza is actual pizza, with crispy crust, not mass produced lets shovel this into the mouths of fatties pizza, the breads, the salads and veggies, heirloom tomatoes and organic asparagus. oh and the apple cobbler in its own mini pot. All top notch. Equal quality as you'd expect to be served at a nice restaurant, and yet its unlimited. The dessert area must be seen to be believed. I would love if they marked dishes as vegetarian though. two of the pastas had listed ingredients that were all good but when I asked the chef they both had beef/chicken stock. a simple v on the cards would clear that up. but not worthy of a star.Oh ya, we went for breakfast because I prefer that in a buffet, but I'll be back for dinner sometime.
2	Wow, I was so utterly blown away about how disappointing this buffet was. I was expecting so much, but I was so let down. Maybe it's cuz we went for brunch... Maybe it was because my palette was all messed up..REGARDLESS, the only thing good was the dessert, and even of the desserts, the gelato was good, the little cups of chocolate layered mousse and stuff was tasty, and ... that's it. The chocolate covered strawberries could have been better but I guess since strawberries aren't in season, they were meh.The service was pretty shitty. We were in a group of 13 or so, and so they tacked on a gratuity fee onto our charges. I guess that's they they didn't clear our plates as quickly we would've liked. We came back with more food to find that we had no places to put our new plates. Ugh.. i'm going to the Wynn buffet next time.
1	Oh you Yelpers have deceived me.  :(  What is the big deal about this buffet?!  I haven't had a chance to yelp lately due to school and work but now that I'm on break from school, this is the first on my list.  Read more to hear why.Been reading reviews and supposedly this place is "good" and I've seen my friends check-in here so I thought it should be good right?  Nope!!  Came to this buffet last Saturday around 1030am.  No line whatsoever, got seated right away.  Happy so far.  We are shown to our table and decided to delve into the food right away.  There's all kinds of food, no need to list because you see this food at pretty much all buffets: prime rib, sausage, pasta, Asian foods, breakfast items, dessert bar, etc etc.  Yes it's kinda cool that they have little mini pans/tin cans to help separate your food, but once you start putting it on your plate, it gets heavy and really just takes up most of your plate space.  I'd rather just lump all my food on my plate, in my opinion.  As soon as we got back to our table, our server Tony, took our drink orders.  So far so good.  The food is good, but I don't see why it stands out to the other buffets.  My bf and I were getting ready to get dessert and we wanted cappuccinos with it.  But we haven't seen our server after two times!!  Some lady that I guess he was training or maybe she was training Tony, I have no idea cause they both sucked at serving us.  Well anyway, we gave the lady our order of two cappuccinos.  We waited, and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited...you get the point.  I've seen Tony and that lady server come out half a dozen times to serve other tables and every single time they came out I was for sure it was our drinks, but nope!!!  My bf knew I was getting annoyed so he distracted me by taking me to the dessert bar.  Sure enough when we came back our cappuccinos were there.  Geez, after almost 30 mins later!!!  We drank it and it was just "okay".  Can't believe we waited that long to drink that "crappuccino."  We decided we were done and I was not happy with our server so I only put a dollar down as tip to make a statement for the suuuuuuper slow service.  We get up from our table and who comes chasing after us so fast??!!  Tony, our server, comes up to us to give us the bill for the "crappuccinos" because they're EXTRA CHARGE and NOT INCLUDED in the buffet meal!!!  I paid $62 for two people, you mean it's not a part of the price I paid?!?!  I've paid LESS at crappier buffets and it included everything, even cappuccino!  At that moment I asked one of the ladies working at the front to get the manager and the manager came quickly.  I explained our situation and told him I wasn't comfortable paying for the drinks after getting crappy service.  All he said was "ok I'll take care of it for you."  He didn't even apologize, didn't even say he'll talk to the server, nothing!  I don't care that he comped us for the drinks, I want to know he will talk to his staff to be professional and proficient.  Maybe we came here on a bad day and got paired up with a bad server, but I don't see myself coming here ever again.  All I have to say is you've been warned.
2	I had such high hopes for Wicked Spoon being that it's located in the newest and most trendy hotel on the Strip!  Then again, a lot of that "bling" factor about the Aria just transcends into Wicked Spoons...all looks, but that's all you've got goin for ya.The cousins and I had dinner on a Thursday night so, it was kind of slow.  It was $35.99 per person, which I thought was decently priced, but slightly lower than the buffets at the Bellagio and Wynn but, my expectations of the food quality were equal.While perusing the various stations of the buffet, the food looked flirtatiously delicious.  Just about all of the food were all portioned as individual servings and presented in their own plates and bowls.  Instead of dinner plates, they seriously should just have trays, so you can put all the items on, because you can barely fit four plates/bowls on one plate.  (On a side note, I'd HATE to be a busser, server or the poor dishwasher!)The food offerings were unique as they offered Chicken Adobo, which had a Latin and Filipino influence, Bone Marrow which I had no clue how to eat, cooked to order Mac and Cheese.  I did like their salads and oh snap, who doesn't like freshly cooked Beignets with dipping sauce?!  But overall, the food was just okay, but a far cry from being considered mind blowing.  Again, the only positive about Wicked Spoon was the presentation, that's it.  I'm glad I got to try WS but, that's where it ends.  If I ever get dragged back, it's BS.The Bellagio Buffet is still the winner, winner...Chilean Sea Bass that'll melt in your mouth...dinner!
2	I seriously dont get why this buffet get all the hype? The food was just okay, it can  get better. They are trying to make this place too high class for a buffet. I checked out the shrimp cocktail, and it was two shrimps in this one little cup, seriously? The others are ok, the only two that I remember that was good was the green beans and the beef ribs. Deserts were just okay too, nothing to compliment on.It wasn't as good as I expected it to be so I was really disappointed when I walked out from there.I still like M Resort buffet way better :)
4	Maybe I don't have a lot of buffets to compare this one too. But If you are new to Vegas and ready to drop some money to eat a buffet. I will definitely recommend coming here. They got a good amount of variety. There wasn't really anything I didn't like. You can only eat so much, but I liked it here. Everything was pretty fancy including the plates . I tried Bone marrow with my Prime Rib and it was awesome. They had a huge selection of desserts yes. A Buffet is a buffet, They make huge quantities therefore not the best ingredients etc. Time is also an issue, because stuff will be sitting out for days. Lots of people are eating the same thing, so people's hands etc were all there too. Make the best of it with some pals, eat like kings and be happy.
3	Im in Vegas, of course im getting it in ... my tummy! ;]I heard from many people that this was the best buffet in vegas now--but i beg to differ. It wasnt bad (hence the three stars), but it wasnt great! We got there when the line first started to form for the dinner buffet. We waited in a line of maybe 20 minutes, which wasnt too bad. The layout for the buffet line was not bad, they had some great entrees that looked rather gourmet in their fancy shmancy little pans. What a nice touch! However, much of the food was not memorable enough for me to say that I NEED to go back. The food was good, but I wouldnt say great.
5	Best buffet I have eaten at. While I have changed my gluttonous ways, I relapsed at the Wicked Spoon. They have a great selection of gourmet food served in single serve plates, bowls and cups. I enjoyed not having to scoop eggs out of a communal trough. It was on the expensive side, but good food is almost always worth it. Pictures of my 4 plates are in my profile.
5	If I could give this 10 stars I would. Everything is amazing! By far, best buffet on the strip! It's gourmet, fresh, and nothing like those other buffets! I think I would like to eat here once a day, everyday please. :-) Yummy!
3	So I've heard a lot of rave about this place...and it's time to find out why....so bf and I decided to try it but we got there pretty late...almost 2pm and we got there at 1:30pm and there was a pretty long line....we thought we would be waiting two hours but it wasn't that bad after all...30 minutes tops. $23 bucks for brunch...and we just made it before they switched to dinner prices at 4pm which is $35....so we got seated around 3pm...and stayed there for like 2 hours..So what's the rave about? Pretty good selection of dishes and I think the most appealing thing about this buffet is that they served almost everything on mini dishes so you could grab and move on instead of having to scoop it onto your plate...which takes up more time and when you have hungry ppl you want them to move quick. I really liked their smoked sausage mac & cheese, their cocktail shrimp, the buttersquash ravioli and one dish called the dirty rice...which was pretty tasty. Stay away from the green curry clams because I scooped up a bunch of empty shells.-_-"They dessert selection was also pretty awesome.... miniature scoops of gelato of your choice...different miniature desserts but I would definitely stay away from the chocolate covered strawberries....they were pretty bad...the strawberries were sour and when you bite into the strawberry the chocolate breaks apart because it's so hard.I would give this buffet a 3stars and half....not quite on my top list yet...hah Kinda over-rated if you ask me but hey for $23 bucks for brunch it's pretty good...and you get a free alcoholic drink for each person in the party....not that that appeals to me since I don't drink but for those that do I would think it's a plus. =) my bf had his mimosa and mine...lolWould come back again...located in the Cosmopolitan hotel...which btw is a pretty blinged-up, glitzy hotel..lol
2	Two words: Don't go.  The food is mediocre and is replenished very slowly. One slice of prime rib, and then they run out by 7:00 pm. They didn't replace it for nearly TWO HOURS before we were ready to leave.   Thought those desserts pictures are cute?  Not that tasty!  Also,  my family of four got only 2 macaroons, and then they ran out. This was at 7:30. It's more like "First Come First Serve" restaurant, not a buffet restaurant!   The small serving pots are okay, and the macaroni is great, but for $40 per person? I think not! I'd rather go to the Rio. It costs $25 per person and the Asian food doesn't suck.
1	i was so excited to try this buffet since i heard such good things and saw delicious looking food. but i didn't even make it inside since the staff were so rude that we've decided not to go in. went there, didn't know that we're supposed to pay first before lining up, waited about fifteen minutes (til we're in-front of the line) until one of the staff asked us for our receipt. told them we didn't know and none of the cashier told us about paying first. talked to the manager and they didn't do anything about it. since the wait was so long, rude inconsiderate manager and staff. its not worth eating there and spending money. end up eating at Holsteins Shakes and Buns and it was delicious, great service and staff!
5	save room for dessert.  that's where this place shines.desserts: 5 starsmacaroons -- 5 starsgelato -- 4.5 starstiramisu cups -- 4 starsfudge cubes -- 4 starsregular food:  4 starsdidn't have as much seafood as I would like.  no crab legs or sushi
4	Went here for Xmas eve dinner. It was great! Waited an hour and a half in line, but it was worth it despite my extreme hunger. (naive for thinking it wasn't going to take long to be seated on a holiday night?)The leg of lamb was amazing--fresh carved, hot and juicy!Bone marrow spread on some of their little toasted breads--delicious!I loved the assortments of pastas and starchy side dishes served in cute little dishes. Huge cheese selection!!The sushi was ok, not that great.  Their shots of gaspacho were tasty and refreshing.Desserts galore!!!! I filled my plate up with all sorts of tasty treats from chocolate covered strawberries, cheesecake and gelato.Bottom line: Long waiting time for dinner, but a nice selection of well-cooked food...as opposed to shorter waiting times, more food and less quality. Can't wait to come again!
4	I was excited to eat here after reading some of the reviews.  Cosmopolitan as a whole has a good vibe, and cool atmosphere, this carries over to Wicked Spoon.  Really a cool place.  The food is great and there are a lot of unique options.  A great place to try new things, because the portions are small and ready to grab.  The cheese selection was great, as was the Macaroni Bar, great idea!  Still prefer the Buffet at Bellagio, however, this is a great option as well.
3	The food is good but not great, took us 3 hours to finally get seated.  The service was good but the food choice was very poor.probably will not consider to go back to this one again.If it is your first time, it is worth to try.
3	I visited Wicked Spoon 2x this year. Once in August for Sunday Brunch and once for the Monday brunch after Christmas. From what I remember, the Sunday brunch in August was SO much better than the Monday Brunch.  I understand that weekend brunches is when they have better food (and thus higher prices) but we were charged for a "holiday" price and it was not to the standards of a normal Sunday brunch but cost like $10 more! HMPH. The good: I think it's really cute that they put some of their entrees in mini pots and pans pre-portioned. And their mini macaroons are super cute! There were lots of gelato flavors and the guy scooping it was funny/quirky. Their smoked salmon was really good too. Things to improve on: they need to expand their salad bar and cut more fruit.Make smaller portions of the pancakes? I felt bad cutting the pancake and taking only a quarter because I knew no one was going to get my sad leftovers. Coffee was horrible.  I couldnt drink more than a few gulps. Waiter services was pretty slow. We were left with empty drinks for quite a while until we saw our waiter again. Line wasn't too bad ~1 hr.
5	Simply the best.  Try the Wynn, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood (my favorite before coming here)... and then come here... that way you can judge for yourself which buffet you enjoy most.  The variety and individual portions and attention to detail and quality makes this buffet stand out from the rest.  After trying all but the M buffet, I must confess of being "buffet'd" out... all start tasting the same... and at $35... costing and tasting about the same.  Read the reviews try out the rest and I am sure you will agree with me... simply the best... Unique, fun, wickedly good.Loved the Kalbi beef short  ribs... tender and so flavorful.Made to order macaroni with mushrooms and bacon... ahhhhhhh!Rasberry sorbet, chocolate covered strawberrys with Heath bar sprinkles.The beignet with raspberry sauceWord of advice... wait early for dinner and get the best selection... otherwise the wait is horrendous... I got there around 10 minutes after 4pm and the hostess suggested I wait and be the first in line so I did... twenty minutes later there were over 40 people waiting behind me and even more when it opened.When I got in I leisurely got my food... thirty minutes later it was a mad house... first come first serve....the food stations were over whelmed with people to the extent that they started running out of food.  I overheard the manager to not let anyone in...because they had enough people for now.  I was glad to have been first to eat.enjoy your meal.
4	The individual portions are cute and untouched by the passersby. I say try it. For me it left something to be desired. I was looking for more of a seafood selection and dim sum variety. Although the gelato made me completely forget about the.... mmmm coffee and white chocolate. nommmmm
5	So Cherish H and I have never been able to see eye to eye on the Wicked Spoon Buffet but I still love her dearly.// LOCATION // Inside the Cosmopolitan on the second floor through a seemingly endless maze of empty casino aside for some awesome modern art. Perhaps this is to prepare your stomach for the food marathon it is about to embark on. // WAIT // Ridiculous. You wait in a massive line to pay and another behemoth of a line to be seated. // FOOD // I've eaten both brunch and dinner at the Wicked Spoon. I love the portion control here. It is a win-win situation for both the diner and the restaurant because food is not wasted and you still have enough room in your stomach to try all the other goodies. Here are my personal fave finds:      + Mushroom polenta: Like crack. The polenta is creamy and delish with a drizzle of truffle oil. The mushrooms are perfectly cooked. I still dream about this dish!      + Salted Caramel pancakes: Fluffy and sweet enough they don't require any syrup     + Cheddar Hash browns with caramelized onions: Great combo.      + Mashed potatoes: Sounds simple, but the mashed potatoes were so creamy and tasty.      Must skip:     + Bone Marrow: If you aren't a marrow fan, be cautious because the gelatinous texture may overwhelm you. I watched my friend nearly gag at the dinner table.      + Grapefruit gelato: True to the fruit, it is extremely bitter. *tip: Send some unsuspecting friends to wait in line and pay for the whole party. Then you can all show up after they are seated. Evil, I know.
1	DO NOT go here! The lines are ridiculous. Platinum members have no wait at all so everyone else waits 2 hrs. The line completely stops moving if a platinum member gets in their special line. Fucking ridiculous. The 2 hr wait does not even cover the long ass walk to the back of the hotel to the buffet.
5	A very delicious buffet, though the secret about it is out and the lines are getting longer! Came on Christmas weekend and was astounded to find the 3+ hour line for dinner on Christmas day and stood in line for almost 2 hours for the day after Christmas brunch.I came here for dinner on a previous trip and loved their flat iron steak, their fried chicken, and DESSERT! Everything here is all in individual sized portions, even down to the miniature pot or frying basket. Even the ginger soy edamame comes in a takeout box! Dessert is so good--including the gelato, Oreo chocolate covered strawberries, macarons, and red velvet cookies. Only thing is they are not known for seafood, so the most you will find is some shrimp cocktails.You can add in a wine flight for $15 - $25 to the delicious meal and don't forget to use the Cosmo membership card for some points!
5	um........yeah this place is that good.  The prime rib was perfect, the lamb was spectacular......and oh the bone marrow......delicious!  great variety and the best part of it all.......we were sitting right next to the dessert area!  had a great selection.....i only wish there was more selection for asian food.
3	I really wanted to go to wicked spoon because of all the hype behind it and it is in the Cosmopolitan!  We got there around 1pm and waited for 30 min...They stop serving at 3pm, and we didn't expect that, so be sure to get there early so you can get your money's worth of buffet food!This buffet was ok... The entrees all looked really good, but the taste didn't match up.  I tried almost everything, they had pretty good variety with the different cuisines.  My favorites were the lamb and the smoked salmon.  The dessert buffet is prety much amazing!  There is so much stuff to choose from!  A full gelato "bar" where you get served scoops of it!  The chocolate strawberries were really good, especially the english toffee ones, be sure to choose the good ones!I think the Bellagio buffet is still the top in my list.
2	After reading over the reviews and seeing that it's rated 4 stars I decided to bring my family here for dinner to give it a try. But definitely made a mistake coming here for dinner. I hate to ruin the excitement for everyone since its the new "it" place to eat.. But I would advise you to go to some other buffet. I mean come on! It's VEGAS! There's a million and one other buffets here! To start off- we were pretty lucky to have only waited in line for about 25 mins. We came at 5:30 and got seated around 6. But dinner prices are $35 so we easily spent over $300 for our party of 8. Walking in and seeing the decor, it looked nice and very promising. But that's where the good compliments end. Walking around and gathering food- I realized there wasn't that much meat offered. Besides prime rib, lamb, short ribs, and crab- there really wasnt that much of a selection. Which is okay by me if the food is good. But it wasn't. The food was either too salty or too bland. There wasn't any inbetween leaving me to throw away half of the stuff I got. Sooner or later I gave up and went to dessert. I was so excited to see a gelato bar and chocolate covered strawberries. But by the time we got in line for dessert the line for it was about 15 mins long. Not only that- but this place doesn't have that great of service either. We were constantly waiting for them to refill plates and even when they saw us wait for things- the serves wouldn't refill! But I do have to admit- their gelato and their chocolate strawberries are bomb. So if you can have a whole meal off of desserts especially gelato and chocolate covered strawberries I would suggest you come during lunch. Otherwise I would definitely pick another buffet. Maybe the wynn or MGM?
2	one of the worst vegas buffets I have ever gone to in this price range.very rarely do vegas buffets charge extra during a sunday brunch for champagne...but the thing that hurts this buffet the most?  the food.  Although the styling is there, and the aesthetic appeal is definitely there, the taste isn't.and for this price? no crab legs? really?
2	One of my really good friends recommended I come here, so I stopped by for dinner. Overall, appearance is really nice, atmosphere is nice and buffet was really well kept. The dinner buffet is about $35 a person, includes a drink and then when you're seated, this big fancy glass bottle of water for the table. Water is water to me. My boyfriend and I immediately hit the buffet. From a glance, everything looked so good, as far as appearance. All their food comes in little pots and cute bowls/plates, I thought it was a nice touch. They have A LOT of seafood! My boyfriend and I are not seafood lovers, we hate seafood, so already we felt like this was a mistake. They had a build your own macaroni and cheese bar which the chef makes right in front of you, it was really good, but thats about it. They had tons of sushi and seafood-esque items. They had a small portion of prime rib in the very corner and just two or three chicken and beef dishes. Their dessert bar on the other hand was to die for! They have a gelato bar and all these adorable delicious desserts. Probably the best part of the night. We left a little unsatisfied and still a little hungry because their wasn't much for us. Maybe it was the night we chose to come on (a Sunday), I don't know. I will probably not return. On the other hand, if your a seafood lover, GO GO GO!
2	Absolutely disappointing! Even without all the hype attached to this buffet, the food was downright bad and mediocre with only a few dishes I would go back for. If this wad a $20 buffet it would be fine, but I shelled out 35 for this and even found a bug in my food.  Okay lets get all the bad over with.After running all over to grab food for my first plate, I look down at it to see a funny looking caper in my fennel salad...that caper was actually a small green beetle. Extra protein I guess...but unwanted. I showed my server...and the manager comes to check. She thanks me for telling them and asks me if I feel okay. That's it. Hmmm I expected a bit more...especially from a place like this. It really didn't help my first impression. I stayed far away from salads the rest of the time.The line was decently long even at 6. It was prolly because the first wave of diners just got seated. We ended up waiting over an hour.The food...only a few dishes that I liked. Everything else is passable. Don't even bother with the asian food. The sushi was worse than what you get at a grocery store and was falling apart. The cha sui was simply pork slathered in sauce. The pad Thai and edamame looked pretty unappetizing. The chat sui buns looked okay, but that's not what I paid 35 to eat. There wasn't a lot of great interesting things to eat, typical stuff, but nothing  I was amazed by. The mac and cheese bar is a good idea, but comes out really watery. Okay so here's the good.The decor is pretty nice inside. Definitely some nice touches in there. This was continued with the way they served the food. Portion sizes in small cute pots and pans and dishes. The dessert section was pretty good. Lots of interesting little scrumptous tarts and a great selection of gelato. Chocolate coffee tart, pecan pie tart, chocolate mousse with berries in a chocolate shell, beignets with jam, etc. Food I did like include lamb, risotto with short rib, gnocci with lamb, and mushroom polenta.Overpriced and overhyped. I wish I had saved my money and gone elsewhere.
2	What's Good:-Atmosphere-Gelato-Customizable Mac n CheeseWhat's Bad:-2.25 hour wait for Dinner (Monday Night)-Crab Legs were very salty-Potatoes augratin we're dry-Sushi rolls didn't taste right-Sub mediocre prime ribHopefully wicked spoon was just having a bad day. I may try the brunch some day, but only if the wait is reasonable.
5	I loved the way everything was served at the buffet.   Most things were portioned off so you could share with a friend or try everything without feeling guilty about leaving it over if you didn't like it.  The crab was wonderful, but the most impressive thing was the dessert bar.   It all actually tasted as good as it looked.   Worth every penny.
2	Very disappointed!After winning a free buffet by signing up for the Cosmopolitan's Identity card, my boyfriend and I decided to splurge and visit the Wicked Spoon for brunch right before our flight back home. The price was pretty steep (about $35 for brunch, but I guess since it was Christmas Eve, they had to increase the prices), but we arrived right when they opened and didn't have to wait for too long. The service is probably the only good thing about this place. It was prompt, with the servers coming to take your plate away once you have finished, and refilling your drinks instantly. I was looking forward to the one free drink I read about from the other reviews, but I guess they don't do that for weekend brunches. The decor and ambiance really elevates the place, but unfortunately, the buffet was not up to our expectations.The food is portioned in little tins, which was a cute idea, but just weighed down the plate and made it heavier to carry back to our table. We went for brunch, and some of the food was good, but there were a few that fell short. My boyfriend particularly disliked the kalbi, which he felt was so chewy and salty that he had to spit it out because of how inedible it was. A few other foods we ate were also quite salty, so we had to return the plate full of food.The desserts were good, especially the gelato. But unfortunately, it isn't enough to make us return.
5	Just tried this buffet for the first time and I left STUFFED! I went for brunch which was $22 a person and it includes a complimentary glass of bloody mary, champagne, or mimosa which I thought was a nice perk. Before sitting down and eating, however, the wait was around almost two hours. There was a line to pay and then you wait again in a different line to be seated. The pecan french toast was absolutely DELICIOUS! I love breakfast food and that definitely made my day. They also have an omelet station where you can choose what to put in your omelet which was GOOD. They don't have that much for you to choose from, but it was still very filling. Their chicken wings are also a must try! They come in little frying baskets and when you bite into it, it's just juicy goodness! The flavor is just right and the meat is not too dry. Though I probably stuffed myself way too fast with all the filling stuff, I was sure to stop by the dessert area. I tried many of their gelatos and they were all delicious!! The tiramisu and cheesecake like dessert things were not that good though. They also have HUGE chocolate covered strawberries. Other than the food, the place is also really nice. The place is pretty big and it was clean. The lights are pretty and though the wait was pretty long, there are so many picture opps that you can easily kill time.
5	I'm Mayor of Cosmo on foursquare and finally, FINALLY, allllll my check-ins got me something here (other than my Mayordom bragging rights, that is!)Got the "Cosmopolitan VIP" badge and it allows me to bypass the Wicked Spoon line. Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, budddyyyyyyy....this will be useful on weekends =)
5	don't understand how people can rate this anything less than 4 stars, anyone doing so simply doesn't enjoy good food and shouldn't be eating at a place with complex dishes and flavors, this is simply the best buffet in vegas and it's not even closeI've eaten here 6-7 times now and never waited more than 5 minutes, then again I go on week days and on usually at 5-6 or 8-9, don't knock the place for being full at 7:30 on a friday night the weekend of a prize fight
1	I'm so overwhelmed by the level of fail I experienced here that I don't even know where to start. I have already eaten at the other highly rated buffet, Studio B at The M Resort, so I'm not exactly a newb to the buffet scene.  I came in expecting decent food and good desserts, especially for the $45 per person that we paid after tax and 18% gratuity for our group of 20.  I left really upset with this place because of both the food and service.  I thought i would like this place better after a good nights sleep, but the more I thought about it, the madder I got. Hence, this bad review...Service: Our waiters were a little slow and inattentive, but I don't really hold it against them as they were all given a huge swath of people to care for. It would have been nice to get a refill for my coke, just once sometime between 5pm and 7pm, but I ended up finishing the water and getting some coffee instead. I really disliked that there was only one person on desserts. The line for gelato was wrapped around almost the entire dessert island, and the other dessert stations had empty trays for a good deal of time. The sushi trays were empty a lot of the time too, because the guy they had making the rolls was poorly trained. (Not that it mattered because their sushi was $6.99 chinese buffet grade sushi)  And the final blow? At one point, there were no plates. Anywhere. In the whole buffet. It got to the point where I was about to grab one of the empty dessert trays. Reeeediculous.Food: Nothing special. Not sure what all the buzz is about, and the selection is way more limited than Studio B. The sushi was epic fail, as mentioned. The other Asian foods were pretty bad too. About 2/3 of the stuff there was starch based. Bourbon style creamed corn, gnocchi, potatoes, overly salty risotto, sandwiches and pizza...is not worth 35 bucks. The hyped bone marrow wasn't that good. I seriously don't understand the hype behind the mac and cheese bar. Five people at our table made their own combos, and none of them were any good because the cheese was so overwhelmingly bitter.  Anybody who likes this stuff should come to my house, I have a box of Kraft you should try for only $9.95!  The prime rib looked like it was perfectly cooked...right before someone accidentally stuck it in a microwave for another 10 minutes. The beignets and shrimp were good though.Desserts: Looks pretty, but mostly not that great. The macarons were good. The gelato lost out to Studio B though.I just can't imagine why anybody would choose to this buffet over anything else on the strip. Go to Studio B instead, it's a long wait but it's cheaper and at least you get better food and service.
4	Actually good quality buffet food and not just producing food like a factory. Their food actually has flavor! The desserts had really nice presentation but the only problem I had with it was that they were a little too sweet for my taste. Overall, very retro and pleasant experience.
1	long wait, one hour to get to the cashier, 20 mins wait to be seat and long line for food. Very bad, not much of choices, crab legs are skinny, sushi only have 3 choices(spicy Tune, veggy, and tempura). always have emty tray, takes lots of time to refill. The only good thing is dessert and nice prime rib.
2	I usually eat buffets for  early lunch and late dinner when I am in Vegas so yes I know and love my Vegas Buffets.  That being said, I rarely eat at any of the Harrah Buffets.  Also you could not pay me to eat at a Luxor or Excalibur buffet.   I usually eat at Wynn for Lunch,  Bellagio for Dinner.  Alternate with M Buffet and Aria Buffet. Wicked Spoon Buffet was a great bang for the buck back in Dec 2010  when the price was very reasonable and competitive to standard strip buffet prices.   I would give them 5 Stars for my visit in Dec 2010. Now, you can no longer come in at 10:45a and pay breakfast prices for lunch like you can at the Wynn or majority of other buffets on the strip.   There is now a $20+ brunch price during the whole week.   I would not want to go here for early breakfast and pay the same price as for lunch. As a returning customer, I ate here again in May 2011 and also in Dec 2011.   Both times, it felt like they were in saving money mode.  I thought the food selection was average and I didn't feel like I got my money worth.  Piece of iceberg lettuce with a dab of french dressing on it in a mini dish plate is not what I would call special.   A piece of fried chicken drumstick on a mini-plate that was quite dry.   Sushi selection was just rolls.  No noodles were offered.   I think people who give this place 5 stars are fooled by the pretentious presentations.  If you are a big meat eater, then go to Bellagio for Dinner or heck go to one of the brazilian steakhouses just outside of the strip. If you like pretentious buffets who live up to their pretentiousness, then go to the Wynn.
4	4.5 stars. I'd much rather go here than Wynn or Bellagio based on the price and unique selection.I can see why this place is frequented, but the casino/hotel is bankrupt. Why would you put the buffet so far away from the casino? How do you expect to get people to gamble?The difference here is they serve everything on individual dishes. It causes you to grab less at a time, but you can eat as much as you want. They also close between lunch and dinner, so you can't pay for a late lunch, then stay around until dinner.From items like tacos to chicken salad sandwiches, they offer smaller portions so you can try a lot of different things. We did the lunch buffet for $22 and I liked it. I'd have to say, like most good buffets, one of the highlights was the desserts. They had this one parfait with peppermint cookies on top and strawberry jam on the bottom. After 5 of these, I declared it my favorite. I thought the meats were good and they had a nice array of international dishes. I'd be curious to see what they serve for dinner. I hope this wasn't our last time here since the hotel is in trouble. Cheers to Wicked Spoon for being different and cost effective!
2	This review is for dinner  - I ate here Dec 2010, June 2011, and Dec 2011.  My family ate here a couple weeks after their grand opening: hands down the best buffet on the Strip.  I was here in June with friends. Not as delicious, but compared to other buffets, still interesting choices and most contemporary as well as classic dishes and small plates.The family was very excited to go back.  On 12/27/11, we waited an hour for the $35 dinner. The salad section is half of what it used to be. The charcuterie section, decimated. Crab legs looked & tasted like leftover scraps from another buffet. The prime rib was fine, but the carver doled out slivers.  The Asian section was embarrassing - the kalbi was tough and the California roll had a thread of imitation crab running through it, and that was the only sushi selection.  The "pad thai" was half stir-fried - half of the noodles were still white.  The shrimp with grits was still good.  My meatball was lukewarm in the center.  Our server was the only bright spot, but we had paid the mandatory gratuity for a big group.The people in the restaurant actually looked glum.  The table behind us complained to management.  One table piled their plates with food and left - we imagine - in protest.  We raved about this place for a year and it was such a let down. Save yourself time, money, and frustration and go somewhere else.
3	I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars but since Yelp doesn't let us give half-stars, I decided to round down to 3 stars. Anywhoo, oh man, is the line for dinner here freakishly long. And I mean 1.5-hr-wait long. Stretch out your gams cause I was in pain after that wait. Thank goodness there was a pot of gold at the end of that wait. Er rather, several tiny pots of gold. My favs:1. Steamed crab legs2. Bone marrow3. Short rib risotto w/ gorgonzola cheese (ohmygosh, so good)4. Truffle roasted red potatoes5. Seared snapper Could've skipped:1. Mac and cheese (it KILLS me to say this but my mac-and-cheese really wasn't THAT great)2. Wild mushroom polenta (wasn't the biggest fan)3. Molten chocolate cake (... that wasn't so molten)4. Prime rib (a bit dry -- the one at the Buffet at the Wynn was much better)Given the wait and the price for dinner here, I'm not sure that I'd come back here on any return trips to Vegas. On the plus side, if you do go, you come out full and with a ton of cute pics of their beautifully presented food (I'm nothing if not a sucker for cute packaging!).
5	I am not  a huge buffet eater, but I came here due to my babe's dieing desire for a buffet......We arrived about 5 and waited 30 minutes to get a table.  The decor is very trendy and cool.I was very surprised to see the quality and the variety of the entree selections.Each entree tasted fresh and  the food presentations were wonderful......very "gourmet"  for a buffet.I cannot believe I am saying this but I was very impressed.  The best buffet on the strip......for the $$$$.  I will be back....
4	If it weren't for the 75 min wait to pay for the buffet and then another 75 minute wait to get seated, I would have fond memories of this buffet. The food itself is quite good. A lot of variety especially for vegetarians. Pizza, Pastas, Soup, Salads, and the desserts. They have a Mac and Cheese bar so you can make your own Mac n Cheese with veggie options. It does get boring very quickly though.The 3 vegetarians in our group out of 5 were satisfied with the spread. ( thank goodness for that).For the regular carnivores the spread is fantastic. Crab, wild boar, lamb and tons of delicious sides.Their serving style is very unique and nice. Most dishes are served in their own single serving utensils which reduces the mess on your plate and at the table.Lunch was about $30 and Dinner was about $40. We arrived at the end of the queue at 2:30.. paid for it at 3:45 and were seated at 4:45.  Dinner starts at 5 PM.Good choice for vegetarians.
3	2stars for the wait, 3stars for food, 4stars for the price. It was like 25$ to go for brunch and the food was ok. Nothing too impressive for for $25 I was happy. I would rather pay double and get food quality that's twice as good so hopefully I'll do that next time somewhere else.
5	The decorations, were beautiful. it is a very nice buffet place. the price is average comparing to wynn buffet. I love the portions of the food. they give you little portion so you get to try everything. the Japanese stations with the sushi was whatever. they didnt have much choice. I enjoyed the pasta. there was a long line. we waited 1 and a half hour to get in. so go early for the line.
4	SUCH a good deal. I paid $22 for a good brunch in Vegas. how crazy is that?!The line was kind of pretty long (I don't remember exactly but probably around 45 minutes) but the food was so good! My main complaint is their dim sum. Their pork buns were soggy and friends I was with said the dumplings were terrible too. But who would expect good dim sum from an american breakfast buffet? LOLI was pretty happy with my brunch there I liked the eggs benedict, korean short ribs, hash browns (they have cheese and other good stuff in there hehe), and by now I have forgotten what else. They had a gelato station which was so awesome and the chocolate gelato was yummy!Besides that the food was pretty good for brunch, minus the chocolate covered strawberries dipped in nuts or oreos which would have been better only with chocolate :(. I think the Wicked Spoon is a good option if you don't want to spend alot of money on a brunch buffet!Last thing--I loved their presentation. The mini pots and griddles are to die for!
3	Hip/modern decor with great people watching. Moderately priced but with moderate food quality. (I was soooo excited about the bone marrow; but it was cold and the fat was congealing....no bueno)Someone definately took a dump in our servers Cheerios; he was in a bad mood and wasn't concerned with letting you know it!Great back ground soundtrack (if you are a product of the 80s like me)!  :)The desserts were top notch though which brought up my overall ranking. Icecream was freshly made and the chocolate covered everything was great!Overall; you can do better for buffetts in Vegas!Cheers!
4	YUM! Good buffet. Lines are super long but if you're hungry, its worth it. The line was probably about an hour, one for the cashier and one for the seating. For $8 more you can have bottomless mimosas, sparkling wine or bloody marys, without that its about $32 for brunch. Lots of individual servings, cute little skillet pans and large carving stations for meats. Tons of fresh fruit, salads, breads, bfast foods, chinese food station and desserts galore. The chocolate covered strawberries had heath bar chunks on them! YUUUM! I liked our server, she was really observant, refilled everything as soon as we got empty and noticed a chair at the other table was missing from a table due to a lazy hostess. mmm... did I mention the gelato selection? I got biscotti flavor right after I ate a fortune cookie with a very Vegas message (something about being the middle spoon rather than the big or little spoon), my gelato tasted like the ice cream version of the fortune cookie I just had! I wish I had the appetite to try a little of everything. The polenta was super rich, creamy, buttery; a little too much for me. The butternut squash ravioli was a little too dry from sitting out. Shrimp cocktail & salmon were tasty as was the prime rib. The salad was yummy too, which is weird because its salad. I'll be back for more!
4	Moderately price buffet, good selection of food, and great service.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas.  Yes, it even beats the M Resort's Studio B or Wynn's Buffet.  Really good was the shrimp cocktail, fried rice, bun mi (roast pork sammies), carrot cake, french macaroons stuffed with fresh fruit, clams in curry coconut sauce, tacos, fried chicken wings.Advice, if more than one person, have one pay and the other one go stand in line to the left.
2	Honestly when you go to Vegas you think of all the good food at the buffets! And for the price you are paying here you can get better. For $35 I feel like I didn't get my money worth plus the wait here is super long, even though I did not have to wait in line.  Wicked Spoon tried to be cute with their small little dishes that they offer but the food here is not tasty at all. The portions are really small so its hard to get full. The Asian section of the buffet was horrible. None of the food had flavor. The only thing that I recommend for this place is the bone marrow and the dessert. I must say their chocolate covered strawberries are SUPER good and the strawberries are huge. I will not come back to this place for their buffet. I would rather go to Wynn, Bellagio or even Planet Hollywood buffet.
4	Not much to say but excellent food and service. The price isn't even that bad for dinner. I like that the portions are small and it helps not crazily overindulging but i still over indulged. The dessert are almost to beautiful to eat but every thing was so good. Not too sweet just perfect. Remember to save some room!You have to stop by a buffet in vegas while you are there. This is a pretty darn good one to go to. Go and eat till your stomach hurts.
3	I say this every time, but now I mean it: "I'm through with buffets."  Why then do I keep coming back?Maybe I just can't shake the lure of quantity, even though I know in my (enlarged) heart, that the old expression, "Jack of all trades, master of none," is basically the rule at these feeding frenzies.Buffets are like the Dixie Chicks...at first, you're overwhelmed by numbers, but upon further examination, nothing really looks good close up.That being said, as far as buffets go, this one is pretty good.  With nice touches from mini Chinese food take-away containers in the Asian food section, to the cute milk servers for your coffee, Wicked Spoon hits the stage.  But, alas, when you're cooking for 1,000 people an hour, 'love' goes out the window.  Things are generically prepared and generally lacking in seasoning, but that's understandable when trying to appeal to so many varied tastes.If you're in your 20's and you and your buddies just threw on your fancy job-interview sweats and sandals to chow down in the waning moments before breakfast turns to lunch, this is the place.  But if you actually enjoy those subtle things like flavor, or of you think a chef preparing your dish the way you like it, is not just a Euro fad, take the advice I gave at the beginning and proudly proclaim, "I'm through with buffets!"
5	As an avowed fatty (I prefer not to acknowledge the existence of the word "foodie"), this place was paradise.  First and foremost, the food tastes good.  There are multiple (!) versions of eggs benedict.  The fried chicken is served in miniature fryer baskets.  The chicken adobo comes in a little stainless steel pot.  For a buffet, that's pretty cool.Anyone with a sweet tooth, this is HANDS DOWN the best buffet in Vegas.  The gelato bar is good, but the pastries are amazing.  They have (good) macarons available, with a passion fruit curd and fresh fruit pressed between the oversized shells.  I was really pleased with my meal here, and it's replaced the buffet at The Wynn as my favorite in Vegas.One note, the dining area itself is somewhat cramped.  For those of us making multiple trips to the buffet line, it quickly becomes annoying to have to squeeze between a bunch of tables and inadvertently bump into another patron every time you get up.
5	I like the variety of food you can eat here. the atmosphere is pretty classy, I like how it's unique from other buffets. Probably the best buffets in Vegas! The Prime rib hits the spot, the Italian food is pretty good they use a lot of lamb, the chinese dim sums are pretty good, the korean kalbi and kimchi wasn't that bad either, crab legs variety of salads and soups. Moving on to Dessert the gelatos are pretty bomb and so are the pastries. Definitely a favorite spot to eat if I come back to Vegas!
1	This place was an absolute disaster on Christmas Day, 2011. Lines were long to get in (about a 2-3 hour wait, which was to be expected). But no, that wasn't the issue here.First of all, I don't think they were expecting the hordes of asian people who would make a beeline for the crab legs and the carving station. No insult intended - I'm asian and I have an understanding of the common asian buffet strategy. The lines for both stations were so long I didn't even try for them. But the bigger issue was that it was difficult to reach any of the food surrounding these stations, thus making about 70% of the food very difficult and unpleasant to reach. I'm not a fan of being stared down every time I try to reach for a serving of pasta. Chill out people, I'm not trying to cut.Furthermore, they seemed to be having a lot of trouble pumping the food out in time to satisfy the needs of the ravenous crowds. The sushi station - I never saw more than 3 pieces of poorly made, tiny little rolls sitting there. The guy making the sushi rolls - poor guy, was trying to pump them out as fast as he could, but it seriously looked like it was his first time ever. The rolls looked awful (misshapen, almost falling apart, tinier than tiny), tasted awful (the seaweed was...soggy?), and seriously, if Hometown Buffet were rolling out a new sushi station, they'd probably have more success than this.The salad station...bless their hearts. Completely ran out of some of the cheeses by the time I got there, and it was near the beginning of dinner service. By mid-dinner, the wedge salads weren't even wedge salads anymore. They were trying to construct them out of odd ends and pieces of iceberg lettuce. I seriously saw one dish and it only had 2 outer pieces of lettuce, that they were trying to cover up with dressing. That's not a wedge, man. At least tear it up into pieces and call it something else.Same story with the dessert station. It was difficult to reach anything on the left side, because the gelato line was so long. Poor gelato guy - he was working as fast as he could, and he was surprisingly courteous despite the fact that his arm was probably killing him and people were ordering like 15 scoops of gelato, all in separate cups, at once.But the final straw was our offensive waiter. We sat down, and I ordered tea for my mom. He acted like he was doing us a big favor, for free when he should charge us. Every time, he would hesitate for a while, act like it was burdensome, act like it wasn't a service we had already paid for. He would say,"For you? .....sure. On me. Just for you" like he was giving us a free beverage on him, at his expense. When I asked him for a refill on my dad's wine, he stopped, winked at my dad, and told me "make sure you tell him it's on me. It's on me." Hello, I clearly paid for "unlimited wine refills." PLUS THIS IS MY THIRD TIME HERE.I saw him doing the same act for the next table. He must take his guests for fools. Nevertheless, I controlled my anger, and we tipped him well because it was Christmas. But I was furious.Not to mention that we ran of water, and it never got refilled. We had to stack our plates off to the side because they didn't really get cleared away.Christmas here ruined the Wicked Spoon for me. They need to reevaluate their holiday strategy. I still have a soft spot for them. I've grown fond of their chocolate covered strawberries. Plus I hate buffet crab legs, but the ones here were surprisingly good, sweet, still warm, and not over-salted. Otherwise, a complete disaster. Avoid during holidays.
2	I was so excited to try this awesome buffet and after seeing 4/5 stars and good reviews on yelp I thought this would be the perfect buffet for me since I have the sweetest sweet tooth.  Wonk wonk. Did not like! I was very disappointed. If you are a dessert lover... beware! If you are food lover...beware! It is just mediocre, you are paying for presentation and pretty decorations on your dessert.It was overhyped and did not live up to its reputation.  I honestly thought it was wickedly bad :[.....The food is just okay. The dessert is just okay. The chocolate covered strawberries were good but not enough to pay $35+ dollars for.  I give them stars for presentation.  But for flavor and quality this place is surely lacking.  I really really wanted to love this place since I was so enamored by the appealing yelp photos but i would highly recommend that you go to the Wynn buffet  or to the Bellagio buffet to get your moneys worth.  Also I just recently went to the M Buffet off of the strip and I think that place is more worth it than Wicked Spoon.
5	You only wish you had 4 stomachs like a cow entering this place. Probably the best buffet I've tasted in my life. Very spacious and lots of different varieties of food available. Pretty much my idea of a gourmet buffet paradise. After doing much research of all the buffets was the best - reviews have told me it was this one. While I have not tried the other ones in Vegas to compare, this did not disappoint in the least bit. If I come here again, I will definitely come visit this place again. I was so bloated here I could not move for 1.5 hours afterwards. At the same time, the food was so good I could not seem to stop eating.Some tips:- more expensive on holiday occassions, so make sure to come on a weekday not falling on their holiday pricing (it's about $10 more than regular on special dates)- go during brunch time (you don't want to be bloated and you can walk off the carbs in the day)- don't go for the asian food (eg. sushi, Chinese food - that's not what its known for here so obviously it can't really compare)- nice portions of everything allowing you to try everything, so remember to diversify what you choose (sharing is a good way to try things without overeating)- order water or juice (pop or alcohol will fill you up faster)- don't go for all the starchy foods! (remember to eat salads and fruit in between to help you eat more)GO FOR: their roasts, they slice it up when you request it and it is DELISH; fruits (very fresh and you'll need it in between everything you eat, they have blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, etc.); add some salads (they come in small portions and are very refreshing after lots of meat and carbs); SAVE ROOM FOR THEIR MASSIVE DESSERT SELECTION (you won't regret it)
4	Just like every restaurant, bar & bathroom housed in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, the Wicked Spoon Buffet is decorated so avant-garde, so posh that you forget your own name just looking at its chandeliers. I LOVE that food is pre-portioned in its own single-serve bowls & dishes. This eliminates my biggest fears about buffets: contamination from multiple hands touching ONE serving spoon & piling on portions I'll either waste (boooo!) or eat with reckless abandon (boooo x2!) Wicked Spoon keeps me in check! My favorite eats were: * crispy chicken with cabbage kim chee * fried chicken * shrimp & grits (I got two portions!)* chocolate-covered strawberries * pulled pork tostada* red wine cheddar cheeseOther grub that I probably wouldn't repeat:* short ribs: too fatty* maple glazed pork loin* macarons: tasted like meringue w/ jam inside. Not chewy enough. * beignets w/ chocolate & raspberry sauces (cute presentation sitting in its own tiny deep fryer!) * mushroom risotto* all their desserts: gorgeous to look at (see pic), but taste was not worth ALL them calories.The guys loved the hot crab legs & carved meats. $35 per person for dinner (no matter what day of the week.) The wait to be seated that Thursday night was no more than 10 minutes. Probably the only buffet I look forward to eating at again!
3	Food was good and selection was different from most other buffetts (duck, lamb, bone marrow, mac and cheese bar), but for some reason they had trouble keeping food on the buffet line.  Went around 530pm and the first trip through the line everything was well stocked.  But each successive trip back had less food available, especially at the carving station.Most items are also served in mini-pots/plates/bowls.  Which is kinda cool at first, but ends up getting in the way since you can't fit as much on a plate and all the little pots/plates/bowls clutter the table.Worth trying but go early so you can try everything.Also if your party is 8 or more, they automatically charge 18% gratuity.
4	I am generally not a buffet person.  The exception is for breakfast.  On top of that, it was free with our room.  That is a great value.  The mimosa brunch was great for us.  They serve it until 2pm.  That is awesome.  We have no desire to wake up early while in Las Vegas.There are endless options.  None of which are generic.  Each has a unique touch.  The caramel pancakes were excellent.  The cheesy hashbrowns were also quite good.  They also freshly sliced thick cut bacon.  The continously filled mimosas were a nice touch as well.There are so many desert options.  It was hard to select just a few.The line can get quite long on weekends.  Plan ahead.
4	Not my favorite.  But it is my wife's favorite buffet in LV.  I prefer the wynn.But their fried chicken and tacos are delicious.  Everything is done pretty good.  The sushi was pretty bad though.  Really dry tasting.We've only had breakfast/lunch here.  Definitely in the class of Bellagio, Wynn, Paris Buffets.  So can't go wrong here.
4	Fast service to get us in. Food well prepared and constantly updated. Wait staff friendly and great. Lots of variety, salads fresh, eggs benedict could be better. They have hush puppies - very hard to find in this town. I would go back again for sure!
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN... after having eaten at almost every buffet on the strip, this buffet is basically HEAVEN for me!  The Wynn buffet and M buffet used to be tied for first, but Wicked Spoon DOMINATES!  They don't have all the typical things that any other buffet on the strip has, but the quality is so much higher, and the dishes they offer are definitely more unique!!!This is quite random, but I have to say the best thing I ate at the entire buffet is their mini pecan pies in the dessert section... it was so good I wanted to go back the next day and ONLY eat that!  (Of course I didn't...)  They also have the most amazing array of chocolate-covered strawberries!  It's divided into 3 sections of ones with peanuts, oreos, and heath bars.  THEY ARE SO AMAZING my bf ate literally 35+ of them... kinda crazy and gross :) There are also chocolate covered pears!!!  Also they give you one complimentary mimosa, champagne, or bloody mary for the brunch meals!There's a personal omelette bar that turns into a pasta bar at night I think... or maybe a salad bar... not sure!I love how everything is divided into tiny portions, so you feel like it's individualized for you.  Also, it's perfect for me because I really just like to sample but not eat anything in particular, so they have a whole section of pastas put into miniture pots for you to try!  There's gnocchi, ravioli, polentas... it really helped my self control because I could share with my boyfriend without grabbing a bunch of food that looked good and just piling it only my plate and feeling to full too eat it in about 20 minutes.  Another thing I loved is the GELATO BAR!!!! it's so cool how there are really unique flavors like pink grapefruit... the PISTACHIO LITERALLY TASTED LIKE GELATO I HAD IN ROME... unbelievable!!!  It also comes in these really tiny scoops, so you are basically just sampling each flavor... PERFECTION.I am definitely ditching all other buffets in vegas and only coming to this one... it's just not worth stuffing yourself unless you are going to do it with wonderful food!!! And the price is extremely reasonable too... $22.99 for the brunch buffet!  If you're in vegas... GO!!!!!
5	It was a great dinning experience hands down. My only question now is if they would live up to my expectations a second time around. I personaly wouldn't bring kids to this Buffet but I did see a few while i was there. Difinately for a more mature taste bud.
4	As far as buffets go, this is the grand-daddy of them all! Great spread and everything was fresh and delicious! I think we paid $25/pp during the week - not sure what it is during the weekend but I'd definitely go back. We ate at a few other buffets while in Vegas and this one was the best.
5	yeah, right. best buffet in las vegas.only thing to say, price is little high. but when we went to there, no wait line. many selection of food. and taste so good.we usually went to buffet on paris hotel, there were always wait for line, have to wait a hour easy.wicked spoon is new, so you don't worry about be wait.we will be back!!
2	Only thing really exciting was the dessert section but I'm not too picky when it comes to my dessert.Food was presented in a cute manner but it wasn't really conducive to stacking/piling thanks to the little pots. Stay away from the ceviche. It tasted TERRIBLE (alcohol-like and pungent) - I expected a lot more from a hotel like the Cosmopolitan.
2	I really wanted to like Wicked Spoon- the decor is amazing, the food presentation is spectacular, and the hotel it self is absolutely stunning. But the food...the food is just like any other Las Vegas buffet, except slightly worse? I was shocked myself, I had read such wonderful reviews, and I really looked forward to adding a new buffet to my Vegas must's. Everything was just okay- nothing stood out, and nothing made me go back for seconds. The smoked salmon had a lovely smoked flavor, and the mac and cheese was creamy without being greasy. Even the desert bar let me down- sure the chocolate covered strawberries were great, and the gelato (almond joy) was lovely, but everything else was not worth a second bite! The free champagne was great, and service seemed good, but I probably would not go back.
3	I was kind of disappointed with this buffet after so many 4 star reviews. I mean it's just a buffet and they really seemed to be all the same in Vegas, mediocre food at not too expensive price. There was really nothing outstanding other than the bone marrow, which was a letdown. Otherwise, king crab legs, prime rib, lamb chop, fish, pasta, salad..........The only redeeming quality was the dessert bar. Really good ice cream and sorbet., tasty pastries and cakes, chocolate cover strawberries ( which alone can cover the price of the buffet) and a variet of fruits. Buffet are all the same in Vegas and this one follows the same recipe. Oh, don't order the "all you can drink wine" option should they offer it, all I could stand was one glass.
4	Love how they have preset portions scooped out in mini pots that you can grab.  It's a perfect size, not too much and just enough to taste, which is what all buffet goers want, a taste of everything without being full from grabbing too much in the beginning.  This buffet is smart, they are saving tons of money from those that grab too much and end up wasting a plateful of food.Came here for lunch on a weekday, no line, $23.I will have to say that some of the Asian dishes were not that great.  This may be biased since I am Asian and know what it should taste like, but I think anyone would agree.  The hai gaw (dim sum shrimp dumpling) was dry and crumbly, like it was not steamed.  The chicken adobe was dry and not edible.  Couldn't try everything, but dishes that stood out were the curries, salads and desserts.  There is a wonderful array of desserts displayed in all colors!  So pretty and tastes just as pretty as it looks!  The desserts saved me from those horrible tasting Asian dishes.Service was good.  Also loved how the water we get is served in this clean, fresh looking bottle-it tasted good too, not like tap water.
4	As soon as I walked into Cosmo, I knew their buffet would be awesome. My friend's boyfriend came up from playing Blackjack and decided to treat me & my boyfriend out to Wicked Spoon. I was so excited! Service was excellent, the food was delicious, & the gelato is so smooth and creamy.I got the prime rib & au jus three times. The green beans stir fried in garlic really complimented the prime rib. I also love their mashed potatoes with beef gravy! To top my experience with something even better, they had a large selection of beautiful little desserts. I love this place, mos def. coming back!
4	Let me start by saying that at $30 for brunch (add $8 more for bottomless mimosas), this place is an absolute steal.  Sure you have to wait in about an hour line to get in, but it is totally worth it.  We were all pleasantly surprised when we got inside the actual buffet and noticed the decor matched the rest of the hotel-clean, modern lines.  Of course, we also noticed the food: trays and containers lined an entire (very long) wall, with a huge dessert station in the middle of the room.  I actually giggled with glee.What sets the Wicked Spoon apart from most other buffets is that rather than having the food piled on heaping trays (which can get kind of gross, I will admit), most items are individually portioned into their own cute serving containers.  Furthermore, this food is really excellent stuff, and not of the lackluster quality you will find at a lot of buffets.  Needless to say, I had a field day.Highlights included the eggs benedict, some of the pasta dishes, clams in saffron curry, sweet and sour pork shoulder, the GLORIOUS MEAT STATION, and the gelato bar (the almond joy gelato especially). I was not a fan of the asiago stuffed gnocchi (too dense and tasteless), and the spoiled brat in me was disappointed at the lack of seafood (specifically, oysters).  There was shrimp cocktail though, as well as some mussels and clams.  Small complaints though for the best buffet I have ever been to, and the best (and most reasonably priced) meal we had in Vegas. I really, really, REALLY cannot recommend this place enough.  Thirty dollars might seem like a lot, but when we compared it to our meal at Margaritaville (the saddest place on earth...a story for another time) the next day where we all paid around the same price, it is definitely a steal.
4	so far, the best buffet i've had in vegas. The wicked spoon was a nice finish to my vegas trip, after a slightly disappointing  'Buffet of Buffets' (pity it doesn't include the wicked spoon).Biggest PROs that won me over: - neat/modern interior- more-than-fulfilling small, individually plated entrees available for you to just grab & go, instead of those big piles of food that everyone shifts through to get their portion.- KOREAN BBQ for brunch. what's more awesome than that- just $8 more for unlimited mimosas (if that's what floats your boat)- friendly waiters- good food. pretty presentation. pretty dessert. awesome array of ice cream flavorsCONS:- the snobby tall,blonde cashier. (She asked me a question and I got confused so I answered but then asked her what she meant, and she looked at me like I was some bizarre, crazy freak show. uhh just repeat your question, and don't look at your customers like they're the craziest thing in vegas.)- hour wait in line. but worth it if you ask me- having to ask the waiter everytime you want your bottomless mimosa. my friend had to ask, then wait nearly 10 minutes every time for the waiter to bring it to her, b/c the place was so busy. they should just give out wristbands or something so that ppl could pick it up themselves. sucks having to wait 10 minutes everytime you want to make the most out of your unlimited mimosas.
3	2nd visit to the Wicked Spoon wasn't spectacular as the 1st visit. The food was lukewarm at best. I give Wicked Spoon the credit for food presentation but the food didn't taste as fresh. Service was consistent as before. Despite falling short of expectation, the buffet still ranks up there with Wynn and Mirage. My hats go off to M buffet overall and Wynn on the strip.
3	In terms of best buffet on the strip, this buffet is up there. It's not amazing food but the display and environment were. For the food, I like the variety. Out of that variety, the salad were pretty good and chocolate covered strawberries were good but a little too sweet. Everything else was ok and about the same standard from most of the other good buffets. The sushi was American and barely even had fish. Dim sum is a don't try. I'm Asian so I had to criticize that but I don't demand it to be good thou. Overall, the price was expensive for a good buffet if we weren't in Vegas but we were so it was a little pricey, about $35 a person.
2	They've said it all. Like previous disappointed yelpers, i was excited to try this buffet, it's the newest, so i thought it may be the greatest. But i was damn wrong. The name is catchy, the decors and presentations of the food is cute but i'm there for the FOOD; and if the food is no good everything else pretty much doesn't matter.  Food is COLD! i get it, i get it that it's probably because they have it in small cutesy containers, but who wants cold ravioli, soup, or seafood. BLAH!  I think if they have thought it through, they probably should of come up with the conclusion that putting in small cute containers will not keep the food nice and warm for their customers, failed on their part. SELECTION of the food offered is VERY LIMITED considering its Vegas buffet. I finished walking the place pretty darn fast and my plate was still empty. I can't even remember what was the best dish i had because everything was so BLAH.  Do stay away from the tofu, vegetable thing, that was god awful. Super soaked in ginger. Nothing was good or memorable at all. I mean granted buffet food aren't suppose to be delicious, but there's always that ONE item you'll remember the most. Wicked Spoon doesn't even have that. Desserts is probably the best part of the buffet. Can't go wrong there. Gelato is good. The cute cakes and cookies are alright, but DO go for chocolate dipped strawberries. Ah, maybe that is their ONE thing their customers will remember.Overall, I would just go eat at the Bellagio or Wynn buffet. True, either of the two buffets have good food, but at least it's warm and they have a wider selection. Bigger selection pretty much is the whole reason why people go eat at buffets right? It's a good thing these buffets do not penalize those who waste food. I would hate to have to shoved all that cold, fishy food down my throat.
3	The thing one should know about buffets in Vegas is that the best, cleanest ones are the ones that most recently opened. Wicked Spoon is the latest grand buffet, opened in The Cosmopolitan, so I would recommend going if you're looking for a buffet to dine in at Vegas.  I've heard people rave about since it opened last year, especially about their dessert selection; so my friends and I decided to give it a go on our last day in Vegas. Overall, I thought the food selection was mediocre; although their dishes were well-portioned, organized and various. I really enjoyed that most of the food were portioned out into mini steel pots and pans, making the presentation quite appealing for a buffet meal. It also prevented your food selection from forming one congruent blob. We visited during a weekday brunch, which is probably why I was a bit disappointed with the food selection (i.e. no king crab legs, lobster). The meat section looked very fulfilling, with the usual roasted lamb, prime rib, pork.  Their roasted personal lamb shanks looked quite juicy and scrumptious. They also had korean barbecue spare ribs, bulgolgi, which were apparently quite good. Personally, as a pescetarian, the highlights for me were the:-Artisan salad bowls (mini bowls to be exact)-their salads were amazing, crafted with various cheeses, fruits, nuts and homemade dressings (including strawberry balsamic!)-Thai green curry clams -Classic french mussels-Baked salmon -Smoked salmon and caper pizza (their pizza are thin crust, strewn with loads of gourmet cheese and interesting combinations of ingredients)-Gnocchi: gnocchi is definitely not "fancy" food but I was impressed by its homemade texture-Taco station: pre-made soft shell tacos with 3 different flavors, and a myriad of condiments -DESSERTS GALORE, which includes huge chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry white chocolate fudge, countless french pastries, red velvet cookies, and most importantly---gelato!It could possible that Wicked Spoon was overhyped, because I do not eat meat or went during a weekday lunch...but overall, I thought this buffet wasn't that impressive. I, however, did like the modern decorum of the buffet; it was much more spacious than the other buffets on the stip, and there were little no lines! Also, for 8 dollars more, you have the option of having bottomless mimosas and other fruit cocktails!
1	I don't know what happened to this place.  Loved it a few months ago.  I visited this week during CES on a Monday and paid $35 to get in.It was not the same experience at all.  All the food was dried up and I just didn't feel satisfied at all.  There were a lot of Japanese businessmen sitting next to me and they were all ranting in Japanese how bad it was throughout my meal too.  They even talked about going to another restaurant afterwards.To top it off, all the dried up crab I was eating gave me food poisoning which gave me a bad stomach ache / diarrhea / vomit for a week now.  It ruined my Las Vegas vacation and the days after.I will never be returning to Wicket Spoon.  It's not worth the chance to ruin my vacation in that way again.---Update : As an added bonus, I emailed their management about this and got no response.
3	Great assortment but the quality of the food was touch and go.  Bacon was terrific for example, as was their homemade Mac and Cheese.  But the korean barbecue was pretty poor.  Ambience is good though and meals include mimosas for brunch.
3	My party of 10 arrived around 8:00pm on a Tuesday night, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and they closed at 9pm and stopped serving food at 9:15pm.  Luckily, because we had a large party we were able to skip the line and were seated immediately.  If I had to wait in line the rating would have probably dropped to 2 stars because the food honestly was not that great.  As other reviews have mentioned, the food is portioned out into individual servings which sounds good in theory but if you're going to give me pots and pans to put on my plate, give me a bigger plate.  The individual servings were too large so I felt like I was wasting a ton of food.  The not so good: The snow crab legs were dried out and way too salty.  Most of the dessert was not so good; the macarons were terrible and the chocolate cake was so dry, how can a cake sitting in a liquid sauce be so dry?  Baffling.    The good:  The chef working the macaroni and cheese bar was super friendly, she really was awesome.  The truffled risotto and the shrimp with grits were the highlights for me.  The chocolate covered strawberries were big, juicy and delicious.  I also liked the PB&J gelato.  I still like the Wynn Buffet better...
2	Jon & Jenny (joint review, due to the large amount of food we tried)-- Pffft. We were so deflated coming here. After 12 hours on the road, we were expecting this place to be worth the hype. When we hopped into the miraculously short line (and randomly ran into my high school friends), we thought we were in for a treat. And it was good. Don't get me wrong. But not excellent. With so many things to try, here is a succinct run-down:Prime rib:' Star of the show. Very juicy and tender.Crab legs: Way too dry. Spent too much time under the heat lamp. Big let-down.Shrimp Cocktail: Small and limp. Too much packaging hiding a mediocre product.Gaspacho and almond cream soup: Call me old fashioned, but this was too far out there for us. Bone marrow: Ho hum. You can't mess up bone marrow.Char siu: We didn't expect it to be good. It wasn't.Mac and cheese bar: great idea, but it just didn't work. The oil from the cheese separated during cooking and just made it a heavy trainwreck for the waitstaff to take away. Fried chicken: blegh. Had better fried chicken at Ralph's supermarket. Truffle au gratin: If you're in the mood for truffle, cool. But it was too heavy for us. Cioppino: way too salty. We didn't finish this plate. Polenta w mushrooms: strange, sour taste. BBQ shrimp grits: Pretty decent. We went back for more.Bread pudding: Again, blegh. Gelato: not flavorful at all. And it tasted like gasoline slightly. Beignets: novel concept, very nicely presented, but they were rather tasteless, like everything else. Other assorted desserts: They looked great, tasted like nothing. Coffee: Tasted like brown water. So in conclusion, kudos on presentation and the cute tapas-style plating. However, most of the food was either too salty, bland, or heavy. Nothing really made us want to get up for more, except the prime rib and the BBQ shrimp grits. So two stars for the hype and price, which did not meet expectations by a long shot.
5	Let's get it out there, I'm a buffet fan.  Phew, I said it.  I've been to every buffet in Las Vegas and some of them dozen's of times.  I've been to the Wicked Spoon 3 times so far.It's the best buffet in Vegas, perhaps anywhere.  I love Wynn and Bellagio but this one is just a tag better.  The reason it's better is simple, portion controlled dishes so that you get the dish exactly the way the chefs want you to.  This makes it more like Tapas and less like a buffet.Like any buffet, some dishes are better than others, some spoil under the heat lamps but dish for dish it's the best in Vegas.  I'm not sure it's the best value, but it is consistently the best food.Try the Sake soaked Turkey (amazing!).  Any of the pasta's but the short beef rib ravioli was excellent.  LOVE the chinese dishes in the containers and the fried chicken in mini fry containers.If you like simplier food this may not be for you.  If you hate buffet's this wont change your mind either.  However for the food adventurer who want to eat the best buffet around and doesn't mind dropping $25 to $40 a meal, this is the best.
4	Came here over the weekend during my Vegas trip and this buffet had to be one of the better buffets of Vegas. First of all, we stayed at the Cosmo so we didn't have to wait in the hour+ line which was a plus for us but it could be minus for those that had to wait. We were quickly seated right away and we went to the buffet lines to see what was stored for us!Firstly, the quality and the aesthetic features of the food looked a lot better than the other buffets that I've been to in Vegas. Although the selection is less than the Rio buffet, I have to say that they put more work into the quality of the food in Wicked Spoon. For my first plate, I tried the Bahn Mi, BBQ pork buns, prime rib and some shrimp cocktails. The shrimp cocktails came in little tiny shot glasses which had the cocktail at the bottom of the cup. It looked pretty but it was not practical. The shrimp at the bottom of the cup was drenched in cocktail sauce while the one on top had none. Regardless, it was good shrimp but for those that come to these buffets for the shrimp (like myself) it looked quite silly stacked 10-12 shot glasses full of shrimp on a square plate. The Bahn Mi was one of my favorite dishes. The orange spicy sauce that accompanied the soft white bread and tender pork was just splendid! The BBQ pork puns were okay. The filling was sweet and savory but the buns were a bit too soggy. The reason could be that these buns are sitting in the steam basket which probably caused the buns to absorb too much water. The prime rib was a bit of a disappointment; it was quite dry and flavorless even with the au just sauce on it. I had to smear horseradish just to put some flavor on the meat. As for my 2nd plate, I tried their fried chicken, Mac & Cheese and some fried rice. A lot of their dishes come in pretty little pots and pans which makes the food seem a lot more pleasing to the eye but makes it hard to clean up when stacking up your dirty plates. The fried chicken was one of the better dishes at the Wicked Spoon. The skin of the chicken had a nice flavor profile of different spices and the meat of the chicken was moist and juicy. The mac & cheese that had some bits of sausages was a bit too heavy for my liking. It had an immense amount of heavy cream and cheese which pretty much left your mouth aching for some liquid to wash down the heaviness. The fried rice didn't have much to showcase; it was basically normal fried rice with bits of bbq pork. For my last plate, I picked out a plethora of desserts. The desserts at the Wicked Spoon outperforms the other buffets of Vegas. From their chocolate covered strawberries with toffee bits to their variety selection of gelato, there's enough sweet treats to fulfill anyone's sweet tooth.Overall, I don't expect stellar, off the wall food from buffets but the Wicked Spoon really blew my expectations of what buffet food should be like!
5	If I had had to wait in the huge line, I would not have been disappointed. This buffet was amazing. Tasty food, lots of things were portioned for you already so no taking tons more than a few bites, amazing salted peanut ice cream. Banh mi was fun and spicy tuna was actually spicy. If you are a platinum member you get right in.
5	This place is so hip hop that you can expect at least an hour long wait for this place if not more. The verdict is very split on this one. Some really love it and some really hate it. If you're looking for a cute gimmick to the traditional buffet, you may enjoy the theme of Wicked Spoon. However, if you're more into quantity and quality, you should head to Bellagio. I really enjoyed the cute little dishes. The food tasted pretty good too. I loved the corn, mac n cheese, and the shrimp cocktail. NOM! Their salad bar was quite impressive too. Who says you can eat healthy at a buffet? The best part of this buffet? The dessert of course! Chocolate covered strawberries and gelato?! Try the pistachio flavor~
5	Best buffet in Vegas, if not the world! Certainly the best vegetarian-friendly buffet I've encountered. Leave room for the uber awesome dessert bar! Cheesecake, gelato and molten chocolate cake FTW!
4	I am not a buffet fan, but this is the buffet you have to try when you are in Las Vegas. No queue for Platinum Marriott member is a big big plus, I don't think I will queue for more than 15 minutes for ANYTHING!
4	Is it the best buffet in Vegas, I don't know because I've only been to another one at the Bellagio. But so far I'm going to give the slight edge to the Wicked Spoon. We came here around 9:30AM and opted for the unlimited bloody mary/mimosa deal ($8 tacked onto $30). I will say that we had one of the most attentive waiters ever at a buffet. Typically it's like trying to catch a cocktail waitress on the casino floor, but this dude was on his p's and q's. Coming from a lifetime of seeing various dirtbags at Atlantic City brunches, it was nice to see everyone wasn't dressed like they were going to Walmart. Some of my favorite items were the yogurt and granola, shrimp cocktail, fried chicken, chilaquiles, pecan french toast and the sweet potatoes and pork hash. I had three servings of the sweet potatoes and pork has and was contemplating sneaking some out for later consumption. Overall the food is a good medium between a cruise buffet and decent catering. I'm not mad at the praise the Wicked Spoon has received and would have no problems eating breakfast here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I really like this buffet. Bottomless drinks for brunch, can't get any better than for me. Many different choices and options so it caters to every thing your craving for.
4	3.5 stars (I'll round up be the decor here is so awesome!) =)Desserts is definitely the the strong point of Wicked Spoon. Who wants unlimited gelato? Me..me...ME! Maybe I would have enjoyed the other food more if they didn't seat us right next to the beautiful desserts! But..aside from the desserts, Wicked Spoon is overall pretty solid. I loved that there wasn't a line at 6:30pm on a Saturday. Yay! It took them about a few minutes or so to set up a table for six. The layout is really nice, with cool eclectic decor. Nice open walkways too. Perfect, if you are a balancing a crap load of food! =PSome standouts I really enjoyed: butternut squash ravioli, the spareribs, the prime rib (sooooo tender!) and the creamed corn. All were delicious. I found the rest of the food to be ok. I avoided the food I knew I could get at restaurants, like fried rice, pad thai and sushi. I tried the fish dishes and it was cooked well. Really flaky. Crab legs were good. Not too salty and they weren't served cold like the ones at the Bellagio. The bone marrow was an interesting surprise. But tasted really oily. I didn't think any of the food was too creative or unique. While some were pretty tasty, I felt like I could have found it at any other buffet on the strip. There weren't too many dishes that were memorable. Oh and of course, everything is served to you in small dishes. Which is great for portion control and presentation. But it can get kind of annoying when trying to balance everything on a bigger plate. I didn't mind it though. It's kind of like a quick grab and go. Be careful that the dish isn't too hot when you touch it though! The desserts were gorgeous. I really wish they would have laid out all the desserts in the little cups. I saw a lot of interesting ones through the glass display I wanted to try. I wouldn't have finish them all though. Lots of chocolates, creams and mousses. They also had these huge chocolate covered strawberries. HUGE. Sooooo sweeet too. Along with that, you could also make your own strawberry shortcake. Everything looked so yummy. Oh and the gelato! Strawberry balsamic was interesting, but I really enjoyed the peanut butter cup flavor. There was a good variety of flavors to choose from too. I think there was at least 12 different types of gelato. Dinner was about $35 per person on a Saturday night, not including tax and tip. Our server was nice, but he wasn't always available when we needed him.Overall, Wicked Spoon buffet is rather "wicked" option on the strip. Give it a try. =)
4	This buffet was SO BOMB. I usually do not eat buffets, but all the boys wanted to go we we all went. For lunch on Saturday, it came out to be $36.95 with tax and tip. There is all sorts of different types of food. There's sushi, meat, mexican food, breakfast food (brunch), and of course BUNCH OF DESSERT OPTIONS.I had the mac and cheese and it was good, but a bit too salty. I also tried the spicy tuna roll, it had too much rice, but it was decent. I had the smoked salmon and it was very good. I also had a carne asada taco and it was good. You can choose to add salsa, guac, and onions. One piece of meat was a bit too rare. I also had the potatoes and those were really good. I also had some salad, but there was too much dressing in it. Could not finish it since it was too much for me. The dessert bar is to die for. You can choose from cookies to brownies to gelato to cheesecakes, to chocolate covered strawberries. Gelato was so good. I really liked the coffee, mint, and salted peanut butter. The line isn't too long, but when I went with my friends, we had to wait about 30-35 minutes.
4	Exhausted after a long day of tradeshow-ing, cab lines and not winning a million bucks. It's 8:30pm and we are in line waiting to get into the Wicked Spoon buffet. Hostess tells us the line shuts down at 9pm, food is taken away at 9:45. Dessert will be the last to go. Now things are getting interesting. Desperation breeds among ourselves but we have a common enemy to contend with: the Others. The other diners in line before us taking away our precious seconds to get in. Do we go or do we stay? Will we be able to get another restaurant that is still open? How long can we sustain ourselves before dropping dead from hunger? Some decisions are not made for man alone. We stayed. And we got in. 9:01PM. Take that, Vegas odds. Naturally we all split up, focused now. Desperate, but intent. I grab two plates. Skip the pasta and carbs, who are we kidding? This guy knows the drill. Crab legs and chunks of sashimi. Pass on the California rolls. Bone marrow? Don't mind if I do. Grab a chunk of fudge from the dessert bar to give me buffeting-energy. Load up on fresh fish, truffle-potatoes win me over. Finally the carving station: Tri-tip, prime rib and lamb leg. Smother in chimicurri/horseradish/onion confit. Load up on whatever else I can grab in both hands whilst balancing two plates. First round is gorged, sighed, devoured. Now it's time to get to the real business. Now it's time for seconds. No games here, tri-tip and prime rib. A bit of hummus because sometimes a man needs hummus. 9:30pm. Friends are caving in to the pressure, start to swarm the dessert station.I get an omelet. 9:40pm, I got this dessert Tom Cruise style. A little crazy, a little close but can't deny the excitement. This isn't my first rodeo, I know how it ends. It ends with coffee and tiramisu gelato, fudge and chocolate mousse, strawberry covered chocolate. Best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
5	Amazing buffet. Went to bellagio the day before for lunch and this was infinitely better.The food is all served in these individual portions that seems to really help with getting each one cooked and seasoned well. Everything I tried was delish and there were a huge number of options, favorites were the pork bin, sweet and sour shrimp, adobo tacos, and the ridiculous number of gelato flavors.
3	3.5 STARS! But I'm rounding down because blehhh it was annoying. We were debating between the buffet at the Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood. Yelp don't make no lies. Cosmopolitan buffet it is. My group of 8 got there around 5:30 with little to no line! Yayyy! However, they charged us 18% gratuity on top of the $35 cost for the buffet. So we paid about $44 for this place. Now if I'm paying that much for the a buffet, I at least expect some decent service. Our hostess took our bill and said they would set up our table. We waited.. and waited.. and waited. No one came back for us for at least 20 minutes. There were obviously open tables everywhere throughout the restaurant, yet we haven't been seated yet. It was ridiculous. We even saw our table set up but no one had come for us. Finally, we had to flag down our hostess and she took us to our table, apologizing that she 'forgot' about us or thought someone had taken care of it. UGHHHHH!Even after we sat down, throughout the night, our waiter was kind of inattentive and MIA. We had to flag him down several times to get our drink orders and didn't look so happy to be here. I mean, yeah, we already paid 18% gratuity, but it was just ridiculous... tsk tsk Wicked Spoon. I don't endorse that message. But besides the service, the food does save my review. The prime rib was bomb and the assortment of hot dishes were great. I enjoyed the Asian section a lot, per usje. Loved that there was a DIY Mac n Cheese station. Love that cheesiness. My favorite part of the buffet was the dessert bar! 16 flavors of gelato/ice cream, cheesecake, bread pudding, chocolate cake, chocolate-dipped strawberries. The list goes on and on. Also, it's quite a walks away from the entrance to the Cosmopolitan on the strip. Just follow the hanging signs and the buffet is located on the second floor of the hotel. There are escalators you take to it. Enjoy the pretty lights and chandeliers as you walk through the hotel!Wicked Spoon has some wickedly good food and desserts, but seriously? The service was appalling for a place of this calibur. Maybe next time!
4	In Vegas, newer is better. Believe it when you are in Vegas.We went for Friday lunch buffet and hooray, it was still weekday price-$22.The best thing was $22 includes all you can drink champagne. That was so awesome. So don't forget to ask for a glass if you are over 21. Hey, if you ask for a glass of orange juice, you can make your own mimosa.Food was choices were great. Meat choices were great. Dessert choices were wonderful. I loved the 15+ gelato choices. Many of the dishes were cooked or plated in individual dishes. So nothing looked like a pile of goo. I was surprisingly satisfied and happy eating at this buffet. However, the wait is kind of long. You pay first and then you start waiting in the line. It feels like you are in-line for an amusement park ride. That's probably the worst drag.Also, Wicked Spoon is located on the opposite side of Las Vegas Blvd. Use the signs to find the place. It is like in the back corner of the hotel.
3	$35 for a weekday dinner. I thought that was a decent deal considering the reviews.... But honestly, its just average here. They have really nice tables, chairs, serving dishes etc... Presentation is great! But the food choices were very small compared to other buffets and the quality of food was just okay.The most delicious items there for me were the Crab Legs, Corned Beef and Bourbon Creamed Corn.Some disappointing items were the Pho, it just tasted like water... the Prime Rib, which was overcooked and dry... The desserts which had no labels and everything was overly sweet... Iono, its not a buffet I would return to. I guess Im still a fan of Rio, M, Bellagio and Wynn over this one...
5	Sleek, hot, sexy, contemporary, dark, fashionable, and...delicious?  These are all characteristics of one of the newest, trendiest, and best buffets on the Las Vegas Strip, the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.This ultra modern buffet emerge guests into a whole new buffet experience; one that strays from the typical buffet organization and set up, by serving food in individual sized portions that is jam packed with personality. You'll find fried chicken in mini fryer baskets, macaroni and cheese in small serving pots, string beans in Chinese takeout boxes, and Asian chicken in mini woks. And this only the tip of the iceberg.The black and dark woods with dark yellow and amber lit glass accents prevalent throughout, complimented with a fanciful and artful sitting area provides guests with a dining experience that is elegant, yet causal and relaxing. There are also multiple tasting stations that allows guest to try some of the unique cuisines with international influences. Stations include: a large dessert area with gelato, cookies, pastries, and chocolate covered strawberries; Asian station with tender Korean story short rib, freshly rolled sushi, and typical Chinese and Asian fare; a fresh fruit, cheeses, salads, and bread station; a live action station that serves custom order mac and cheese for dinner and omelets for brunch; a seafood and fish station; a Latin cuisine influenced section; and  an Italian pizza and pasta station that features delicious gnocchi, smoked ham infused macaroni and cheese, and butternut squash ravioli to die for. There are honestly so many choices that it's impossible to try them all in one sitting.From the very kind and attentive service to the delectable and unique fare, this buffet provides guest with a fantastic dining experience that all foodies and buffet enthusiast like me should try.This is my favorite buffet in all of Las Vegas and I had a wonderful time testing out all the new cuisines that this one of a kind buffet has to offer.
2	How would I describe the taste of food at Wicked Spoon if I was asked? Bland. That's right, the food here tastes bland. Yup, I've made tofu that had more taste than the food here. I am only referring to the main dishes here, dessert on the other hand, is very good. It's pretty pricey for a buffet with food this dull, so stick with Paris or Bellagio buffets, they are much much better.
2	We went for a Sunday lunch buffet and stood in line for close to 2 hours before got a table for 2. We had dinner at Bellagio buffet the day before so the comparison is evident.Positive points1. This is less expensive compared to Bellagio but that was a dinner buffet.2. There were some additional breakfast items like pancakes, and a omelet station.3. There were more chicken dishes.4. Couple of Morroccon dishesNegative pointsThere were many common dishes between the two buffets but each one tasted much better at Bellagio. The sushi station at Wicked hardly had any options. The meat section was not that impressive. The dessert section looked more colorful than flavorful, it was not amazing.. There were different colorful flavors of the same style in shot-type glasses and there was icecream, which had a really long queue in front.. but again the Bellagio buffet was much better. Had we not gone to Bellagio the day before would have given this place a much higher rating. Did not meet our expectation.The serving dishes and bowls, decor, style and presentation is great, worth mentioning, however the food was lacking.
4	We came here for brunch on a Monday.  Pretty tasty food!  Great selection of both brunch food, and regular dinner-type food.  The price was much better than I expected it to be for a Vegas buffet (around $24), and it included a free mimosa/bloody mary/champagne.  The decor is amazing, complete with great hanging glass installations in line with the rest of the Cosmopolitan hotel theme.  Definitely try out the desserts (especially the great selection of gelato, and the chocolate covered strawberries!) as well as the macaroni & cheese.
5	F.Y.I: As any person from Boston would say, "This buffet is wicked awesome!" And if u ain't from boston then one may describe Wicked Spoon as cool, dope, excellent, off the hook, off the chain, scumpdidliumpcious...or as this Cali girl would say HELLAAAAAAAA TIGHT! Wicked Spoon would make any witch go crazy...All the Disney villains would be too busy grubbin at this buffet, they would totally forget about tryin to kill a princess!  Like any person would tell you or any review you read...this line is always long! But regardless if the line snakes around the rails, down the escalator, and posted next to some slot machines...it is worth the wait!! The food is incredible! I love how some of the dishes are served in little skillets and the fried chicken wings in little fryers! This makes it more buffet friendly and you dont have to worry about other people's germs and the number of hands touching the serving spoons! My favorite thing about this place buffet is the dessert area!!! I felt like I was in Willie Wonkee's Bakery (well if he had one)...My eyes lit up and I was definitely in a happy place! I got my money's worth just on dessert alone! Everything I tried was deeeeeeelicious...the service was great...the food stations were very clean...and all the people serving food at each station looked so happy to be there! I mean if a bunch a brides were walkin around in their wedding dress...they definitely weren't afraid to get their white dresses dirty while chowin' down on this amazing food! Soooooo hop on that broomstick or click them heels of yours and wish you were at Wicked Spoon because no witch has to stir up a spell to get you here! Bon Appetite Yelpers!
3	A decent buffet but I dont think it is as good as M buffet.
4	(+)- desserts- mac and cheese(-)- kalbiMy friends and I tried this place out Saturday afternoon. You pay at the register and then wait in line till they can seat you. Cost about 36 dollars for our group although its actually a little cheaper normally cause gratuity was automatically added for us (group of 8).First off, I don't know why but I found the orange juice to be so delicious so def get on that. Standouts for me were the mac and cheese, the little asian bun with some banh mi like ingredients inside, and the desserts. The kalbi was very disappointing, lets hope it usually doesnt suck that bad. I like that they put things out in small portions, prob decreases wasted food. But for the carby things (spaghetti, mac cheese) I wish the portions could be even smaller cause just two servings of that can be really filling already. The desserts deserve their own paragraph. The red (velvet?) cookie is bomb as well as the fruit in a chocolate cup. I frickin love chocolate covered strawberries but they also had ones with oreos sprinkled on it, shit is amazing trust. Oh and the gelato is a must, I tried the mango and the mint and both were fantastic. Comes in a tiny cup, great serving size that will allow you to try multiple flavors without overdosing on it.Food is ok, desserts are the highlight. Would come back next time I'm in vegas.
2	What's the hype about bone marrow? I'm Chinese and eat all sorts of weird things, but Wicked Spoon's version of bone marrow is DISGUSTING. Unless you like eating fat gelatin. In that case, come over to my house and I'll give you the drippings from my cooking. For free. You don't even have to pay me $35, unless you want to.For being so highly rated on Yelp and Top 10 lists and everything, I expected much better. I hope you guys aren't rating on decor alone because frankly, eaters could care much less. With that said, the decor is pretty snazzy.But the food!! This is Vegas! Buffets are supposed to be GOOD! For $35, I expected much more than cheap Asian food like California rolls and char siu baos, which only cost 25 cents anywhere else. And tofu? That's worth like $1. The crab was skinny and dry. The prime rib was unimpressive and dry. The cut fruit was good but come on, it's just cheap fruit...pineapple with lihing powder and some other stuff.The only thing worth any hype at all is the French beignets with chocolate syrup (I must've filled up on like 10 of these, since nothing else was that good) and the desserts and gelato. But no creme brulee?I think I'll stick with the Paris and Rio buffets. To all you people who gave this a good rating, were you drunk? Have you never had other Vegas buffets?
2	Very disappointed with this buffet but I guess I have to blame the economy...The hubby and I decided to come to this buffet because he knows I love being at the Cosmo and it's suppose to be the " best buffet on the LV strip "...  SO WRONG!1. We opted to pay extra for the all you can drink mimosas. When we were seated the waitress asked what we wanted to drink and of course we asked for our mimosas. The waitress didn't even check our receipt and said rudely,"you have to pay extra for that." I was like, NO SHE DiDNT... 2. The food was BLAH... I guess that's what I get for having high expectations. I would probably pay $15 or $20. Not $40 (with the all you can drink mimosas with out its $32-$34, I don't remember exactly)3. The ONLY 2 things I would go back for are the chocolate covered strawberries with toffee and for their version of the banh mi ( a Vietnamese sandwich ) .I really wanted to love this place cuz its in my favorite hotel (for now) and cuz of the other reviews that I have read but I really can't. I don't think my hubby and i will come back...=/
5	To call this a buffet is not fair, the care, taste, attention to detail of this exquisite venue was surprising.  The chef's have figured out a way to make small dishes on a grand scale.  The foods choices are amazing, I would recommend this to anyone, it rivals the Bellagio without the crazy wait times.
3	The way they give out small individual portions was definitely impressive. It probably saves them a lot of food. I got tons of the shrimp+mashed potatoes. That was my favorite hands down..Some disappointments were: dried prime rib. I had three pieces and they were all dry. I also got the chicken, which was also a bit dry. But that's expected from chicken..I guess, but I expected more from this place. Crab legs were very average - it didn't stand out me. They also had a cauliflower, which tasted too salty.They also made personal mac and cheese - which was again, AVERAGE. I shouldn't expect too much from mac and cheese again. But that's a sign of warning: having lower expectations and giving them the benefit of the doubt.I really enjoyed the service though. Our waitress was very attentive and kept refilling our drinks. I was really thirsty so it was great.Someone heavily recommended me the gelatos but I was not that impressed by it. It was just regular. Probably made from there freshly but I've had better.Overall, it was a bit too pricey for their average-quality food. Presentation was stellar but taste was not. A-OK in my books.
4	A friend and I accidentally found this place while in Vegas, the food was delicious I was overwhelmed with the dessert yummy.  The only downfall is we waited 30 minutes just To get seated. (so be prepared to wait next to all the drunken mess)
5	Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I've ever. It's on my top 3 list of buffets to eat at here in Vegas. They have gourmet tapas style food here and everything is made fresh. For the quality of the food at this place, it's totally worth the $35. The Wynn itself is $40 for dinner and it doesn't even top this place. I've tried both their lunch and dinner and to me, I liked the dinner more because I enjoyed the dinner choices more. The dessert area at this place is SO YUM. They even have gelato with different weird flavors! The PB&J gelato was so yummy and tasted like a real PB&J!! Come early or expect to wait around 1-1.5 hrs. But totally worth the wait.
3	Quality over quantity! This is a huge buffet with lots of options and everything looks delicious, but most of the dishes are lacking in flavor and very under seasoned. I came here for brunch and there was a good mixture of light, breakfast food to heartier dishes like lamb and steak. They had a large section of Asian food including sushi, pho, etc. but the only decent thing is the sushi. Don't even bother with the pho no matter how hungover you are. It's just greasy, hot, under seasoned brother. It was also a bit annoying that things weren't better organized. Breakfast food should have been all in one area, but I had to walk back and forth looking for potatoes, bacon, pancakes, etc. because things were mixed in randomly with no cohesiveness.Maybe I came on an off day? I may come back especially since the price is appealing (under $30 for brunch).
5	This is the best buffet the I have ever eaten at.  For instance, the orange chicken comes in it's own little chinese take out box.  It is gormet food buffet style.  It is spendy but for those once in a while fine dining experiences, you will get to taste the whole menu that any gourmet restaurant offers.I highly recommend this buffet.
5	Two words: bottomless mimosas! Go for brunch and grab tasty bites like eggs Benedict in mini skillets and chocolate covered strawberries rolled in Heath bar!
4	I loveee buffets and you can't experience Vegas without eating at one. This place was so good that my party of 11 and I went for brunch AND dinner! What buffet do you know that serves bone marrow?! They offer a very extensive menu that ranges from your basic fried chicken to gourmet such as prime rib, cioppino and so on. Bellagio used to be my go to buffet whenever I was in Vegas but this place has taken it's title. Its more affordable than the other "upscale" buffets. I was sad that they didn't have oysters on the night that we were there. The servers told me that that the menu varies by night so it's best to call at 5PM to check and see if there's going to be anything specific that you crave. Happy eating and make sure you wear your most comfy pants when eating at Wicked Spoon =]. ***My only complaint here is the fact that their crab legs are already split open for you. I find that because of this, the crab meat dries out more. I like to get down and dirty when it comes to seafood haha.
4	Whoever said the portions here are small must eat some serious food! Yes, the portion sizes are small, but c'mon, it's an all-you-can-eat buffet! Have 10 rounds if you're that hungry. I thought the sizes were just perfect. Served in their own cute, little platters, everything they offered was so rich and savory! Here's a sampling of what I tried:-Risotto with mushroom medley-Collared greens and ham hocks-Prime rib (and they can cook it a little more if it's too raw for you-Custom mac and cheese bar. I had crab, mushroom, bacon and sun dried tomatoes on mine.-Bone marrow spread for your bread...heh, not my taste, but worth trying.-Truffle ravioli-Grilled salmon-Grilled shrimp on risotto-An assortment of dessert options (i.e. fried beignet with coffee sauce)Verdict? Wicked Spoon=Wicked Good! One of the best Vegas buffets I've tried, ever. There are lots of buffets worth checking out in Vegas and this one should definitely be one of them! Plus, it's an excuse to come visit one of the newer hotels on the strip, and probably one of the last ones to be built for awhile. So purrty!
3	I'm willing to give Wicked Spoon a second look at dinner or lunch but their brunch was just meh for me. I went for the champagne brunch (unlimited, champagne/mimosas)-the first couple of mimosas we got were made with freshly squeezed orange juice. So good! Once the crowd started to pick up though the fresh OJ stopped which is understandable but kind of a let down.The food was ok, nothing to write home about. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail, mac and cheese with bacon, green bean salad with figs and some kind of Chinese pork. I really like their tapas style serving portions. Yeah, the plates were a little small, but I love a good presentation and I think they do that well here. That's a lot of work for a buffet! They had a pretty limited assortment of cheese and they were sitting under a heat lamp. What? Brie has a really low melting point and I could see it sweating under the glare of the lamp. Kind of unappetizing.Our waitress was great! Really friendly and personable. She was quick to clear plates and bring refills-very on top of it.Like I said, I'd come back again, but as a local, this wasn't a high note in my buffet/champagne brunch experiences.
2	This is my rating for the lunch buffet. As spectacular as everything looked, it was really a hit or miss on all the dishes. The Pho was disgusting. The best was to describe it is oily water with a hint of beef. The egg on the Eggs Benedict was very very undercooked and the english muffin was soggy. I did enjoy their smoked salmon among a few other things. The dessert bar was disappointing only because they had one poor poor girl working by herself. She had to juggle scooping sorbet and ice cream while making sure all the dessert trays were filled. I want to give this place another try, but for dinner.
4	My buffet of choice for my 21st birthday weekend. We came here for Sunday brunch ($29) and opted for endless mimosas, champagne and bloody Mary's for $37.+ All the food here is skillfully prepared and beautifully presented. Nothing less than I would expect from a Las Vegas buffet+ Staff was very attentive. Right after I finished each glass of champagne/mimosa, I received another too quickly to replace it. I ended up going through about 11 total. After indulging in the brunch foods, I was definitely overstuffed (ultimate #firstworldproblem)+ Presentation was really cute! Many dishes are served in teeny tiny pots, or small fry baskets.+ STRAWBERRY BALSAMIC ICE CREAM/GELATO. Not too sweet, not too balsamic-y, not too heavy- this was just the perfect way to end the meal (after having tried 4-5 other more decadent flavours, and at least half of their dozens of desserts)- My only problem was the seafood selection available at brunch. But I was not left unsatisfied, as the other dishes present were more than enough to fill me.
1	I heard people mention this place.  So when my friends and I went to Vegas and the night we arrived they wanted to go eat here I was up for it.  It's not Vegas until you've overeaten at a buffet.  We arrived at 8:30pm and we were one of the last few groups to make it before they shut down the line.  By shut down the line I mean they had a nice lady stand at the back of the line and tell people they are no longer letting people in line.  We were told the wait was 2 hours, so we were in for the long haul.  However, after 2 hours and not having eaten since lunch we started to get delirious.  We could see empty tables not being cleaned.  Then as we approached the entrance at 10:45 people who were on their way out told us that there was no more prime rib.  We discussed with the manager who told us that they would bring out something else in place of the prime rib.  However, now that we were going to be seated we only had 30 minutes before they started taking away the food.  I would have yelled, but the lack of food made me weak.  It was a mad dash for food.  Sad to say most of the food was gone, dry, or unappealing.  The only redeeming parts were the chocolate covered strawberries and their create your own mac and cheese.  Not worth the hype!  If you must go make sure you have enough time before they close.  Tip: they charge 15% gratuity for parties of 8 or more.Dinner cost $40.
5	There's very little to not love here at Wicked Spoon here, so how bout a good long list of what there IS to love:Friendly staff at the frontFresh prepared saladsPre-plated items (no germy pans of slop here!)Macaroni & cheese barJuicy meatsKnowledgeable staff behind the stationsMashed potatoes (you have to trust me on this one)Korean short ribsXO shrimpBEIGNET STATION!!! (nom x 80000000000)Clever twists on comfort foodDelicious dessertsGelato Gelato Gelato!I think that about covers it. I'd write more, but every time I eat here, I slip into food coma...PS: As with all Cosmopolitan locations, I feel compelled to add full disclosure: I work at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, where Wicked Spoon is located. However, as the hotel encourages honesty from its employees, I have been honest in this review. I am also not affiliated with the F&B department.
5	Avoid during holidays seasons!  I came here during Christmas and the line was ridiculous.  We waited in life for 3 and a half hours. I have no idea how I had the patience to pull that off but every other restaurant was just as long and I've been wanting to try this place.  To top it off when we got in line, I had to wait another 15 minutes in line for the meat station and when it got to me, they told me they ran out of the lamb and prime lib and to come back later.  I come back in 10 minutes and I see they have meat again so I wait in line again and once again, they run out again.  I come back for the third time, and this time they've run out of prime rib completely.  I am getting pretty fed up with this place at this point as I waited 4 hours in line total and paid 40 dollars for this and they run out of food.  I don't know if this was their first Christmas because I came to the cosmopolitan last Christmas and didn't notice a buffet but they were soo unprepared.  Now why then would I give this place 5 stars?  Because we complained to the manager about this and  the manager was so nice, he gave us complimentary 80 dollar gift card to use anywhere at the cosmopolitan.  now that's what i call customer service : )  Coming back here again when its not so hectic to give the place another try.
4	Other than the awkward, mysterious, FAR walk to the buffet, it was just awesome.The peking duck's bun was a bit hard and disappointing, but the wicked fried chicken wings and gnocchi were AWESOME!  Loved the selection and hard working staff....Bathrooms are a bit confusing, walked into the men's restroom.  (hello to the guy grunting on the toilet!)
1	Save room for dessert!! Hands down the #1 buffet in Nevada. I don't know if it was because we arrived for the dinner buffet at 5:30pm (open at 5pm)but everything was fresh and extremely flavorful. First off I tried the bone marrow since I've never had it before and that was FANTASTIC. The carving station has peaking duck, beef (forget if it was prime rib or roast beef), and turkey which was all moist and flavorful. The Mac and cheese bar was insanely good and there were about 16 ingredients you can add yourself. The counter all the way to the left had chicken that's similar to what they use in gyros and that was the best tasting meat I've had there. The truffle potatoes Au gratin and regular mashed potatoes were perfectly made. Salads, meatballs in the Italian section and Asian pork buns all the way to the right side was all good. The only thing that didn't appeal to me was the corned beef because that looked dry and I don't think anyone ate that the whole time i was there. For dessert they have gelato, macrons, tiramisu, cheesecake, cake pops, red velvet cookies, brownie lava cakes, beignet station and many many more. I literally tried a bite of everything there and had no room left. We've been to all the buffets on the strip except for the $85 seafood in Balleys and this is by far #1.Edit 5/3/12We recently went and the quality of the food is slowly going downhill. They are changing the menu and some dishes are not hot (temperature wise). We haven't gone as much anymore as we used to after the last 2 visits.Edit 7/4/12This place is garbage now. They changed a lot of the food stations for cheaper unappetizing dishes. This is what I expect from lower end hotels but for a place that used to be one of the best, it's a place I'll never step foot in again.
3	I'm not quite sure why this buffet is as hyped up as it is. Maybe because it's "fairly" new and in the Cosmopolitan? Or maybe we just came on an off day. We went on a Saturday and got there around 1pm and waited for about 30 minutes before got seated. They told us that the buffet closed at 3pm and reopened at 5pm...so it was definitely stuff yourself silly time. I don't know if the food was subpar because we came towards the end of lunch and the food was old or the chefs were just getting lazy. The food presentation was excellent if only the taste matched; mostly just bland or dry. The dessert section was probably the best thing they had due to the gelato selection and chocolate covered strawberries. I especially liked the chocolate mousse with passionfruit syrup (I think it was syrup, but it was definitely passionfruit).To top it off the service was horrible. I know that it's getting close to their breaks probably in between lunch and dinner time. BUT, that's no excuse to not clean our plates off the table. It got to the point where we couldn't stack any more plates on top of each other at our own table. We had to start stacking plates on some empty table next to us because they were just not cleaning it. Seriously? I expected so much more out of it this place since it's a very nice casino/hotel.
3	Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, is definitely hyped up and was a disappointment since it didn't live up to my expectations. It was awesome that we didn't need wait in an hour long line because my friend was an invited guest of the hotel.The theme of the buffet is unique in that each item was already portioned in various "spoons" which were pretty much mini pots rather than in pans.Everything was a hit or miss and there were a lot of misses.Hits:Fried chickensmoked salmon Mac n CheeseChocolate covered strawberriesStrawberry shortcakeMisses:Prime Rib - BlandMoroccan Chicken - dryEggs Benedict - ham was toughBanh Mi - blandBBQ pork buns - dryCod -overly cookedShrimp - impractical. 2 shrimps per mini cup with minimal cocktail sauceThere were more items but I tried too many to recall all of them.
4	Truffle infused Potato Au Gratin, Wild Mushroom Risotto, Roast Duck...there were so many choices, but these were my favorites.  The risotto was a little under done, but delicious none the less. The crab legs were also yummy, and the almond joy gelato was divine!  A visit to the Wicked Spoon requires stretchy pants...seriously!
2	How the hell did this buffet get so many stars?? It sucks. It sucks oh my god it sucks. Where they do get the two stars is one for the crab legs and two for the fact I know their food is fresh and not left over night. We were there late enough to where they started the nightly clean up and we saw trays and trays of food tossed into the trash.
5	O M G !!! So I've heard good things about this buffet. Didn't think I'd get the chance to try it last weekend, but one of the guys in our group wanted to go to a buffet again (we went to the buffet at the Wynn the day before), so we just went with that thought. Sooo glad that he suggested it, haha!It was kind of a walk to the actual buffet. Seemed a little far away from everything else in the hotel, but whatevs. You wait in line to pay...& then wait in another line to actually get seated. For a party of 14, we got seated pretty quickly. & our table was near a wall, so we didn't feel squished or anything. I absolutely LOVED this buffet! They had a lot to choose from. A few thoughts about some of the dishes:+ Korean BBQ short ribs were DELISH! :) I even asked for some steamed rice & the worker happily got me some. Thank you!+ Mac & cheese was on point according to my friend who was craving it.+ Pho..I love me some bean sprouts & broth. Add in the sauces, it would've been perfect, haha!+ Salmon..a little on the dry side. But I squeezed a little lemon on it & it was just fine.+ Gelatooooo! :) Strawberry Balsamic was yumm!+ Chocolate covered strawberries..with some oreo crumbs on it. I think I had like 5 of them, haha!I was totally satisfied when I left the Wicked Spoon Buffet! I'll definitely be back :)
1	This is the worst buffet I had in Vegas. I waited over an hour in line to pay $23 for crappy food. I had the korean bbq short ribs, and it tasted like I was chewing on tires. The best things here were the butter nut squash ravioli in the little tin cups and the gelato ice cream. And those two things were ok not great. Everything was practically unedibble. The biggest waste of money in vegas without a doubt.
5	this is my fave buffet in town!!  great food!!
3	Great ambience and atmosphere, but the selection and taste of food was really just average.  How is the latter posible you ask?  Well, me and my boys stayed here the entire weekend, and we went to this buffet twice, but both times, the food selection was essentially the same.Don't get me wrong - the food is good for buffet food.  However, there is nothing special about it.  The line was also crazy long, and the service a bit less than Vegas-best.If you are looking for a good deal for food in the Cosmo, do do the Wicked Spoon.  Just don't come here with tempered expectations.
5	I heard this buffet wasn't that great, but I had to try it for myself.  All the food was cooked perfectly.  Wide variety of different salads portioned into small bowls.  Deliciously cooked lamb, prime rib, and other wonderful items.  The bone marrow is a little different, but quite tasty.  Deserts are amazing with french macaroons, huge chocolate dipped strawberries, and gelato.
3	My high school friends and I came to Vegas during the holidays just cause. After being in Vegas countless times, I wanted to try a new place. The Wynn, Harrah's, Monte Carlo, and other buffets were tiring, and I wanted to try something new.One of my friends pointed out the buffet at the Cosmopolitan (a new hotel I hadn't gone to before) was said to be really good and I had heard about this buffet. We decided to trek the extra 0.8 miles and check it out.Wicked Spoon ($40) was more expensive than the Wynn Buffet ($38) when we went for the Holiday price, but it certainly isn't the same quality and food selection as the Wynn. It certainly is overhyped and was mostly a disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the food was really great, but there's so many other buffets nearby that deliver at a higher standard with greater value within a half mile radius.The only thing I found fascinating were the plates they were serving the food. It was in these metal plates with handles and it certainly set Wicked Spoon apart from other buffets, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype that was set.
3	I usually do not go to buffet because low quality foods they make.. Wicked Spoon Buffet was just okay.. Buffet is buffet.
3	Went here with a larger group.  It was okay, but it wasn't GREAT or something amazing.  I think I probably wouldn't just CHOOSE to go there again.  It's just not worth it.  Food:  They have a very large selection and have a lot of food to choose from but it wasn't AMAZING.  There was only one thing that REALLY stood out to me: The pork shoulder.  Let's see what I got...Most of it wasn't too memorable, so it was just OKAY. Prime rib: not great, kinda dry, not much flavor.  Pork Shoulder: It was good.  This was probably the only thing that stood out to me.  Gelato: ehhhh it was normalCookies: HARD.  Don't get these... They are very hard.  Service was good.  Our waitress was serving us very kindly and she was very nice.  I remember my drink always being full.  Other than that, nothing really memorable.  Probably wouldn't come here again for the price.  40 bucks and well, nothing really memorable.
4	Great food selection, and worth the price. Try the Truffled potatoes, Korean BBQ (lots of meat), Prime Rib (cooked perfectly), crab legs, fried chicken, and baked salmon.But the highlight would have to be dessert. Everything is good. SAVE SOME ROOM!The only drawback was an annoying one. After we initially saw our waitress, we never saw her agin for almost the entire night. And our dirty plates were piling up high. They only saved themselves when we all got some great coffee and tea at the end of our meal.
5	best brunch buffet ever !!
3	No trip to Vegas would be complete without gluttony, so we settled on this buffet since it was newer and we had heard good things about it. We got  there for brunch on a Sunday and waited 45 minutes; anything longer than that and I would have not been pleased.Restaurant itself was beautiful and presentation was cute with the little pots and things like that. Food was decent, but nothing really stood out to me. I was surprised to see a lot of Asian foods, but their version of banh mi really missed the mark with too much of the pork style bun instead of crusty French bread and the thin, bland meat. The sake pork had nice flavor, but was a bit on the dry side. I loved that they had chimichurri for the NY strip though. Desserts were wonderful though, with their huge mutant chocolate covered strawberries. Basically, anything with chocolate was really good, but the macaron was the worst one I ever had in my life. I didn't get a chance to try the gelato since I over distended my stomach, but my boyfriend didn't think it was anything spectacular.It's kind of hard to compare since I DID go during brunch and most of my other experiences were for dinner, so I know there's less choices. But, even with the heavenly desserts, I don't think this would be a first choice for me.
3	Nothing special with the food and I wasn't really impressed with the selection either. I think it's pretty standard for a buffet this size to have at least a a pasta station, soup, and more fruits please. Overall, food was OK. I was disappointed in the desserts.I don't think I would do buffet in Vegas again.
5	Insanely good. I have grown a little disillusioned with Vegas buffets over the years.  The first time at Bellagio or Wynn buffet is certainly impressive, but after a couple visits its not so much any more.  But this is different and amazing!  They don't simply overwhelm you with beautiful food in large amounts.  The "tapas" style plating was a great touch and makes for a much more pleasant dining experience.  The dishes themselves were thoughtful and inventive.  This is the buffet option for foodies.  Our favorites on this winter night included: Gorgonzola red wine risotto with short rib. Asiago gnocchi w lamb ragu.  Spinach salad w bacon vinaigrette.  Custom mac n cheese.  Bourbon creamed corn.  &  Butternut squash ravioli.   We left with determination to perfect a couple of these dishes for home use!Service was unobtrusive but efficient.  Drinks got refilled when needed and dirty plates cleared frequently.  Ambiance is plush and sophisticated.Like everything else at the Cosmo, this buffet is top notch.  We loved our entire stay at the Cosmo and most definitely will be back here for the Wicked Spoon Buffet.
5	one of the best buffets ever.  may be pricey but VERY worth it.  tons of chocolate dipped strawberries, large gelato selection and other desserts.  neat place.go a little bit early, right before lunch crowd.
5	The first thing I saw at the Wicked Spoon was a fat, happy man rubbing his belly. Nuff said.But in case that's not enough info: This is a great buffet. Something about the environment makes you feel welcome and cozy. You have more than enough options, but the layout keeps you from having a deer in headlights overwhelmed feeling, a feeling I often have when confronted with, well, the whole city of Las Vegas, as well as just about every buffet. I'm sure the main differentiator was the quality of the food. You're a step up when you go from made to order mac & cheese to prime rib, salads, cheeses, and roasted cauliflower and collared greens... But chicken feet and pig's tail take it to a whole new level. Truffle risotto with winter mushrooms was also great. Plus dessert. PB&J gelato ftw.Everything was superb, service was excellent, everything fresh. Decor is lovely.Simply: the Cosmo is a great place to be. Its buffet lives up to the hype.
3	Am I the only one disappointed in this buffet?  The food was good, but definitely NOT worthy of 4/5 stars.   At first, I thought the individual pots were so clever and cute but as I began to eat, I realized all the food was COLD!  It makes me wonder how long they let each dish sit out and how often do they replace them :T  And the king crab legs? utter disapointment! They were extremely dry! The meat would crumble and fall apart before I can remove them from its shell.  They did have a few interesting dishes that I havent seen at most buffets, including BONE MARROW and PHO (but sorry they failed on this as well: they used the wrong noodles and let it sit in a pot of cold soggy water and the broth was tasteless) .  The only thing I would say I loved about this buffet is their dessert bar -- great selection of ice cream, cakes, n cake pops.  This place is only getting 3 stars because of their desesrt bar.
5	If i didn't have a lot to say about this place I would sum it up a little something like this. :: Bring a Wheel Barrel and make sure you have a room in the Cosmo:: This place is AMAZING! A group of friends from out of town and I went here New Years Day. It was 40 bucks..... 40 BUCKS! for all you could eat and bottomless mimosas. Need I say more? Well I Will. lol. We arrived around, oh idk, 3:30pm. Super late. We thought we had missed breakfast. We didn't. It was perfect because after we went around scrounging for all the delicious morsels of; Bacon, Eggs (Home made omelets), Chicken & Waffle minis, Ham, Home fries..... (You get the point). They started changing the menu over . So for our second, third, fourth.... helping we were able to feast upon their decadently exquisite dinner entrees. Consisting of mouth watering deliciousness ranging from Shrimp Cocktail - Sushi made to order, beef/chicken corn tacos - Mac & cheese, Chicken Breast - carved roast beef. Then to top it off they have HUGE chocolate covered strawberries set up with over 20 other desert options including an Ice Cream Bar filled with Gelato Ice Creams and sorbets. Ok I'm done. I'm Really hungry now. Wicked Spoon anyone?! P.S. The Hotel it's in is pretty nice too ;)
4	A solid Vegas buffet. I like that it's not ridiculously overpriced and the wait isn't ridiculously long like a lot of other Vegas buffet, but the quality is just as good. We were there for a holiday weekend, and I believe the holiday brunch special was about $33/person. The quality and assortment is what is to be expected. Lots and lots of choices, so I'd recommend that everyone in your party grab what looks good and share at the table because you'd get full once you finished a couple dishes. I thought the little pans that the dishes were served in were really cute and I really liked the smoke salmon/olive bar. Desert choices are good, but I just have to add -the chocolate dipped strawberries look better than they taste.
5	In my opinion this is the best buffet in Vegas.  Dinner was $35 per person before tax/gratuity which is very good compared to some larger hotel buffets that charge a lot more (ex. Wynn at $50+ per person after gratuity).I've been to this buffet twice and I always suggest it to my friends who go Vegas for a trip.  I love that their food is portioned which is a plus because for one you are in a buffet, no one is going to fight that you must fill your plate with food and don't you hate that your food mixes in the plate?  Well this would help eliminate that problem haha.People go to Wynn because of the alaskan crabs? Well, I prefer to eat cooked crabs and Wicked Spoon has that.  It may not be as large but I prefer hot/warm over cold food if I had the choice because to me it just doesn't seem cooked.  Of course, I'm not talking about sushi and what not.  I would prefer raw fish to be cold and raw lol.Food selection is good and their dessert selections are even better.  I'm pretty sure any girl who goes to a buffet looks at the dessert sections as their way to rate a buffet and this would have a great rating for it haha.Please note that if you arrive in between lunch and dinner, you have to wait until dinner at 5pm lol  we did not know this and had to find other plans as we thought we could do a late lunch.  It was a very depressing first meal of the day as we waited a long time to have food in us.Next time we go Vegas, I think we would stay at the Cosmo.  We grew a liking to Marquee and the hotel itself is amazing.Cannot wait!!
2	The presentation of the food was beautiful, but generally, the tastes left little to be desired....mostly dry & underseasoned.  To me, not worth $35/pp.  Having said that, if you think it's worth $35 for a mac-n-cheese bar and fantastic desserts, you're in for a treat. :)
4	Beautiful, unique, expansive!It is not the BEST buffet in town (my vote goes to Bellagio's dinner buffet), but it is definitely the most beautiful (most items are served in individual servings) and offers the most unique offerings I have seen in my 14 years in Las Vegas.Huge bone marrow servingsWild mushroom risotto with truffle sauce -  (OMG)Beignet donuts - ( I miss NOLA)Roasted pig tails - (tastes like ribs)Mac n Cheese bar - Oh momma!Not thrilled with the loooooong walk to get to it (had to refill my canteen twice), but we wanted to try it, and I am glad we did.
3	We came here for lunch right after we landed from SFO.  It was noon on December 26, 2011.  The line was ridiculously long.  An hour and a half wait to be exact.  Actually, the wait was deceiving because upon observation, the wait time is only half of what it is actually.  It turns out that after the ridiculously long line to pay, there is another line curved around the register you stand in simply to be seated.  That line, which was invisible earlier, is just as long as the first line!My tip is for your party to wait in the second line while one person waits in the cashier line.  This way, by the time you pay, your party is close to the front of the line to be seated:)  BRILLIANT right?The food looks amazing.  Most items are in cute little serving dishes so you don't have to scoop them out yourself.  The variety is impressive too.  There is a good mix of food from all sorts of cuisines.  Sadly, when you sit down and taste the food that you have been waiting what seemed like eternity to try, it is disappointing.  The dim sum is dry and the har kow has thick skin.  The shrimp cocktail didn't taste that fresh.  The cookies from the dessert bar were hard as rock.  The experience was a serious let down:(  I hear the dinner is way better.  Now only if I could convince my boyfriend to give this place another try..... May be tough given so many other choices on the strip.
4	Now, this isn't you're average buffet. It's not your "dump" on the plate kinda buffet. They have dishes that are put in smaller, individual plates. The disadvantage: you can't put too many on your plate. However, I like this because I actually walking back up to get more food . it somehow helps me to eat better, perhaps because I'm burning a LITTLE bit of calories so that I could soon fill up my plate with MORE calories.I love that they have ROASTED BONE MARROW. Sprinkle that sea salt on their and make sure you get that red onion marmalade. Spread that bone marrow on that overized flat crouton (kinda how that toast tasted like) and add a bit of that marmalade. WOW. Sweet fatty crunchy goodness.They even have a MAC N CHEESE bar where you get to choose the fillings. Um, can we say YUM! The deserts were good... not anything I was too thrilled about. They had macarons which I adore but I wish they had more flavors such as PISTACHIO! I think the chocolate covered strawberries were okay, there was a bit too much chocolate and it was too hard for me. The gelato was divine though. I enjoyed the mango and the salted peanut.Wicked Spoon is WICKEDLY AWESOOOOMMMMEEEELLYYYY GOOOOOOD!
4	I feel like this is the buffet meant for foodies. The food and ingredients are more sophisticated than what you would normally find, but the items themselves are what you would expect. We went to the brunch buffet, (no bone marrow here, but the bacon cut right from the slab makes up for that). We got there early (thank you time change) so we didn't have much of a wait and it didn't get too crowded while we were there.I think the individual portions is one of the greatest ideas ever at a buffet (I mean they all do it with desserts, why not chicken and macaroni?)Lets see, I will list the items I remember below because there were so many, but definitely try this place!slab bacon, cut to order - delicious!smoked Gouda macaroni and cheese - looks like more fun than it tastes in its cute little single serving sauce pan (needed salt)cheese stuffed gnocchi - delicious!butternut squash filled ravioli w/ sage butter - delicioussushi in the morning - yes please!salmon/cream cheese/onions/ capers - all day long!fried chicken - adorable in a mini fryer basket, it was okay, I wish they'd had a chicken tender option instead of just the wingseggs Benedict - goodyogurt parfait - husband thought it was greatThe sad part is that we really didn't get into the whole dessert counter buffet, and it looked amazing, but you can only eat so much! We'll just have to hit it up next time we're in Vegas.
2	This place was just OK. We only went once for breakfast, and tried to like it. The presentation of all the food was excellent, but sadly, every single item I tried was cold. We were there around 8 am and in my opinion, there is no excuse for cold food so soon after opening when there was a line to get in.Good points were bottled water on the tables and very pleasant servers.I'll try it again next trip, but hope it is much better.
4	Great comfort food, but don't go expecting lots of "expensive" offerings.  Snow crab legs were a bit small and tasted slightly off, and there were only 3 types of sushi rolls available, no sashimi at all.  Cocktail shrimp were small-ish (compared to the jumbo ones at Bellagio) and only came 3 to a small serving.  That said, their comfort food dishes were really tasty -- special favorites were the smashed potatoes with truffle oil, creamed corn, roast pork, and beet salad.  Overall quality of the other dishes was very good for a buffet. The individual serving plates were cute but I'm not a fan, as many of the portions were way too large for my preference -- I like to load up on lots of small portions, but here only 4-5 items could fit on my plate at a time.  We went to Wicked Spoon for Sunday dinner and was surprised the line wasn't very long, so it was great to not have to wait almost an hour like at the Wynn & Bellagio.   Overall I liked the buffet and would go back, but with the realization it's more of a casual comfy meal as opposed to a decadent one.
4	Deciding on which buffet to go to (while standing in line for a taxi cab) in Vegas is tough when you have 6 indecisive people. So, I made the executive decision; Wicked Spoon, please!Besides the complimentary Bloody Mary drink (or Mimosa), I enjoyed plates and plates of the cured meats, smoked salmon (with cream cheese, capers, fresh sliced tomatoes), and California cheeses (blue cheese, nom, nom, nom), tri-tip, apple sausages, and the Pistachio gelato.I need to come back to Wicked Spoon for dinner on my next visit to try the bone marrow everyone is talking about.
3	I am so shocked that this place gets so many positive reviews. I think the aesthetics make people think that the food tastes good. It has a normal wait like other buffets (1hr+). It's beautiful for a buffet (looks like a lounge), but the choice of food options are so minimal and really average in taste for how much it costs. The Wynn buffet by far is WAY better in choices, internationality, and quality. The dessert bar looks amazing also, but again, it's just looks. The chocolate-covered strawberries are good, but you can only eat so many. Are you going to pay over $30 for good dessert?
5	The Wicked Spoon Buffet has an amazing brunch buffet that far surpassed my expectations.  There was some delicious tri tip, fish, paella, and so much more!  The short ribs were great.  I indulged in the smoked salmon and made myself a bagel with lox. The true treasure of this buffet was the dessert section.   My eyes bugged out when I saw this area.  Make sure you allow yourself some room for gelato, chocolate covered strawberries, among various other gourmet pastries.
5	So I'm not writing any other Vegas reviews but this one. Because no others compare. Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas is hands down THEEEE buffet of buffets. PROMISE.Gourmet everything. Fasted service - the minute your done, someone is there to get your plate. Tastiest food - not ONE item was mediocre. Everything was passed expectations. Worth every penny.
3	Ummm....I don't really get the hype.  I had high expectations for this buffet because of all the great reviews here on Yelp but when I came for dinner last month I was actually really disappointed :/ I was there on a Saturday night and didn't have to wait too long to be seated.  I was instantly amazed at how beautiful the place looked!  I loved the ambience.  Loved the decor.  Loved the furniture.  It was classy and elegant, yet still simple and modern.  They also serve you this really refreshing water that they leave at your table.  I might have just been kind of hungover from the early morning partying, but I couldn't help thinking to myself, "damn...this is the best f*cking water I've ever had in my life." Lol :xUnfortunately I can't say the same for the food.  We got there about 2 hours before closing and it looked like all the food was running out.  Most of the food on my plate was pretty cold and/or dry.  The only thing that was ok to me was their fried rice and the Mac 'n cheese station.  But the thing that disappointed me the most was the dessert.  They weren't as good as they looked, in my opinion.But I'll still give this place 3 stars cuz it was my first time and maybe I'll end up here again one day.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I'd be willing to try it again. Hopefully next time I'll have a better experience.
1	I got the worst food poisoning of my life (lasted 48 hours) after brunch here last weekend. Ick.
3	Don't get what all the rage is about. It's a great buffet... So why the 3 stars. I'm very annoyed w the sushi part. They advertise sushi, but if you are a sushi lover like me a vegetable roll and California roll and shrimp roll does NOT count as sushi. But, I am a food lover and I want to say that the macaroni bar is AMAZING!!! I added shrimp and mozzarella and grilled red peppers!! YUMMY!!!! And my boyfriend probably had 3 or 4 plate full of the crab legs. We loved the deserts as well. It is a great place, just annoyed by the lack of sushi since that was such a big draw. Oh well!! Oh and prime rib is amazing!!!!! Service is okay, our plates stacked up a bit and refills were slow. Deserts were amazing too :-) very satisfied. Anyways, enough of this wishy washy review. I do recommend it, just don't go there for sushi lol!!!
4	This was probably my favorite buffet in Vegas, but I have not been to a whole lot.  Most of the options are tapas style.  Small servings of prepared dishes in silver hot pots.  Several were very good; I enjoyed the barbecue shrimp and grits the most.  They have several very exotic dishes, including pigs tail and bones marrow.  I tried the pigs tail and it was not for me, and despite being a fairly adventurous eater, I could not bring myself to try the bone marrow.  The highlight was the gelato at the dessert buffet.  Probably about 16 varieties.  The PB&J was awesome.  However, the server at the gelato station makes the Soup Nazi look like a real sweetheart.
5	Best buffet on the strip! The food is delightful and most of it is served in small portions. I have yet to encounter an item that was subpar. I would love to come back here again!
5	best buffet in vegas, hands down.dinner is better than lunch -- more selection.enjoy!
5	I had a great experience at this Las Vegas buffet. All of the food was amazing! I had just about one of everything and went back several times :) The only down side is that you only get one alcoholic drink with breakfast. I will most definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas and I will likely stay at the Cosmopolitan.
3	So I've heard a bunch of good things and also bad things about this place. I'd say it's a balance, it depends on what you get. I love their Tacos al Pastor! It was so tasty. Their fish selections are fresh too but I felt like it was a little bland. The cheese macaroni was bland too, it looked good though. They also have short ribs, pork loins, fried chicken and other stuff too. It's decent. The dessert selection, my oh my, so awesome! They have a wide variety of ice cream/sorbet and their cake selections...so yummy. They have choco/white choco dipped-strawberries which was delicious. FYI: Service was slow.
5	My new favorite buffet in Vegas. It edged out the Bellagio and Wynn buffets. I loved how "classy" this buffet seemed. But who cares about class if you don't like the food. Well, luckily I LOVED the food. Such good flavors. The mac and cheese bar has many options/toppings, and it was great. The bone marrow can't be found at any other buffet. The dishes in their little pots have so much flavor (the risotto, etc). Even the gelato is better than others I've had. I have been craving this buffet ever since I left. I recommend checking it out. About 35 per person for dinner. I thought it was worth it. I got there at 5pm on a Thursday night, and we were one of the first to get in (no line yet). Can't wait to go back!
4	I'm disappointed in myself for only going for lunch!  This place was that good, having a lot of the standard buffet fare but at such a higher quality.  Favorites: lamb, mac and cheese, freshly made balsamic strawberry ice cream.The only thing I didn't like was their bland, unusually flavored al pastor tacos.
4	i'm a huge fan!  i sort of want to give it 5 stars, but it seems wrong to give a buffet joint 5 stars.  so straight off, i thought it was a fairly good deal for dinner, $35.  lots of different stations.  the asian station was sort of weak - sushi was not particularly good - but i guess you shouldn't be getting sushi rolls at a buffet joint anyway.so what was good? tons of crab legs with clarified butter, mashed potatoes that tasted like paula deen made them, creamed corn, bone marrow (!), shrimp cocktail, salmon, beignets, chocolate dipped strawberries.  a lot of other things looked good, but i couldn't eat much more - things like shepherd's pie, truffled potato gratin and risotto. the wait was kind of  a pain, but we did go on a saturday night.  got in line around 5:45 to pay, then got in the line to be seated around 6 pm, and then didn't actually sit down to eat until around 7 pm.  we left around 9:30, and there was still a pretty healthy lined to be seated...so be warned.
4	Stayed at the Cosmo. In December.  Came here for breakfast one of the days.  My first impression was that it was very expensive, it was around 50 bucks for 2 people for breakfast ehh.  Well once we were seated and given our drinks, it was starting to show you get what you pay for.  There was a station where you cold have omlets made fresh in front of you.  There was tons of choices anything breakfast oriented you could think of!  But what else was great was that there was also a large amount of dinner foods to choose from, the Mac and cheese was to die for!  And the Asian short ribs were amazing too!   Also the service was outstanding!  I never ran out of water or juice and they always cleaned the dirty dishes off the table promptly!   If your wanting to try a buffet that has a little bit of a different spin on things you need to try this one.
4	A solid buffet worth trying. The buffet has a wonderful selection of food. The seating area was roomy, stylish, and clean. The food presentation was simple, elegant, and clean. As for the food, I sampled many items, but really I ended up hoarding the Kalbi beef. Yeah it was great. One issue I had about the buffet was the lack of seafood. The buffet had your basic fish, crab claws, and shrimp, which every Las Vegas buffet seems to offer. However, I couldn't find steamed crab legs, scallops, or any type of lobster offering. I guess I have to keep going to Rio seafood buffet for those items. For a buffet, the price was reasonable. Overall, I will definitely be back to Wicked Spoon buffet next time I am in Las Vegas.
4	Dude. I love buffets. Not actually ingesting the copious amounts of food, but the concept. When I saw that my hotel's buffet had a ridiculous rating on here, I decided to try it.We arrived right before the dinner rush and got seated relatively quickly. The ambience and decor is very trendy and stylish yet warm and inviting, just like the rest of the hotel. And the food...ohhh the food. There are so many options it would be silly to list everything I had. There are all types of cuisines and types of food, and many of the dishes are very classy. You won't find any of the "yella" from Vegas Vacation here, but dishes with reductions and demi-glaces and shaved fennels and pan seared things and all kinds of other words that make dishes sound fancy. Most of the foods are served in small portion sizes and come in cute, petite skillets that fit in the palm of your hand - this is great because you can sample lots of things instead of dedicating yourself to a huge dish.The desserts section is also mindblowing and diabetes-inducing and I am ashamed to say I tried most of the offerings there with my cohort.Some of my favorites: Shrimp and grits with gouda; broccoli cheese soup; shepherd's pie (though very very oily); stewed collard greens with ham hock; butternut squash ravioli; ALMOND JOY GELATO!; red velvet chocolate chip cookie.This is borderline 5-star territory for me, and you should definitely go. But the crab legs were pretty dry, the pork shoulder was dry as well, and not many dishes COMPLETELY blew my mind. Then again, nothing was below "okay" status. Except maybe the sushi.But who the hell goes to Vegas for sushi?
1	I think what this buffet suffers from is the classic example of style over substance. Presentation wise, the food looked very good. The descriptions of the food were quite good as well. Very "foodie" in nature. However, where it suffered was breadth of selection and quality/execution of food, both were VERY poor.  If you can't even do a decent biscuits and gravy at a las vegas buffet, its time to give up. There are actually TWO lines here, one where you wait to pay and a second one where you wait for a table. I don't know how much more inefficient it could have been.  Service was piss poor as well. We didn't get our drink orders in until AFTER our first plates of food were finished (and we had someone wait at the table to make sure to get it). The table next to us, jealous of our bottle of water asked us "do we have to get our own water here?"Foodwise, like I stated earlier, its all foodie sounding concepts that are presented in a hip fashion. Tastewise, it was very crappy and cooked on a mass-produced scale with seemingly no consideration to taste. I enjoyed maybe two selections, the french toast and the sliced lamb.  Pho bar was embarrassingly bad. I'd be shocked if the stock WASN'T powdered beef stock. Smoked salmon tasted off. Chicken wings were disgusting and strange texture, Chocolate covered strawberries had a weird powder dusting which ruined the flavor. didn't even want to touch the sandwiches, pizzas or chinese food with a 10 foot pole because they just looked either dry or under the heat lamps too long.  Overly salty pastas. The list can go on and on. Also, some of the foods are hard to reach due to the low positioning of the glass shields. I've probably been to 80% of the Vegas buffets and this one rates very low on the scale. If you're going to go to one, do one that actually cooks their food well (like the Wynn or Bellagio).
1	Came here with a friend for the second time. I hate to say this but our sever (his name was Allen or Alex) was extremely rude and unprofessional. He pretty much ignored us pinpoint and took like 50 min to bring WATER, while he served other customers just fine. I was very disappointed since food was as good as before.
1	i wanted to visit this buffet a year ago, but went to bellagio instead.  this time, we got a comp meal at wicked spoon buffet.  arrived at 6:22pm on sunday of pres day.  the line is deceptive.  there are two lines: one for paying and one for seating.  took 21 minutes for us to get to the cashier.  then we were in the seating line which took forever like a line at disneyland.  time we stood in line to be seated??  1 hr 12 min.  I HAVE NEVER WAITED THAT LONG BEFORE *besides cheesecake factory in pasadena back in college, but we went planning to shop for an hour before going back.  we weren't cramped like sardines for that long like in the wicked spoon line.  would have been nice if we were offered water in line (they do that at the bellagio buffet line) *  we waited a total of 1.5+ hours finally be at our table.*NOTE: i called cosmo to ask about wicked spoon hours and whether we needed a reservation,etc.  the person told me, "the wait will be about 5-10 minutes.  you don't need a reservation or anything." WOW...REALLY?!?!?  =Oi like the concept of little dishes but for me, it was a MAJOR FAIL IN EXECUTION.food selection was not as much as i expected.  they had some food in little cute dishes.  there was a line for the meat...rotisserie pork shoulder, lamb, prime rib.  i don't remember the last time i was this disappointed at quality/taste of prime rib.  the prime rib i had at flavors buffet in harrah's yesterday was several times better than wicked spoon's.  the pork shoulder was more flavorful than the prime rib.  after eating some prime rib that was overcooked, i spit it out cuz it was that bad.. *i did it carefully when no one was looking*  SAD...the mac n' cheese bar is a novelty.  cool to pick your fixings and see the mac n' cheese made before your eyes.  the people who serve food are very nice (at the meats, mac n' cheese, etc). truffled potatoes, creamed corn, beet salad, israeli couscous, asparagus were worth trying.  i tasted some of their asian food...omg, tasted like crap.  a lot of other food was either too salty or just plain bland.  crab legs were good and cut in half so that you could easily get the meat out.  shrimp w/grits was okay.  fish was dry.  i rarely waste food.  pretty much whatever i get is what i eat.  but i had a lot of uneaten food on my plates..dessert..  there were two things i actually did like: pecan square tart and chocolate cake with caramel sauce on the bottom.  chocolate strawberries tasted good but they win the award (if there was one) of the sloppiest chocolate dipped oreo strawberries ever.i also asked for hot tea.  when the teapot arrive, the water was only lukewarm.  i don't care how fancy the place looks.  i'm the type of person who comes for the food.  don't charge me extra for your fancy decor.  I AM HERE FOR THE FOOD!!SO WHY 1 STAR???  *they don't even get 2 stars for one free buffet*HERE'S THE KICKER... hubby and i both had DIARRHEA 1.5 hours after consuming their buffet.  the food was not fresh.  it didn't look fresh...it didn't look appetizing...and sure you aren't supposed to judge a book by its cover, but one look and i knew (even though i still tried it to give it a chance).  so glad we didn't pay for 2 buffets.  not worth it.   i really should have stuck to my guns to go last year..  if you look at the pictures uploaded onto yelp, they are from last year.  definitely deteriorated in quality/taste??  when a buffet is newer, the place tries to impress the guests.  *i've found that bellagio is the most consistent after over a decade+..**Note: we would have been better off going to Flavors Buffet @ Harrah's since it would have cost us $10 each with the coupon.  no long ridiculous misleading wait, no diarrhea, no wasting that much time.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas! I first went to the buffet in the Bellagio and I was disappointed. The Bellagio had low ceilings and decent food. Wicked Spoon has fantastic food with good atmosphere. They have a great desert bar and lots of ethnic foods. Many foods are served in individual containers. The prices are reasonable.I would say that Wicked Spoon and the Buffet at the Wynn are my two favorite buffets in Vegas
5	Out of all the buffets I have tried in Vegas, this has got to be among the top 3. What makes this place stand out over the rest is their Tapas(small dish) style plates. They have pre - assembled small plates of delectable goodness from seafood to awesome desserts. They also have a wide variety of desserts including Gelato ice cream.Food Highlight: If you have the patience and stamina, I recommend coming here towards the end of lunch so that you can still try the lunch dishes while sitting through till dinner time for different types of dinner items.
3	Went for the Brunch Buffet today.  The regular b'fast stuff was decent, the carved meats looked good but I wanted to try the other stuff.  The oriental stuff was a disappointment.  The sushi had cold hard rice, the pho was meh, the oongee was lukewarm and had no taste.  I tried the slab bacon and it was like a thick slice of ham.  I think the regular bacon is better.,  I did like the polenta with wild mushrooms as well as the mac/cheese.  The desserts wer pretty good - especially the pecan (or whatever type of nut) tart.Maybe I'll try the dinner buffet next time if the line is not too long.
4	My sister had raved about the Wicked Spoon, so it was on the top of the list of Vegas buffets I had to try.  Last time, the mister came out here, the line was hella long, so his experience was a little tainted.  For my first time, I wanted to make sure that we got their early so we can avoid the lines.  The buffet opens at 8AM on Saturdays, so tried to get there when it first opened.  We arrived past 9AM and I was scared to find a huge line awaiting us, but luckily there was none.  We were seated right away.  I love the decor. Very modern.  It didn't feel like a typical buffet. They had very creative menu selections like corned beef hash eggs benedict, salted caramel pancakes, gnocchi, and very cool desserts like berry fudge.  I also liked how some of the food is served in cute small individual pans and their fried chicken in a wire basket.  The food quality was really good, but I am not giving Wicked Spoon 5 stars because they didn't offer many seafood selections.  Crab legs and oysters would be nice. Also, if you want mimosas, it's $8 extra, but they didn't tell me that until after I was seated and the waiter asked what we wanted to drink. So, they had to give us another check before we left.  They should charge for that when we first paid.  Service was okay. Even though our waiter was nice, It took awhile to get refills on our mimosas and coffee.Also, now that I have a baby, I have another criteria I look for in restaurants...diaper changing stations in the restrooms.  You'd be surprised how important this feature is until you have kids.  Fortunately, they have a family restroom w/ a changing station near the front entrance of the restaurant.  They don't have changing station in the restroom inside the restaurant, which I thought was a huge oversight.Overall, Wicked Spoon is one of the better Vegas buffets out there.  Just make sure you get there before 10AM on the weekends because when we got out at 11A, the line was pretty long.
5	This place is definitely a nice change in atmosphere in comparison to some of the other buffets in Vegas.  I love how the dining area is so nicely decorated and can accommodate to larger parties.  But anyways I'm sure people don't come here for the dining area. My husband and I came here for dinner on a Friday and since I had read on yelp that the lines can be long we arrive about 10 min before 5pm (when it opens for dinner).  When we arrived there was about 10 parties in front of us but we were seated quickly.  The food was great and all the workers were very nice and helpful in choosing the dishes.  I hate to admit though that I think the Bellagio Buffet's food is better quality, but the Wicked Spoon's Desserts do kick butt!  I'm a big meat eater and I felt like their carving stations lacked in quality.  Also they have a lot of fillers and food with high carbs.  Not to say that is not expected at buffets but it would be nice if they had a better selection of meats.  One thing I can't deny them of is their dessert bar.  They have a great arrangement of pastries, gelato, cookies, etc. My favorites had to be the Chocolate Covered Strawberries and the Red Velvet White Chocolate Chip Cookies!  Definitely worth trying, ENJOY!
3	#1 buffet? I'm not sure about that. The cuisine experience overall was just average. I thought the fried chicken could have used more flavor and actually be crispy. I thought the KBBQ short ribs could have used more flavor. I thought the al pastor tacos were the worst tacos I've had in awhile. Everyone really seemed to like the desserts but I don't have a sweet tooth. With that said, I'd take the $35 and spend it elsewhere.I've had better experiences eating at the Wynn, Mandalay or Bellagio buffet.
4	Fine culinary buffet! This place is classy from the decor to the food. A little on the expensive side ($35 per person on weekend dinner buffet). Also the line is very long so plan accordingly. We arrived around 6pm and we didn't get seated until 730 or so. Now to the food.This isn't a throwdown eat your money's worth place. So if you are a buffet beast you may not like it. The restaurant thrives on finer foods not plates with mountains of food. Take your time enjoy every bite here. A few things I recommend are: pear and Gorgonzola pizza, corned beef and cabbage, white truffle rizzoto, shrimp and grits, and the strawberry balsamic gelato (it's great). If you go to Vegas often I recommend trying this place at least once. I give it only 4 stars because of the long line and service was a little slow at times, but it was definitely a fine dinner experience.
4	First day was heaven, except the lines. Second day was earthly except the line was reasonable. both days ate brunch and the same exact menu. would have liked a bit more variety between the days. Meats were all really tasty.  Especially the Galbi and roasted chicken. Salad bar and fruits (grapefruit was delish) could have had more selection. good selection on everything else, plus loved the dim sum items. They were remarkably good. I like that most of the items were individually dished which meant not having to touch a serving fork or spoon that a thousand germy hands have handled before. Wicked spoon in name, not in literal sense.
3	The idea was fresh, but the follow-through didn't back it up. Let's not kid ourselves, this place is a B-U-F-F-E-T. And like all buffets, it's all about quantity not quality. With that being said, there are a limited number of things that make this place stand out. 1) Roasted beef bone marrow, however exotic that may sound to a non-foodie, it's a simple thing do, and they do it right. Though, I can't see myself eating more than two 2) Made-to-order Mac & Cheese - homeboy working this station put waaaay to much cheese for my tastes. I was equally turned-off by the fact that they didn't not have lobster available to mix-in to your order; I'm sorry but shrimp just doesn't cut it. 3) Gelato/Sorbets - their selection of sorbets is pretty cool and definitely an upgrade from your run-of-the-mill soft serve ice cream.The hook at WS is that they offer "tapa" style entrees. From my experience, all that meant was that they pre-portion out the servings in cute little All-clad single-serving dishes or cute little Chinese takeout boxes. It's like they want you to forget about your high school cafeteria where some old lady with a hair net slams down a sloppy serving of sloppy joes slop sloppy joes on your plate. See: http://youtu.be/iP-dbTvwrYs
2	Not usually a big buffet fan, but I thought this place was pretty cool since each food station is indiviually served in little pots or pans or baskets. So no one can pick through everything.  Only problem is that everything was so salty! And on top of that some of the pasta dishes and vegetables were dried out.  As if its been sitting under the heat lamp since lunch time.  The place wasn't fully packed and there was a huge line after we waited to get seated.  I dont understand why they didnt fill up all the tables.  Maybe not enough servers or food or cooks to completely serve every patron. But overall, it was a nice buffet. Would I go back? Not really. I still think the Wynn buffet has better food.
4	Absolutely loved it!A little on the pricier side ($35 per person) than the other buffets on the strip but it was so worth it. I went around 430 and only waited for about 10 minutes or so. When I left the buffet at 7 the line looked like it was going to take hours to get in!Really liked how the food is already portioned off for you so it's not like you're diving into this giant thing of mush (gross!) And the portions are light so it gives you a chance to try everything that you want.Like everyone else, I loved the mac n cheese bar. It takes them about 3-5 minutes to get it going. The sushi bar could have had a few more options.Dessert bar literally had me going in circles. I could not pick anything because there were so many delicious choices that I had to choose wisely since I barely had any room left! Waiter was attentive and every time we went up to eat, our plates were cleared and water jug thingy was filled. Perfect experience.
4	My only complaints are that some of the supposed to be good things such as the kal bee and the crab legs aren't that great. The sushi selection is weak too! But they make up for it with some of their other dishes, like the Mac n cheese station! And the bone marrow you can get at the prime rib station! Mm!
3	As far as Vegas buffet's go, it is among the best.That said, do not go here.  You will get a better meal for the price at one of the fine non-buffet restaurants nearby.  Less quantity, sure...but more quality.
4	I haven't tried much buffets in Vegas but this is by far the best I've been to! I won the buffet meal through the Cosmo Identity wheel spin thingy... but lunch was only $30 ish. Not bad for high quality foods! Everything looked like it was carefully made and placed in cute little pans. They don't put too much so you can try a little bit of everything. Our waiter was super nice, he let me take home one of the cute fryer things the chicken was served with. The dessert section is BEAUTIFUL. Best I've seen so far. I will def come back here and pay $30 for lunch!
1	When I go to a breakfast buffet, I don't expect great service, just reasonable. This place was horrible. The waiter gave us a dissertation what he would/would not do then screwed up the order. We asked for the manager and she never came. The Hostess apologized, so we tried again the next day.The next day we encountered a new mean hostess and we could not get coffee refills. How many times do you have to say no cream, please bring skim or low fat milk?Ok, this place went 2 for 2 as a 1 star buffet. No mas!As the name implies, it's wicked.
5	Service here is awesome and the foods are of a higher class then most buffets. The lines can get long. 2 of them...one to pay and one to get in!!! lol. Clean area and tables. Very nice hotel also...If you get to self park, you'll see what I mean. AWESOME SELF PARKING HERE! anyways...food is good but the desert bar is better. The highlight for me. ENDLESS GELATO!!!! hahahaha. lots of other deserts that are amazing and great. Maybe normal for vegas but not normal for a regular buffet. Waiter brings you drinks also so you don't have to worry about that. Kind and helpful service. Excellent choices. Will come back here for a 3rd time...actually anytime I'm in vegas, I should be eating here one day. Just try to come before 12-1pm...lines are crazy. Never had dinner, not sure what they serve, but lunch and breakfast is great. Try the mac and cheese before you go..its in that small little silver pot. :)
4	I went her with a bachelor party group.  We all stayed at the Monte Carlo and I suggested we walk over to Cosmo and check out this buffet.  We went on a Saturday.  I wasn't sure how it was going to be.  We were a group of about 10 and they sat us on a really cool long table.  Now my taste were fully function due a long night of drinking so everything was like heaven entering my dehydrated body.  They had a good mix.  The buffet wasn't amazing but then when are buffets really amazing?  We didn't pay the dinner price so it wasn't that bad.  I highly recommend checking Wicked Spoon out if you are staying in the area.  Cheers!
4	The only reason why Im not giving this 5 stars is the pricing.  My girlfriend raved about this buffet (and im not a huge buffet person...I don't eat big meals, but she insisted we go!).It was $31 for the regular buffet and $38 for the champagne/bloody mary buffet.  They did have a wide selection...and I wish I wasnt such a particular eater, otherwise I would have enjoyed it more!They had Asian food, sweets, meats, salads, sandwhiches, breakfast, sushi, Italian and much more!  I do recommend the gnocci...I grabbed seconds on this!It's definately an experience...if you don't mind the price, I would definately check it out!
2	This place isn't worth 30 bucks a head. They don't tell you that you have to wait in a massive line after you pay, the food is just okay and the service, while nice, is slow as shit. The best thing they offer is the chocolate dipped strawberries but, honestly, my five year old couldn't even fuck that up. You're paying for the chandeliers and the bullshit. If you've ever had a nice meal in your life, this place should be a pass.
5	Best buffet ever! The price may be a bit steep but for the quality and the diverse choice of food you get, it's worth it. Plus the interior lives up to "Vegas standard" (aka flashy and alluring!)
1	We tried this place a third time due to proximity and the service was consistently horrible. The manager's attention was requested and for the second time, she didn't show. Very, very bad service and it's hard to screw up a buffet!
5	Best. Buffet. Ever. Recently 21, I've been to Vegas three times and ate here at least once every time. Not only is it reasonably priced, but the food is amazing. My favorites include the pecan crusted french toast with a basket of fried chicken wings, the Korean BBQ, fried rice, and the gelato bar. On the weekends, for an extra $15 or $20 you have a choice of bottomless mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys.Don't forget to pay first then stand in line (might look confusing). And it's probably best to get there when you're feeling reasonably hungry because the average wait is about an hour long. GO! You won't regret it.
5	$35 bucks!  It's worth it! Just check out all the unique ways your food and dishes are presented to you.  Also, consider the wait time, this buffet is almost no wait every time I went so far.  I have been to this 3 times.  My longest wait time was 5 minutes to get seated after payment.  This is a must try buffet in Vegas!  Can you say, save some room for dessert?  Look around before getting too much food on your plates!
3	I think that this buffet has a good idea/style, but the food doesn't live up to the name of the hotel. First of all, I think this hotel has a horrible system because of the fact that they have you pay in one area, and wait to get seated in another. Since you're paying first, you are tipping for service that you haven't received. That was my biggest thing.A lot of people have brought up that this buffet provides a lot of choices, Asian, Italian, meat carving, salads, and a mac and cheese bar. They pre portion a lot of the food so theres less waste/people don't over grab the food they are providing. I think it has a really cute idea, but some of the portions are still too big. The quality of the food I would say was just average; I left this place with nothing to rave about.The desert is a whole different story. Almost everything is edible! Cups of chocolate inside chocolate mousse with fresh fruit on top. They had a variety of bread pudding, gelato, and different types of pudding and baked goods.The best thing I had was the chocolate covered strawberries ( plain chocolate covered strawberries, chocolate covered strawberries with crushed oreos, and chocolate covered strawberries with toffee)For the price ($35 for dinner) I was expecting a little more variety (sushi and salads), but it was definitely worth trying.
4	Don't have any other Vegas buffets to compare this to, but this was good.  Small but hearty portions of just about anything.My favorite part of the meal?  The mac and cheese station.  Looks like an omelette station but what you get it 10000x better.Some of the dishes I had:Gnocchi in lamb raguSpaghetti and meatballRisotto with truffle oilHummus, tzatiki and pita chipsCharcuterieCreamed corn with baconChocolate covered strawberriesThey have a gelato bar.  Was I not totally stuffed I would have indulged.  Did taste the mango gelato and it was great.  Lots of other desserts too.They have limited alcohol offerings - house red or white wines, few beers, and a few cocktail options.  I was unimpressed by the mojito.A friend and I arrived a little after 6 on a Saturday night and waited maybe 15-20 minutes.  Not too bad.  The restaurant never really got super crowded inside so I wonder if they have the line to create demand.The design of the place is really nice.  Most dishes are served in tiny little pots.  Adds a lot to the experience.
5	The food is da winnahs. I don't care to much for buffets because the food is usually ok or crappy. This place's food quality is great. I will be eating here again.
1	I'm not sure if we went on an off night but my boyfriend and I never really eat at buffets but I've heard a lot about this one and loved the idea of individual portions so we just had to try it. We did go on a Saturday night and got there are 6:45 pm, there were only 2 or 3 people ahead of us but it took 15 minutes to pay. We were told a 20 minute wait for seating, now I don't mind waiting an hour if you tell me an hour but don't tell me 20 minutes when it's going to be an hour. So that was the first negative.Now for the food...it was really bad, everything except the mac n cheese was cold, the  prime rib was lacking flavor, the chicken was dry, the sushi tasted funny, the risotto was pasty.I do have to say the mac n cheese was amazing and the shrimp cocktail was some of the best I've had but $35 for those two items was a little much.One other negative is that we got up for dessert and they cleared our table. Not a huge deal, the waiter said, oh just sit here but then some other lady came up immediately asking for our receipt. We told her what happened but she looked at us skeptical and started asking some other girl when we had pointed out the waiter who told us to sit there. I guess they get a lot of people trying to sneak in for cold tasteless food.
2	I went here this past weekend because people were telling me this place is better than any other buffet places in vegas. So i gave it a try and to me it was disappointing. The food wasn't tasty at all and I was honestly expecting more variety of food there compare to other hotels. If i were to pick a favorite part of the meal, it would be nothing. And the service was bad as well. I would give this place only 2 stars.
4	2nd time here and still liked it. Sad that I didn't see any dimsum on the buffet. Oh well, I'll be in China in less than a month!
4	I heart buffets...yummmy!On my last Vegas trip we decided on "wicked spoon". We usually hit up the buffet @ the Wynn but since this place is new we thought we would give it a try.I was pleased, layout is nice and open, and servings are pre-sized so you don't take too much. I think that's a great idea, this was you get to try a little bit of EVERYTHING right?Loved the fried chicken, and their pesto pasta stuff. The dessert area was yummy also though I didn't much care for the chocolate covered strawberries. The layer of chocolate on them was too thick and it was just too much.... I ended up taking some of the chocolate off.Overall it was delicious and in a beautiful hotel & casino.I still prefer the buffet @ the Wynn tho.
1	Came here on a weekday and the food sucks.  Maybe I should come when they are busy because all the other reviews rave about how great they were.  To me, the presentation in the little containers of the food is great but when the food looks like it's been sitting there for awhile, it sure definitely doesn't taste great.  Guess I was there to eat with my eyes because the taste of the food was just okay.  Maybe I should of gotten food from that taco/chinese food place by Jose.
2	I wanted so BADLY to experience this buffet and my hubby finally gave in the day before we left Vegas and I was excited since I heard such great things on Yelp about this place but I was disappointed I don't know if we came on a off day or what cause it SUCKED... the food wasn't anything to write home about frankly I had better and it looked pretty bare. The only thing that made it worth the trip to The Cosmo was my hubby winning 600.00 dollars at the Casino. So the one star for that and one star for the dude bringing our drinks he was cool and kept them coming.
4	We tried Wicked Spoon for brunch/lunch.  Very good selection.  My favorites were the mac and cheese with linguica, trip tip, ca rolls and their al pastor tacos :)  Good variety different take than the other buffets on the strip.  The dessert area was nice.
5	This place is pretty insane. I have been to heaps of Las Vegas buffets and this one is tops in my book.I signed up tor the players card because we were staying there and we recieved a free buffet in doing so. We also received resort credit for booking online, soooo that equaled two free buffets for my wife and I. We could have enjoyed this just as much at full price.As I hope you already know the Cosmo's decor is eye candy. So walking through hotel to get to the buffet is an adventure in itself with many art installations to entertain you along the way. The buffet room itself is also very well decorated with TVs offering fun info about the foods you are eating. As we all know life is in the details and this is where the Wicked Spoon Buffet shines. The vessel for coffee cream for example, is a small steel milk carton. This is just one of the many neat little containers that is used here. My wife loves these types of things. That is one way this place is different from most of it's kind. The dishes are already portioned into these cool little holders for you to just grab and bring back to your table. No messy trays to scoop out of, no taking too much, just enough to try and if you like get another one. Plus it helps with your table neatness until the busboy arrives.The food selections were both unique and traditonal at the same time. Crab legs were present, warm and deliciously served with drawn butter. There was a carving station with bone marrow, among other things. Fried chicken in mini fryer baskets. Spare ribs and miso soup and edamame. A mac and cheese bar replaces the omelet station for lunch. I could go on and on.The desert area was huge. A solid ten flavors of house made gelato. Every killer pastry under the sun. The largest chocolate covered strawberrys I have ever seen and marshmallows on a stick dipped in chocolate and rolled in butterfinger or something like that. Pretty nice.The service was on point. So bravo to the Cosmo for this. Just one more thing they are doing well in Vegas. Visit this place if you haven't already
4	I'm not necessarily a buffet person, because I always feel the pressure of having to eat an enormous quantity to justify the amount we are paying..and thus I never feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Also, buffets feel like they stress quantity rather than quality. And the waste of leftover food when you take too much! However, may I recommend to you the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The best part is that they provide a variety of foods from different cuisines, and they were all pre-packaged in single serving sizes, thus controlling the quantity (and waste, hopefully)  given out to you, the customer. A written description at each platter leaving nothing to the imagination. So easy to pick up and keep moving. Not your typical buffet fare. Highlights include butternut squash ravioli with lobster sauce and pumpernickle, gnocchi lamb ragu with eggplant and capers, vegetable korma (kinda like a curry?), prime rib panini, roasted beets/goat cheese arugula.Don't forget the dessert, which is the biggest highlight. GELATO GELATO! and beignets, and many other delectable mousses and other flavors to suit all palates. try it. Next time I'll have to try the mac and cheese bar and some other dishes, but I just did not have enough room.Paired with a bottle of wine for $20; and we were allowed to take the leftovers back up to the room. Overall, quite a culinary experience and of course, atmosphere in this hotel is swanky and fabulous, which helps.Lacking the final star because the service could have been better. Our hostess did not clear our plates in a timely manner, and we found ourselves always looking for her to flag her down, for water, more utensils, napkins etc. Considering we came early and the seating area was not even half full, no excuses..
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I enjoyed my meal here.  The mac & cheese station was not what I expected and I would probably skip it in the future - which is sad, because I do love me some mac & cheese, but there is so much else here that is good.  The prime rib was excellent, the mashed potatoes were addictive, the mushroom risotto was superb and the deserts were absolutely delicious.  The meh:  the pizzas were dried up fossils of something that might have been good had they not been sitting under heat lamps for extended periods of time, the bone marrow (though I'd never had it before, I just didn't see what Anthony Bourdain raves about when I tried it), the aforementioned mac & cheese bar is decent but I can make better at home, the beignets were also dry.  For $40 this is not a bad deal at all, considering I've paid well over $50 for prime rib at a steak house and at Wicked Spoon I got prime rib, all the trimmings and more.  I'd like to return for brunch.
4	Been to Vegas numerous and wife and I love the Buffets there.  Wicked Spoon is good, really good.
3	Las Vegas buffets are pretty dime a dozen these days.  Now with all the different ones and with the "Buffet of Buffets", 24 hours for $44.99, buffets are doing more and more to stand out.  WIcked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan keeps up with the theme of the hotel, a little naughty but in a good way.We went for "brunch" on a Friday, which was $22 for the meal with a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.  We were seated promptly, another first for a popular Las Vegas buffet that I've been to, the line to get in wasn't bad in the first place.  Oranges and red are prevalent in the theme of the restaurant.The buffet is plentiful and the variety is great.  The food is across the different cuisines around the world.  Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, American, anything you want in a high end Vegas buffet, you can get.  Because it was "brunch" there were a lot more breakfast foods, the omlette bar and the usual breads and eggs but the "lunch" stuff was still good.  The tri-tip and the bacon at the carving station were highlights for me.  That and the deserts of course but the desert selection didn't seem to match the Wynn buffet which I believe was much better for deserts but also 2x the price of admission.-1 star for sometimes cold food, I know its a buffet but if it's been sitting out for awhile, why not throw it out?  Just because it's a buffet, doesn't mean cold food is acceptable-1 star for ok quality food but not amazing, I might've also overhyped the place due to the reviews I've read and my friends reviews,Overall, its still just a buffet.  But rather than spend these prices, why not go to the higher end restaurants around Vegas?  Pay just a little more money for fine dining, great service and greater flavors in smaller portions.  Of course, if you want to pig out, this buffet isn't a bad choice.
3	I had heard great things about this buffet and given the limited lunch options at The Cosmopolitan I decided to try this out.  I visited during a regular week day and I liked that they were still serving breakfast along with lunch items.  A unique item this buffet had that I rarely see was Kimchi and had a nice selections of Asian cuisine, including Asian slaw.  I loved the variety but the actual flavor wasn't anything outstanding, I had the ribs, orange chicken, Asian slaw, and dumplings, and none of those were left on my plate but I wasn't inspired to go back for seconds.  What I did like most was that the service was great including a carafe of water available at the table and a bathroom location within the buffet.  I do like the decor and high ceilings since you can enjoy your food without having to smell everything combined at once.  I think I need to try this again perhaps for dinner in hopes of a more flavorful experience.
3	I have now been to Wicked Spoon twice, and my first time was wayyy better than my second time. I will say this, the place has a great set up, and everything looks great. The down side is that that's all that it is. The food looks great, but when you take that first bite the food is eh... I mean there are some great dishes in the buffet but overall, it was just ok. If you decide that you want to test the waters with the restaurant which I would suggest, only because you should try everything at least once. They have an "build your own omelet" station, their mac n' cheese is really good, and selection of meats and cheeses are yummy too. One thing I notice a lot of people do when they go to the buffet is go for Chinese, Korean BBQ, sushi, and pho, DON'T DO THAT! If you are from the San Gabriel Valley.. .go there!! not Wicked Spoon. Plus, the pho smells really good but tastes like water. Hope my review doesn't discourage you to try the food. ENJOY! :]
3	I went for both brunch and dinner. My first time impression of brunch was Wow, as presentation was excellent. They had macaron at dessert section. It was all about dessert for me since I love dessert...who doesn't?However, when I went for dinner recently, my whole impression of this place changed. I do not plan to return for dinner, ever, if anything maybe for brunch if it's suggested. Definitely over rated, over priced for what they offer. It was $35 for dinner and supposed to be gourmet but I couldn't find any item that can be considered gourmet. Almost no seafood (They had mediocre, lack of flavor salmon, cod, crab legs) and their overall selection was not good at all. I couldn't find any single dinner item that I liked. I'd rather spend $35 at somewhere else that eating mediocre food. However, I had at least hopes up for dessert as they left good impression when I went for brunch months ago... and it failed too. Their dessert was not as good as before, lack of flavor, everything was just so sugarly sweet. As mentioned not sure if I'd return here. If anything, yea, maybe for brunch........
5	This review is for their BRUNCH.This is the second brunch that my wife and I attended this past weekend in Vegas(the other was at Paris, which I have also reviewed) during our getaway. From the front door on the strip you walk through a lot of the hotel, but it is very nice. The decor, artwork, and look of this place is very interesting. Once we finally got to the buffet, I could see why people like it. Their presentation stands out and is quite different from every other Vegas buffet I have been too(I've been to more than 10 others. No, not in one trip). I liked the little dishes, baskets, and Chinese takeout containers some of the food was portioned/served in. The food is good, diverse, creative, and plentiful. I barely made it from one end to the other(it took me 2.5 plates) with room to spare for the sweets(a full little plate plus small ice cream dish), which my wife told me we had to try from the moment we sat down. There is also some interesting people watching to be done here, which I never really noticed at any of the other buffets. Service wasn't extraordinary, but it didn't suck either. We were here on Sunday morning just before or around noon, and we waited maybe 5 minutes before we were in and seated. Our favorites were the al pastor tacos, smoked salmon, fried chicken, Korean ribs, and dessert. You could taste different herbs and spices in the chicken and it was well seasoned and juicy. The garlic & tabasco mac & cheese was good too. The sheer numbers and variety of their desserts was impressive, as was the taste of whatever it was I ate( I know I had a cheese something, lemon ice cream, fudge, and a couple other colorful creations). Overall another good dining experience. As I stated in my Paris brunch review, I don't know which of these 2 are better. Maybe presentation here gives it a slight edge? Either way, we left here full and pleased!
3	I'm giving this place more like 3.5 stars. The food selection here isn't as big as other places but the quality of the food is good. It wasn't even packed when we got there at 630 on a Saturday night. I really did like the mac n cheese here but nothing else really stood out in my mind. You have to remember I'm Asian though, as long as there's prime rib and crab legs, I'll be happy.
5	Went here on a Saturday morning.  Saw the recommendations on Yelp and thought we would give it a try.  I like the Rio, Mirage, Bellagio, and Caesar's Buffets.  Wicked Spoon is far better than those.  First off this was our first time to Cosmopolitan.  We drove here from the Rio where we were staying.  It took about ten minutes to get a parking spot and to the restaurant from our hotel which was impressive for Vegas on a Saturday.  We drove in on Harmon which connects on the west side of I15 now, found a parking spot right by the garage elevator and the elevator dumps you out in the casino, the escalators is right there to take you to the buffet.We stood in line for about 10 minutes before they seated us.  The place is decorated beautifully.  I started with a apple cinnamon muffin and honey yogurt with granola, both were amazing.  I went back for the mac n cheese, butternut squash raviolis and some salad, all of it was awesome.  At the end I made my way to the dessert area.  Everything looked so good.  The gelatos were so flavorful.  I highly recommend the salted peanut flavor.Although I'm not a big fan of buffets since I don't get my money out of them being a vegetarian, I do go eat at one on each trip to Vegas.  Wicked Spoon is now my buffet of choice.
3	They have delicious mashed potatoes, everything else is mediocre.
4	Food was okay......service was pretty good for buffet.....the concept is very cool
5	Came here for weekend brunch and I have to say, I really did love it. Their food selection was spectacular and they had the most amazing dessert bar. I mean, macarons, at a buffet? I am currently trying to lose some weight for my wedding but I'm not crazy enough to pass up an offer like that.Later on, as I had already devoured an entire plate of dessert, I found the tacos. I wish I had found them sooner because they were so delicious. Just thinking about it makes me hungry
4	"Wicked Spoon"...the name makes me hungry! The reviews talking about long lines and long waits made me nervous, but we took a chance for Sunday brunch and WOO-HOO! 15 Minute wait!Food was great! We spent about an hour and a half working our way from breakfast, to lunch, a quick stop at dinner, and finally to dessert!Omelette Bar = GreatEggs Benedict = OkaySeafood = LimitedChinese food = GoodJapanese Food = GoodMacaroons = AWESOME!Cheescake= Instant...YUCK!Can't remember what else I ate before slipping into my food coma, but I felt like it was a good experience overall and would definitely recommend it again.
5	**WEEKDAY BRUNCH $22**My new favorite buffet on the Strip! I was so impressed by the creativity of the food as well as the flavors. I loved that many of the dishes were small plated creations instead of just a big vat of orange chicken for you to scoop. Here are some highlights:-- free mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne. I enjoyed the mimosa; refreshing, just enough booze.-- short rib eggs benedict is AWESOME. I must say that I make a pretty mean eggs benedict, and I have never been impressed with a buffet's version until now. Savory, cooked perfectly.-- sweet potato and pork hash is tasty with a nice kick.-- angry mac and cheese is fantastically creamy with a hint of tabasco on the finish.-- asiago-stuffed gnocchi is hearty but the real star of the dish is the brussels sprouts. Cheesy and SO YUMMY.-- butternut squash ravioli in brown butter with pumpernickel croutons is fabulous with great layering of flavors.-- fried rice with Chinese sausage: homey and delicious.-- gelato: pistachio and raspberry are both outstanding.-- strawberry shortcake: one of those layered desserts in a little clear cup. Beautiful presentation. Strawberry meringue on top adds a nice crunch but not too much. Super delicious; I wanted to eat three.Definitely a winner! Didn't break the bank and there was no line at 11am on Tuesday. Will definitely be back.
2	After reading all the reviews I thought I was in for a treat, boy was I wrong.  It seems like a popular place, lots of people and a long line.  The selection was ok, typical buffet, with a few extra options and a mac n cheese bar.  It's just the food quality was poor.  I can usually eat about anything, but at the wicked spoon, I couldn't find anything that was good.  It just seemed like cheap food.  Just gross. For 35/ person totally not worth it.   The only decent options were the Mac and Cheese bar and deserts.  Ask yourself how hard is it to make Mac and Cheese?  If that's your best prepared meal you have some issues.
3	Oh, if only the service had been better!The food was absolutely outstanding. I'm salivating just thinking about the prime rib, mashed potatoes, pork loin, mac & cheese and pasta. The dessert station was absolute heaven: gelato in a rainbow of flavors, dozens of tarts and pastries and a stellar selection of chocolates and berries. I thought I could easily pass out, I was so full by the end of the meal. However, next to where we sat stretched a long, raised banquet-style table. It was dirty and empty for our ENTIRE MEAL. Well over an hour! Dirty cups, plates, silverware, half-empty bottles... All just sitting there, staring at us. No one came to bus it. No one came to clear it. They just left it there. Superb food on our plates. Delicate crystal chandeliers hanging overhead. Enthusiastic staff in the kitchens and at the buffets. And trash staring at us as we ate.I'm sorry, but I expect a bit more pride-of-place in a restaurant that's going to charge me $50 for a meal.
3	This was my first time at the Wicked Spoon Buffet and I was super excited to see what it was all about. $35 bucks for dinner during the weekend. Definitely 5 stars for the decor, ambiance, food presentation and service at this place - it is quite uncommon for a buffet to have individualized portions for their selections of food - mini sized pots...super cute & creative! I was definitely in awe when I saw the decoration and presentation of food from the moment I walked in. Like any other buffets, I always browse the selection of food choices one round before preparing my first plate. Everything looked delicious - even something as simple as Cesar  salad was served in small portions. However, the food that day was just mediocre so I'd give it a 3.5 stars overall. CONS: I expected prime rib like I saw on yelp but it wasn't served that day. Instead, they had the new york steak which was a bit on the dry side and kind of tough to eat. No accompanying sauce was provided to provide the meat any moisture. I also tried the BBQ pork which I did not enjoy, the first bite left a really strong aftertaste...I didn't finish my slice. The Asian portion of the buffet was just okay - nothing you wouldn't find at a typical Chinese restaurant or can make at home! Fried rice, orange chicken, crispy chow mein, and stir fried clams (wasn't a fan of their sauce). The other item from here was the fried frog legs - I personally don't know how this tasted b/c I contemplated on trying it. Sushi selection was limited and simple - California rolls, tempura rolls and a veggie roll. Ohh and DO NOT even try the so called "pho" - they used the wrong noodles & the broth tasted so watered-down. My bowl was left untouched after the first spoonful. PROS: Their salad selection and deli section was pretty good. A lot of variety to choose from which was different from other buffets on the strip. I particular enjoyed and remembered the spicy shrimp salad - it was very savory and flavorful. Their dessert selection was very impressive. A lot of sweets to choose from - chocolate covered strawberries, ice cream, petite cakes, cookies, etc. I was looking forward to trying the macacrons but too bad they didn't have it the day I was there. Overall, I was full but wasn't fully satisfied after eating here. Maybe my second time here would be a better experience. I wished the food selection was more consistent so that anyone's first experience would be the same. I would come back for a second try when I visit again! Gourmet presentation but lacks gourmet food selection. Happy Eating =)
2	We ate here this morning for their brunch, and I didn't think it was good at all. I even told my bf that we should of went somewhere else. Oh well it was bearable. The best part of it was the desserts, and some of the asian food. I definitely want to try it again for dinner.
5	We went to The Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, kind of tucked away from everything else. We went for their breakfast Buffet which is 22$ per person, not at all an awful price. It includes your choice of drink, including champagne, mimosas or a bloody mary. I'm not a drinker but I tried a bit of the boyfriend's mimosa, while some would probably love it. I'm not one of those people. But the buffet I enjoyed. I tried to keep my head and only take little bits of EVERYTHING. One of the favorite things on my plate was the salted caramel pancake. It was a very subtle flavor but so good. In mini deep frying baskets (decoration only) they had fried chicken, recalling my good time at Hash House, I picked one up. The chicken was crispy and individual portion (I like when they do that so I can just sample-literally the night before I said I wish they would individually portion things so I know how much to eat) and so moist on the inside. Then there was the long line of sausages, homemade italian, chicken sausage, sausage patties, bacon, slab bacon, etc. It was overwhelming, I tried to take one piece of each. Slab bacon was a little bit more fatty than regular bacon, while I can see why people like it, it reminds me of ham, which I do not like but it was okay. Then buffets confuse me because it's like they have no concept of time, next to the breakfast food there is also pasta in small dishes and pizza, sushi, chinese food and dessert. I really enjoyed everything I ate, got full really quickly. How I wish I had tupperware on me...to steal food...what? It's not like you wouldn't do it too.On to the more important part, the dessert. I had a molten lava cake sitting in its individual pot with caramel at the bottom. It wasn't incredibly molten but it was so delicious. I practically licked it clean. I also had a chocolate covered strawberry which seemed to have toffee pieces on the side. Then a chocolate mousse inside of a chocolate bowl, topped with fruit. All of it was delicious. I even had a little bit of mango gelato from their gelato bar. Overall I can see how they would easily get crowded really fast. But they were amazing from start to finish.Also don't want to stick around? 16$ you can do a take out meal. Mind you, you don't get the full effect of the whole buffet atmosphere, you can't exactly come back for seconds, thirds, tenths, whatevers. But it's cheaper and I imagine might be easier during their busy hours.So the tips:Eat small bits of everything, your stomach and tastebuds will thank you.Try to go early or late, but avoid the rush.Make sure you save room for dessert.
5	I loved this place, great food! This buffet had me and my boys full ALL DAY!  Definitely a must stop when I hit Vegas now!
4	Me: Are we going to a buffet later?Her: "We could" spoon later.Me: ummmm, ok! (amazed and happy)Her: Yeah, it's at the Cosmo....Me: Oh shucks, you meant "WICKED" Spoon buffetHer: Yeah, what buffet were you thinking of?Me: ummm....yeah, wicked spoon (frown, walks away quickly) I don't go to buffets often...due to control issues.  I have been to several and usually get disappointed because they don't meet certain criteria that I look for in buffets....cleanliness, selection, and quality of food.  WSB excels in all areas. Personal servings are great and presentation adds a wonderful touch.  You can tell they take extra care in preparing their food.  I was a major fan of their carving station and impressed with all-you-can-eat bone marrow and fresh beignets in little deep-fry baskets.  I did expect more dessert items, but they did have a good assortment of gelato flavors.  WSB is one of the hottest buffets in town.  And their reputation precedes them.  For someone who normally hates buffets, this place is so worth the experience.  We went early on a Sunday evening and there was no line.  I also wanted to get back to the room early. wink wink.
4	I just love a clean buffet. That being said this was a good buffet, i dont want to say best because i havent tried m, bellagios, and bally's. This is also a fun buffet things come in baskets and pots and tiny chinese boxes! :) Sadly I was just too full to try the desserts. We came here when Super Bowl was just about to start so the line wasn't too bad but still took about half hr to get a seat. I suspect the line was considered short so be prepared to stand or have plan b. Ketchup lovers next to the fries they have bottles of ketchup. I don't always like to have to flag people down for ketchup so was good to have it accessible.
4	Love the modest portions, gives me the option of going back for more!
4	Tapas-style! I like the new concept of this place. The small plates allowed me to try everything. (not that buffet doesn't already do that, but it makes it feel more like a restaurant!)Anywho, they have a mac-n-cheese bar, where you can pick and choose what you want. What more could you ask for????In terms of flavor, I felt this place was great. However, I wished it had more seafood options.Will be going back this weekend!!!!
4	Even though I hate buffets, only because I ALWAYS eat to much and feel horrible, I came here.  This is by far the best one I've been to.  Better then; Bellagio, Wynn, Hard Rock, etc...  Awesome prices to!
4	My mom and I visited the Wicked Spoon buffet on our latest trip to Vegas.  The bus ride was really convenient since it stopped right in front of one of the entrances to the Cosmopolitan hotel.  The buffet is a far walk from the entrance, so that helped build up our appetites for the brunch we were heading to.  Brunch was $22 and included a mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne.  There was also a large bottled water on each table so you could serve yourself.  I liked how the dishes were portioned off.  I loved the angry mac and cheese (I had two servings of that).  The Asian slaw was also tasty.  The dressing was stellar and it had a little spice to it as well.  I was a little disappointed with the two pieces of shrimp cocktail though.  I had to take a few cups at a time to fulfill my cravings.  I didn't try any of the pizza or the other "Asian" choices.  I was full by the time I got my dessert, which included the popular chocolate-covered strawberries, a macaroon, and some mango gelato.  When I come back to Vegas again, I will definitely come back for a return visit to the Wicked Spoon.
3	I had never been to a Vegas Buffet before and did some extensive research beforehand through Yelp. It seems like Wicked Spoon is the highest rated Buffet in all of Vegas, beating out the Wynn and Bellagio. We arrived promptly at 5pm to avoid waiting in lines. In reality, if you arrive at 5:30pm, you will still not have a line and will not have to wait with all the other early birds.Although I thought everything was good, it just didn't meet me expectations. You feel like you are dining in a cafeteria, even though you are paying a pretty high price. There is nothing "gourmet" about the buffet besides the crab legs. Everything else is just your average food options, pizza, rice, some salads, other greasy things. I really liked how the food is presented. It is all pre-portioned out for you in cute ramekins. The dessert bar is where the "gourmet" plays in. If only the whole meal could be as delicately and thoughtfully prepared as the desserts this would be an easy 5 stars. They have a gelato station which was AMAZING; Super creamy and tons of different flavors. Chocolate covered strawberries were GMO at it's finest. Those were some MASSIVE strawberries!Would I come back? No. I doubt I will ever do Vegas Buffets again because it doesn't seem worth it for the price point. Especially when all my money is meant for the casinos!
5	Damn straight! Hands down the BEST buffet I've hit in Las Vegas. Housed right in the incredibly swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel and Resort (note to self: stay there next year) the food matches the vibe... all for a pretty fantastic price (only $22 for lunch).First off, the food is pretty spot on! I had blackened Cod and rice (perfectly flakey), bacon (good bacon not Costco pre cooked bacon), salad, mac and cheese, smoked salmon, sausage, Kalbi (yes Kalbi... my love for K-BBQ was fulfilled), and of course some fantastic dessert... gelato, macrons, pecan tart, chocolate covered strawberries, and apple cobbler. A bit much? Then again it is Vegas, I can always come back to my diet when I come home. The food was presented tapas style, small plates and mini pots. Overall it's got some serious character. This was a fantastic buffet and well worth the price of admission. The place is cute, the decor is nice and feels kinda swanky... sans the swanky price.I would go back again... and hey, next time I come round Vegas side, the Cosmo is where I'll stay...5 best-Vegas-buffet-by-far stars out of 5
3	Because there are thousands of reviews on here for one of Las Vegas' newest, most popular buffets in the very ritzy, sparkly, adult-Disneyland-esque Cosmopolitan hotel, I should really just sum up mine in one word: overrated. The plush decor and upscale presentation of everything in little individualized pots, pans, and bowls is aesthetically pleasing and adorable and all . . . but not only does the food fall a bit short and only serves itself as average at best, the novelty of that and first awed-impressions at the huge, huge variety of foods being served in different vessels wears off fast when you realize they've been sitting under heat lamps for hours, their contents being dried out. Definitely worth a try, if you haven't yet, though - just don't expect the creme de la creme of buffets. On the other hand, the desserts are decent (gelato, mini macarons, and a huge platter of chocolate covered strawberries - yum)Though, I may mostly be disgruntled that I couldn't be as much of a fatty as I wanted to be when arriving to dine here thirty minutes before they were shutting down their food service and felt/looked like a dumb ass having to run back and forth to my table numerous times because their plates could only fill all of 2-3 pots/items at once. Whatever, first world problems are still problems.
3	I wanted to try this buffet, but had decided not to based on the mixed reviews. Then I won a complimentary buffet through spinning the wheel at the Cosmopolitan. The husband didn't want to spend $22 to eat breakfast, so I went and ate there by myself the morning we were leaving, because hey, I'm not going to turn down free food at a place I kind of wanted to try.I got there at about 8:30am on a Wednesday morning and there wasn't a line. I was promptly seated by a pleasant hostess, who said my server would be with me in a couple of minutes. I waited...and waited...and waited. Finally she came back and said he would be a couple more minutes and would I like some coffee or orange juice? I said yes to the orange juice and she brought it back. I continued to wait for the server, as I wanted to order something else to drink. After about 5 more minutes of waiting, I got sick of it and decided to get some food. A few minutes after getting back to my seat, he finally came over to take my drink order. I believe the buffet was supposed to have included a glass of champagne, a mimosa, or bloody mary, but this was never offered to me, and I didn't see that on my receipt until the end of my meal. Oh well.As for the food, some hits and some misses. There were some inventive/unique items, which is always nice to see. They had some delicious chicken apple sausage, which I really enjoyed. I was so excited to see salted caramel pancakes, but they were not good at all, unfortunately. I had some gelato (yes, I know it was early, but it looked good), and it was delicious. Also had a mini strawberry smoothie which was very refreshing. I had some other stuff too, but I don't remember what it was.Overall, this buffet had some high points and low points...I didn't mind the lack of service TOO terribly since I didn't pay for the buffet, but I would have been pretty annoyed if I had. I am not sure if I would go back or not.
5	So glad we came here! Everything was soo yummy! And all you can drink Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's!!! : )
3	Im a little confused with this place. When the Cosmopolitan just opened at first, I went there and I absolutely LOVED IT...there were so many choices, and everything looked "gourmet" and it was like every dish was thought of and prepared carefully....but the second time I went, I was disappointed...It was just different, there were many things I did not like, and it seemed the buffet had grown "smaller"...I dont really like buffets in general, but i had heard so much about the over the top buffet at the Cosmo that I went....first time = great, second ( like a few months later = not so much)....the dessert section LOOKS yummier than it actually is....the sweets are beautiful to look at :) I guess it is worth going at least once!
4	The Wicked Spoon has to be my favorite buffet in Vegas.  It's an experience to go there and that's why I enjoy it so much.  I wanted so badly to give it 5 stars, but I could not due to just a few shortcomings.The Food:Wicked Spoon has some amazing selections.  Their salad bar is top notch.  They always have quite a few selections.  Everything tastes fresh and good.  They have the delicious staples of any high-priced Vegas buffet, such a prime rib and crab legs.  Both are delicious of course.  Other highlights include the pork tostadas and any fish dishes they have.  Although it wasn't out this time, I really enjoy their General Tsao's Chicken.The mac and cheese station fails in that the mac and cheese oddly enough comes out too cheesy.  No one who got something at that station liked it.  Unfortunately, I think they fail with many of their unique and obscure dishes that you probably wouldn't find at other buffets.  They put out these dishes in hopes of being different and appeasing to different tastes.  Unfortunately, the food is usually not too good.  And the fact that these dishes and rarely touched and pile up in the buffet line goes to show that not too many people are interested.  Most of the unpopular dishes can be found in the italian/pasta area.  I would hope that they track the popularity of their dishes and adjust accordingly.    They could come up with tastier offerings.The Dessert:Delicious!  The cookies are great.  The chocolate-dipped strawberries are good as well.  Although, I think they offer too many of the mini-cup desserts.  I'm sure those help them keep costs low, but they don't taste good.  The Drinks:I like that they leave the giant water bottles on the table and that they're cold.  They have a huge alcoholic beverage selection and also feature happy hours.The Service:Lacking.  We had the 18% auto-grat added as we had a party of 11.  I'm totally cool with paying that, as it's the norm everywhere in the US.  Unfortunately, the service did not match.  While our busser/server was pleasant, she rarely came by.  Our dishes would stack up and non-water drinks would get empty.  I think I saw for our area of about 50 tables to the right of the dessert station, there were only 2 bussers/servers.  This was a Saturday night AND St. Patrick's Day.  They were way over worked.  The buffet was busy but did not have a line to get in, so maybe that's why they were a little understaffed.  That would not keep me from coming back.  I am a water drinker and don't mind the dishes piling up.The Price:For $35, you get what you pay for.  I also liked the fact that they didn't jack up the price for St. Patrick's Day.  The M Buffet was $50!  Really?Overall, I like this buffet a lot and would recommend everyone try it at least once.
3	I may have had too high expectations for this place, or maybe I didnt realize how much the menu changes day to day.  After reading these reviews and looking at the pictures I was beyond excited to go here.  We went on a Sunday night around 6:30 and waited in line about 30 minutes.  It was due to shortage of staff though, not the amount of people there.I had many things I was looking forward too and sadly most of them were not offered on Sunday nights.  There was plenty of options but I had my heart set on a few items that were not available.  The presentation is the best part of this buffet.  It is absolutely adorable.  Everything was prepared with such effort, you could just tell.Some of my favorite items include: lobster ravioli, Chinese noodle salad, cioppino, and the salty peanut gelato.  My least favorite were the dried up Chinese dishes and the crab legs.  Def do not go here for the crab legs, they were small and not very tasty.I doubt I will come back, while it was reasonably priced there are just too many other places in Vegas!
5	The buffet in Bellagio's has always been my absolutely favorites and now I can say Wicked Spoon has become my new favorites!!!What make a buffet good is not only does it has to provides wide selection but it better taste good. And this is what I see in Wicked Spoon Buffet, lot of yummy food and it's delicious. The cutest part is their presentation of the food is absolutely adorable. If you are in Vegas, you gotta check out this buffet!
4	did you know you can make reservations at a buffet? at the wicked spoon you can (:  i planned our company dinner for here at 6 on a friday, and they let us make reservations in advance, had the entire table and errthing ready before we even got there.  20 dollars a bottle for the wine which aint bad at all.  i wasn't too big on the merlot, but the cab was really good.35 per person.i think more than taste wicked spoon is about presentation.  also, because everything is already pre-packed in single(hopefully) servings, it stopped me from over eating.. not sure if that's a good thing since i'm supposed to be getting my monies worth, but i'm sure my body was glad.they have a pretty good variety, from soul food, to asian, to greek.  the only thing i was blown away with was the taste of the meats.  the prime rib, the tri tip, the marrow, the ribs.. they were all sort of fatty and bland.  i had to put a really large amount of salt and pepper to get some sort of satisfaction from it.the dessert selection on the other hand was pretty legit, and this is coming from a non-dessert type of girL.
4	This buffet as a whole was pretty amazing! And the huevos were really good! Over a year ago and I still remember them well.
1	i have no idea how this place averages 4 stars on yelp.. this is the worst buffet i've ever been to in LV.. there's plenty of variety.. but everything is pretty damn piss poor.. the one saving grace is the gelato which was pretty damn good.. i would save your money and avoid this place
5	This place cost me 37.50 to eat, but I think it was totally worth the 20, 10, 7 dollar bills and 50 cent change!!! The dessert was great! It had a cheese section, a bread section, a salad section...along with your typical Asian cuisine section and your red meat american section! I would definitely keep coming back....whenever I go back to Vegas.....
4	Important to clarify my method for reviews.  I am a firm believer that each review is carried out on a relative scale.  That is, I don't compare a buffet to one of Bobby Flay's restaurants.  Five of us visited Wicked Spoon and were very impressed.  Good selection, great decor, nice variety and super service.  One gripe was that the food was a little lukewarm.  Seemed they were expecting their "normal" busy night and things were dead with the NCAA Tournament playing out during dinner time.  If I was in Vegas and seeking a buffet (that pretty much always happens) I would not hesitate to pay another visit.
3	I went back this weekend with a group of friends. Again in terms of flavor I think this place is a lot better than other buffets in Vegas, but it wasn't as special as I remember.  However, if you are like me... My review doesn't matter because I like to eat and try new things all time. So, JUST DO IT!!!
5	Words can't even describe how much I love this place. If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would, because it is off the charts!I am a sucker for presentation, and at Wicked Spoon, all the different kinds of foods are already portioned and amazingly presented for you, allowing you to try more things than you probably would at a typical buffet. I love the huge variety here - from Asian food to amazing breakfasts (I came here for brunch) to drool-worthy dessert selection...This is the one place I look forward to going to every time I think of Vegas.
5	I love you Wicked Spoon! ugh...they are my favorite buffet of all buffets! My sister got to experience it for the first time, for her birthday. That girl can eat so this place was perfect for her! The set is so upscale. At least to me. Pretty upscale for a buffet. Upscale buffet? Nice...We also got a nice bottle of red wine as well for $20. We just had to celebrate that way. I tried their mushroom truffle, their lobster pasta, and I freaked when I found out they had a mac and cheese station! Yes, i went a little crazy at the mac and cheese station. This time, I was able to REALLY try the dessert table. The ice cream and pastry chef was so friendly, fun, and enthusiastic! He helped us pick an ice cream and suggested some great things. So here's the scoop on the ice cream flavors (haha! scoop! pun was intended):blood orange-if you like grapefruit it tastes like grapefruit. Not strong grapefruit. a mild grapefruit.biscotti-tastes like a biscotti and is super delish! it goes GREAT with their molten lava cake.almond joy-need i say more? i thought so..that's it! get crazy here guys! it's well worth it!
5	We stayed at Vdara and were looking for a good, close-by place for brunch/lunch after a long night out. This place was PERFECT -- exactly what we were looking for. If you can stand to wait in the line (there was actually two, one line to pay (~$30 per person) and one line to get a table), it is totally worth it. The best buffet we had on the strip with delicious food.Most buffets just seem to throw a little of everything out and only make it mediocre, this place is totally different as everything comes in personal portions made in front of you. We caught the tail end of breakfast as the food was transitioning into lunch (the way to do it, in my opinion!) so we got to try everything!Lastly, the dessert bar is just amazing. Try and save some room for it, but it will be hard!Tip: If you're coming from Vdara/Aria/Citycenter, this place can be a little hard to navigate to. Walk outside, and down to the street level side of The Cosmopolitan under the tram and go in the side entrance where the limos arrive. Then follow signs up to the upper floors and Wicked Spoon.
2	Disappointing experience. I was really looking forward to trying Wicked Spoon, especially because the food comes in these small portions in a little skillet.Perhaps we went on an off-nite because the selection was extremely limited. Where was the little skillets of mac n cheese? Where were the king crab legs? (We got anorexic snow crab). Where were the huge prawns for the shrimp cocktail? $35++ per person and just a very limited selection of seafood = fail. Everything else was just potatoes and pasta in the little skillets.. or carb fillers as I like to call them. I wish I went back to my favorite Aria buffet instead.
4	So I've only been here 2 or 3 times, but every time boyfriend and I come here, we never catch the bone marrow we always want to try! We even have called ahead to make sure and they seriously NEVER have any left. Our friends rave about how yummy the broiled bone marrow is on bread. Sad!but anyways, the rest of the buffet is cute. I love the salads here. They are all made and portioned in the mini bowls. Truffled mac and cheese,  and cajun shrimp grits are really tasty.The portions are in little mini pots or bowls for a lot of the salads and hot entrees. There is a station where they make you fresh made macaroni and cheese with all the fixings! Must have! For weekend brunch they give you free mimosas :]Pretty much all their cute little mini dessert and gelato bar are always good and pretty in pictures even when you are already super full. $35 a person is worth the money. So I would say about $80 ish for two people to eat here.
3	Came here for brunch on a weekend and surprisingly not that long of a wait. Unfortunately the food was disappointing. LOTS of options from pho to omelets, but the saying "less is more" definitely applies to this situation. Instead of offering a ridiculous amount of flavorless food, the kitchen should eliminate some dishes and focus on making the food taste better. I literally had a bite of everything and the only things I enjoyed were the lox bagels (unless the salmon is bad you really can't go wrong with this) and a few desserts.
4	This place is like eating at a fancy restaurant in buffet form. I loved it! The restaurant, like everything in the Cosmo hotel, is decorated beautifully. You won't find the troughs of fettucini alfredo and Panda Express quality Chinese food here. You get amazing things like a variety of fancy cheeses, gnocchi with ricotta and lamb bolognese sauce, mac and cheese bar (I made a cheddar, goat cheese, asparagus, and caramelized onion mac and cheese and seriously wanted to lick the plate.... oh em gee), shepherd's pie, bone marrow, goat cheese ravioli with lobster broth sauce, truffled potato au gratin, rich soups (potato when I was there) and a wide selection of salad. All of these things were amazing! I also love that everything is in individual containers so the food doesn't mix together. This is genius! There were some misses on the buffet like the Chinese food (wasn't really my thing) and the spaghetti with lamb meatballs was good, but cold. Despite this, I definitely got my 35$s worth with all of the amazing things I had. THEN it was on to dessert. I think the best items were the chocolate lava cake (with coffee ice cream on top, as suggested by a very friendly employee) and the tiramisu in a chocolate cup. The chocolate cake was soooo goood, probably the best dessert I have had at a buffet. They also had HUGE chocolate covered strawberries in 3 different varieties. Of course, some of the desserts were not so hot, but that's the deal with buffets. I have been to several buffets in Vegas (Rio, Flamingo, Bellagio, Paris, Excalibur, etc)  and this was BY FAR the best. For maybe just a few dollars more, or even the same price, this place gives you much more for the money.
3	Overall this place looks really nice, great customer service too. However, food selection is not as good as bellagio, I would prefer to back to the bellagio buffet
1	Just back from the Wicked Spoon....It's definitely the WORST buffet I've ever been for dinner. Incredibly long wait in Line--Only to pay and then wait in a SECOND long line...about 1.5 hour wait.  $35 per person...Server never came back to ask if we needed refills on our drinks.....VERY LIMITED variety of food.  Don't GO...Don't believe all the HYPE that it's so great!!!!!. If you go, you'll regret it....
4	Weekday lunch buffet for $22? WHAT A DEAL! One star for being in an amazing hotel, one star for great service, one star for excellent quality in food, one star for just a very enjoyable meal.  Unfortunately, I did not feel the amazing variety that people have been raving about.  Next time, I definitely need to go on a weekend and for dinner. Overall: it was a great atmosphere to be around. Everything seemed so delicate and beautifully displayed. I love how the portions are divided up for you to prevent wasteful buffet-eaters (like myself). I love their gelato display! My suggestion is to bring a plate, and ask them to give you a little scoop of every gelato so you can try!
5	It's not about quantity with the brunch/lunch buffet, but it is about the quality. I haven't been happier with a quality buffet for $22.00 ever. We went on a weekday and actually savored the food. I'm known for ground and pound on some of buffets, but this was not one of those times. Almost everything comes in its own serving dish, bowl, etc., so that means less mess too. I got a complimentary Bloody Mary with the meal (you get that or a Mimosa). The salad bar has quite a few choices. We tried their Caesar, and a few others. All were tasty and really fresh. They had some amazing salami's, and Italian meats, as well as shrimp cocktail that is portioned out with two shrimp and sauce. The fried chicken wings were crispy, yet juicy and perfectly seasoned. The red beans and rice were flavorful and brought back memories of Louisiana. The fish was perfectly prepared, moist yet cooked thoroughly.  The Asiago stuffed gnocchi was amazing. The macaroni and cheese was exceptional with bread crumbs on top. The only thing I wasn't too amazed with was their Chinese food, so pass on that.The dessert bar is crazy. They have 18 flavors of gelato and you can ask for really small scoops to maximize your tasting adventure. This was the best buffet I've had in Vegas for the price.
2	$50 for two. So not worth it. Even if i was a obese tourist. Not worth it.
4	What a fantastic buffet!  And in my new favorite hotel, the Cosmopolitan!  For $22 you get the brunch time spread from 10-2 I believe.  This includes one free mimosa/champagne/Bloody Mary. Nice!I like the individually portioned foods here.  Such as the tacos, gnocchi, mac-n-cheese, and cobblers.  Also, the abundance of fixings that I had pretty much an entire plate of antipasto fixings made this girl super happy!Some of the food was a miss, but as a buffet, it made it easier to accept because there was much more to choose from!  Though I wish there was someone there to serve the gelato from the bar when we stopped in.  Sad and no gelato for me.  Just stared at me from behind the bar.Having been to the so-called best buffet at the Bellagio, I think Wicked Spoon wins in price, presentation and taste over that one!
4	Best buffet in Vegas. Morroccon Chicken, Black Cod. Salmon, smoked salmon, asparagus salad, beet salad, french toast, pastas, fried chicken, gelatos, pastries, cheese station, ny strip, lamb, mango sorbet Long line - and cost 29.95. Nice decor, will definitely be back.
5	My family was a little hesitant to go try Wicked Spoon since we hadn't been to a buffet in years (parents claimed that we don't eat nearly enough to constitute a buffet to be "worth it").  However, I had heard great things about this place and I was dying to go!  So, I finally managed to convince them to go around noon on a Wednesday.  Fairly short line (after all, it was mid-week).  For $22 a person, let's just say even my grandma insisted she had ate her money's worth.  You even get a free mimosa/champagne/bloody mary in that price, but we didn't take advantage of that.There is a WIDE variety of food options that are all pretty amazing: prime rib, sushi, eggs benedict, different fish (cod and smoked salmon), etc.  However, what was even better than the food was the dessert.  OMG OMG OMG.  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but boy, these desserts were amazing.  I had so many servings of the gelato that I'm pretty sure the guy scooping the gelato was wondering how much gelato we could eat.  And the mini desserts were cute and perfectly portioned so that we could try EVERYTHING.  I cannot wait to go feast there again!  :)
3	The presentation is quite adorable. Things come in portion sized pots, almost the size of kid sized toys. For the price it is a decent buffet. However, there weren't too many options that interested me for lunch. Few things that stood out for me:Angry Mac n Cheese - It has a hint of a spicy flavoring and not ridiculously cheesy. Gelato (Salted Caramel Peanut Butter, Blood Orange, and Mango) - You can get these in a waffle cone if you like or just get them in a small bowl. They even serve it in a smaller scoop so you can try more flavors.  - Salted Caramel is nice and sweet. The peanut butter was not overpowering.  - Blood Orange is tangy, but bitter at the same time. Reminds me of a grapefruit. - Mango is delicious. It taste like real mangoes and doesn't taste artificial at all.
3	For about $29, you achieve access to a buffet of deliciousness. For around $40, you get the golden ticket along with unlimited bloody marys or mimosas!Came here last Saturday around 12:30 p.m. and waited an hour. First, you line up to pay; then, you line up for someone to bring you to your table. The good part about this is that you don't have to fight for a table.I'm not one to obsess over buffets, because I get entirely too full to truly qualify the food. It's like waking up with a hangover and trying to remember the best drink you had. Or maybe this just goes to show that Wicked Spoon was not truly memorable. Either way, the food was like traditional American food with a more delicious twist.PROS:*Omelet made fresh to order! The chef stuffed that thing with all the veggies and sausage, then layered cheese and avocado on top. Boy was that thing a meal in itself!*Angry Mac & Cheese: Your traditional mac and cheese with a fancy twist. It had a crunch to it, though I was not sure what ingredients they used.*Dessert! The strawberries dipped in chocolate and oreos were sooo rich, in a good way. Plus, you normally pay $4 for one alone, so this was a steal!*Food explanations: A TV screen flashes the different foods you can pick along with a description. It sure provides knowledge of what you're getting into!CONS:*The wait time. 1 hour on a Saturday? Should be expected, but still, I had to run over to Va Bene Caffe to suppress my angry tummy.IN SUM:Visit here, because everyone talks about it and you might as well try it yourself. It's a good buffet, though there was nothing I particularly fell in love with, but I'll come back for dinner to try their mac & cheese bar.
5	not a huge buffet person. People always want to eat buffets in Vegas and its the same mediocre crap shoveled into a tray left under a heating lamp till refilled.Wicked spoon was our 2nd buffet of the trip and I was a little unenthusiastic over the thought of more crap food in large quantities.Wicked spoon is a GREAT buffet. Probably the best I've ever been to. Service was pure crap and I never got my ginger ale but whatever. The food is served on little individual dishes perfect for a small tasting so you don't fill up your plate and stomach with bleh food.I definitely suggest checking this place out. The food is actually delicious, its cheaper than bellagio buffet and the atmosphere is like a real restaurant. Also the chefs behind the food are helpful and extremely friendly (gluten allergies)
2	This was not the much ballyhooed buffet I'd been reading about. Who are these people who thought it was terrific?  I have been buffet dining Vegas style for many years and this one is just in the ho-hum category.We had the lunch buffet on Monday March 26 which was not crowded.  Not much of a salad bar to speak of.  Caesar salad and shrimp cocktails were served in small individual dishes.  There was a good variety of fruit but the bread selection was sparce.  They had a toaster set up on the counter to toast your own bread which I've only seen in those motel breakfast included places.Eggs Benedict were cold and the egg white uncooked.  I was afraid to take more than one bite.  French toast was cold too.  Bacon was palatible.  Hash browns with cheese & carmelized onions was very tasty though.Main courses were served in the individual small pans such as mac & cheese, raviolli, chicken wings etc. Prime rib was just so- so..  I've had better at the coffee shop at Silverton!  Desserts were terrific though.  This was the shining moment of the meal.There was a small pastry floating in delicious caramel sauce, lava cake, chocolate mousse, cheesecake, pecan tarts & apple tarts.  All were deserving 5 stars.The Three of us in our party all agreed on one star for the rest of the buffet.  Decor was drab with subdued lighting casting a dingy look.  For the finest buffet we've had, go to Mandalay Bay.  In our opinion it's the best on the strip!  This one won't get a return visit from us.
3	Although not generally a big fan of buffets I was a bit intrigued by the seeming 'competition' between Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, and Wynn for having the 'best buffet on the Strip'.  Ratings for all three seemed pretty similar, with each one having people who insisted it was the best of the three no matter what others say.  I'm pretty sure I am not going to visit all three buffets on this trip because I just am not that big on buffets, but I figured I would visit the closest one to my hotel, which was Wicked Spoon.  (Close being relative, it took 45 minutes from my room at the MGM Grand to walk there).  My verdict - it has a few gems, but I would still far rather eat at a nice regular restaurant because the average of all the items was 'decent', not 'great'.  This was at breakfast, there assuredly is a different selection later in the day, but overall I do not have high hopes that the quality was better then.Here's what I tried, from what I can remember -Very good:Gelato (the Almond Joy is as good as people say)Good:Goat cheese ravioli (this one has mixed reviews, but I liked it)Spicy crab roll (not the best I've had but it had nice flavor, I must have gotten a fresh one)Cheesy hash brownsMediocre:Angry mac 'n' cheese (bland and too milky)Spaghetti (bland)Kalbi (too tough, and the sauce had the totally wrong flavor)homemade italian sausage (too greasy)puffy pastry with fruit and cream on it (the fruit and cream was good, the pastry itself tasted stale-ish)Belgian waffle with amaretto ricotta(?) -- sounded a lot better than it tastedBad:Fried rice on the chinese buffet - took one bite and decided it wasn't worth it.Stuff I didn't try because it looked icky - mainly the pizza and other Chinese selectionsI never got a piece of prime rib because it was always being cooked, and I didn't have time to wait (or got full before it was done).  The server never refilled my soda, but there was a nice bottle of water on the table so I wouldn't have gone thirsty.  So as I said before, it wasn't horrible, but it really isn't great and if you can afford it your dollars are better spent at one of the many nice sit-down places in town.  If Bellagio and Wynn buffets are of similar quality, I doubt I'm missing much there either.  In retrospect, I think I actually preferred the buffet in the north side of town that I reviewed the other day, that was $9.99 and not pretentiously fancy.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite buffets in vegas. Actually anywhere! The top are I feel pretty obvious to everyone, M resort and wynn.  I haven't had bellagio so I cant say.... Each dish was served in small little portioned plates, pots and dishes which were cute and boosts the feel for the buffet to a more upscale feeling. Along with the posters and ambiance of a place. I see a lot of complaints on the service here, but we received pretty good service from some really hipster looking, upbeat server. He was actually very attentive and personable which was really impressive for a buffet. Meh, I guess service is a hit or miss here. The foodddd!!! I cant say everything was great, but mmmmm  the cod, beignets with chocolate sauce, crab legs, bone marrow (bf says was surprisingly good), prime rib, egg drop soup,  were all agreed upon a consensus that they were something we all had to try. The spicy tuna roll was meh, I've never had great sushi rolls at any buffets, and this was not an exception I guess. I was so full by the time I was ready for desserts but the chocolate covered strawberry and gelatos were yummy! Couldn't manage to fit everything in my tummy so I couldn't finish :/ But yeah good feasting! Cant say it was exceptionally the best buffet, but it is one of the better ones on the strip.
3	This place was OK they have a wide range of desserts but the food was lacking. I felt like they didn't offer a variety like most buffets do. The food was very very mediocre nothing special standing out. They had food there that you could find everywhere else.However the dessert was heavenly, there are huge chocolate covered strawberries and other desserts that are ascetically pleasing and also delicious.
5	Sometimes I have dreams about eating at the Wicked Spoon and can't help but claim that this is truly the best buffet that I have ever been to.  There is some pretty stiff competition when it comes to buffet dinning in Vegas, but this place hands down takes the cake!  Love having various food stations offering petite portions of delicacies from around the world.  Presentation of each dish was splendid.  Specialty items are served in specific vessels to give you that high class dinning experience with out the pretentiousness.  The quality of the food is everything you could ask for and beyond.  The attention to detail from the taste, temperature, presentation, and service was spot on, which is why this five star rating should be honored.  Who knows... I might just end up taking a quick round trip flight straight back to the Wicked Spoon if the cravings start to reach a certain level of intensity:)
4	There are so many reviews here!!! So I do believe that this is my favorite buffet so far, and it's because of the whimsical nature of the buffet. The food is unique, and they are placed in cute individualized dishes: fried chicken in mini baskets, rissoto in mini pans, chow mein in to-go-boxes. I love how things are portion controlled so you don't scoop a ton onto your plate.  Great options for dessert.  You don't come here for seafood sadly, stick to Bellagio or Rio.I came here for breakfast and dinner, yes it was a little much. Here are the highlights of what I ate:Breakfast- Bacon slab - OH DAMNNN- Short rib benedict - Pecan french toast - Chocolate covered strawberries Dinner- Mac and cheese bar- Truffle rissoto- Bone marrow
3	I was seriously thinking about giving this place two stars but my husband reminded me that the price was actually pretty reasonable for Vegas.  I compare all Vegas buffets to the Champagne brunch at the Bellagio, which is pretty amazing. But you pay for it. Really, my main problem with Wicked Spoon was that I wanted breakfast but they had mostly lunch/dinner items in their "brunch" service.  There was just one guy at the omelette station and he was working his a$$ off because at 11am in Vegas most people are just barely waking up and that was the only egg option in the buffet.  They also had some pancakes that looked like they had been sitting out way too long and some waffles which I tried but didn't finish because they were really soggy.I like the concept of the small individual portions instead of the huge trays like most buffets.  It is visually much more appealing. But don't fool yourself into thinking that they didn't prepare that dish in bulk and then plate it up and leave it under the heat lamps for an hour. You can tell that after the first bite. Some of the items were room temperature which is not good. They weren't too busy when we were there so maybe that's why? I don't know, I guess that's a problem for all buffets. It didn't stop me from getting some of the Mac and cheese in the cute little skillet or edamame in the chinese takeout box.
5	I have to come here again when I've starved myself for at least a day. Everything I had here was delicious and the portions were perfect. Only $22 for lunch so it's an excellent deal for Vegas. Had a burger for about that much at Holstein's, also at the Cosmo.
3	We made it barely before closing (no line!)- I didn't expect a Vegas buffet to close at 2pm, especially when that's when many are waking up after a long night. The brunch buffet comes with a complimentary glass of champagne or mimosa, which I thought was nice. The items here are much daintier and interesting that the Bellagio buffet. I'm personally not excited by waffles and scrambled eggs, and they had more lunch items on the line. There was a great (but salty) house cured thick slab bacon, cute little skillets of goat cheese ravioli, cold salads of asparagus with tarragon vinaigrette, neat individual portions of smoked salmon, and Moroccan chicken. The best part was the dessert section. The desserts were actually good! They had macaroons (yum!), little cups of desserts (the one that looks like tiramisu with crunchy bits in the middle was pretty decent), chocolate covered strawberries, and an entire case of gelato that they serve, not a machine. Don't be shy here- they give you a cute little scoop spoon, so you can try more flavors. I'd probably say 3.5 stars, but I rounded down because the carving station guy was terrible. He was grumpy and rude when asking people what they wanted. He expects your plate to be ready to catch the sausage... mine wasn't, and he ended up flinging the sausage at my shirt leaving a stain.
3	Whent there tonight at 4:05 pm for dinner and became the first in line.  The selection of food is only ok. The good: the potato au gratin with truffle, salmon with risoto, tomato risoto, escola fish with grape, macaroni bar, gelato and the dessert chocolate cup with cream mousse.The bad: New York steak from the carving station, bone marrow that taste like fat, lack of macaron.  The put the same dessert in two trays to make up for the lack of variety. They have a wine card system that let you get different wines from a dispensing machine.  $15 gives you $35 credit of wine.  When I was paying, I asked them about  the ad for wine card on the wall and they told me that they ran our of the cards tonight and can't sell that to me.  Then, they call me back before going in and said that they've managed to find one card.  It was fun trying different kinds of wine, even though I probable only drank $15 worth of it.I got so full but I wonder perhaps other buffets can be better.  Or, the 3 of us should have spend the money at a good restaurant and be happier.
4	Definitely the most ornate buffet I have ever been to in my life! They really go out of their way to make every single dish have a nice presentation as if it were food made for a nice sit down restaurant. A lot of the dishes were set in cute individual plates or mini pans rather than a big heated serving tray you find at most buffets.When it comes to Vegas I kind of expect everything to be grand and most of the items here we're with the exception of the dried out wimpy crab legs :-(. The sushi was also very....simple....basic....amateur? The rolls would consist of very basic ingredients such as "green bean roll" or "cucumber roll" definitely not the place for a sushi connoisseur. My favorite part about about this place when it comes to entrees would probably have to be the juicy prime rib & juicy pork loin. Desert is hands down the best thing about this place. My suggestion? Come here with a bunch of your desert loving friends and do a desert buffet :-).
3	Went on a Saturday for brunch.  Thought the selection was great, but disappointed in the meats.  Tried the Korean BBQ ribs, NewYork strip roast, pork belly - all were tough, chewy, salty.  Eggs benedict and desserts were awesome.  Might go back again for dinner - not for brunch.
5	This buffet is a must-try!  See for yourself!
3	I was really excited to see such great yelp reviews.  I LOVE brunch and I LOVE dessert and from the photos I've seen here, I was super ecstatic to try this place out.  My boyfriend and I headed out around noon on a Wednesday.  Silly us, of COURSE there will be a SUPER long line, even on a weekday.  ARGH!  I walked up to the cashier to ask how long the wait is and she told me it would be a 45 minute wait to PAY.  She then pointed to me ANOTHER line where you wait to get seat. I'm looking at a close to 2 hour wait.You mean there are 2 lines I have to wait in not one, but TWO lines!?! This was worse than Disneyland...Well we were already there and we were hungry and I wanted to try this place out.  So I thought I was smart by having my boyfriend wait in line to pay and I wait in line to get seated (or vice versa).  I was getting nervous because I hear they stopped serving food at 2 and it was already 12:30ish.  So by the time I was in front of the line to get seated....and after letting some people go in front of me, my boyfriend finally paid!  But by this time my line was already super short...so my plan to split up into 2 lines didn't actually work.  Oh well.  I was a happy camper though by the time we got seated! DRINKS:I got mimosas and since my boyfriend doesn't drink I got his as well!  So I had them get him an orange juice, hehe.FOOD - SAVORY: The food was amazing! So much brunch foods to choose from and they were ALL yummy and very great quality!  I had the mac n cheese, the french toast, the eggs...probably more. FOOD - SWEET:Beautiful deserts but they tasted mediocre.  I feel the deserts is just for show.  I had some gelato and it was ok.  However, perhaps the best desert that I had there was their simple chocolate chip cookie.  Dont get distracted by all the pretty cute deserts there!  HAVE A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE!  It was warm and a bit crispy and it tasted fresh.  Simple, yet amazing.SERVICE:Service was great!  The guy who served was was so nice!  I think we were limited to just one drink but he gave my boyfriend an OJ after I took his mimosa hehe.ATMOSPHERE: It's FANCY here!  They have so crazy fancy chandeliers here!  This places looks so new and so nicely decorated!  Perhaps the most beautiful buffet I been to!Overall, even though the food was amazing I don't think it was worth the wait.  I remember waiting in line and peaking through the window and I saw LOTS of empty tables...place wasnt even packed!  Am I getting in line to get into a club lounge?  $22/person is not a bad price considering you get a drink too.  I don't regret coming here though, but if you're the type who needs to eat right away and don't like waiting...I don't rec. coming here :]
3	Usually the thought of buffets is enough to gross me out. I would rather have one perfectly conceptualized brunch item, than 100 over indulgent and poorly executed items.However, I was really impressed with this weekend brunch Buffet housed inside the Cosmopolitan.The wait was long on a sunday....like really long. 30 minutes to pay, THEN you have to go to another line where you wait to be seated, this second line took almost an hour. At this point, you couldnt turn around because you had already paid.We went to the Wynn earlier in the week, and I definitely liked this buffet better. I left the Wynn feeling greasy and cold. The wicked spoon however did a much better job with their offerings. Conceptually it was warm, modern, and inviting. The food. We had a large group, so I was able to taste a little bite of everything.Since I believe you should alway start with dessert, shall we review first? A full gelato case....I love gelato! Also the chocolate covered strawberries, cake ball with gold dusting, and the apple cobble were very good.Breakfast foods: The french toast was to die for, but it goes fast! Also the eggs benedict was pretty rocking. I didnt try any of these, but they also have a full bagel and lox station, as well as, fresh omelettes, fruit, and biscuits/gravy.Lunch foods: Wasnt a big fan of the asian food offerings, but the Bahn Mi was okay. Sushi was weak. The lamb carving station though...hold on I need a second, just thinking about my perfect slice of lamb. YUM! The angry mac and cheese was too spicy for me, but the mini shrimp cocktail cups and the cheese station were nice.Havent gone to the bellagio brunch so I cant compare...but for $29, I really liked Wicked Spoon (an extra $10 for unlimited mimosas and bloodies). Just make sure you have enough time to wait in line....
3	First off, my rating would be 4.5 for the food, but it is actually 3.5 (even though it only shows a 3).  I found them to be severely understaffed.  It didn't appear to be the staff's fault, they were doing what they could, but there were MANY dirty tables and a huge line outside.  Also, it took a long time to get drink refills and plates cleared.  If we would have been at the Aria Buffet, those things would have been taken care of on the spot.Again, the food is great, but I couldn't let the service go un-noticed.
1	After reading the reviews here on yelp we were pretty excited to try this buffet.  Well it was a big disappointment.  If you only want something fancy to look at this place is for you.  Many of the items are very uniquely displayed in little pots, or basket.  Otherwise, my advise is to skip it.  The food wasn't very good.  Nothing was labeled, and there wasn't as many choices as most of the buffets on the strip.  The line for the omelet bar was about 20 minutes long.  They also had some breakfast taco, but no sour cream.
4	Excellent food choice, diversity and quantity.  I would have given 5 stars but the Wicked Spoon Buffet was severely understaffed.  Lines waiting to pay to get in. Then a longer line to wait to eventually be seated.  Once seated, the servers were covering too many tables and if you wanted another drink or our case, check out, it was a 15 to 20 minute wait.You get one mimosa or bloody mary with brunch.  If you want unlimited, it is $8 more. we paid $22 per person for brunch.Overall the food was excellent and I would recommend it. It's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan.
5	We went to the brunch on a Thursday in early April right when it opened at 8 am.  We were second in line.  When we left around 9:45 am there was still no line.  So I think it's a safe bet that you can easily get in before 10 am without waiting.The decor is very modern and upscale.  We preferred the decor of the Wynn buffet, but everyone has their own individual taste.  We're in our 50's, so the WS decor might appeal to a younger customer.  We noticed that the tables seemed to be rather close to each other compared to other buffets.Our server was very attentive.  He checked back with us at least 5-6 times during the course of our meal.It was surprised to see customers eating a banana, toast, or a box of cereal at this buffet.  For $22, take advantage of the fantastic selection of brunch foods.I tried out small samples of many different breakfast items.  My husband and I split the larger items.  We loved everything we tried with the exception of the Korean short ribs (too tough) and slab bacon.  The pecan french toast was especially yummy.  Our favorites were the scrumptious bakery treats.  They were flaky and beautifully prepared.Conclusion:  This was the 5th buffet we tried out during our stay.  It was tied with the breakfast buffet at the Wynn as the best.  I would highly recommend the Wicked Spoon.  Everything about it is gourmet.
4	The selection here is mind boggling. I've eaten at several buffets in Vegas, and most of them are perfectly acceptable. The Wicked Spoon sets a new standard for this class of restaurant. The food is very very good, and some of it is just beautiful. Great quality, too.There weren't very many servers there (for beverages, etc.), which meant coffee, etc. didn't arrive until we were already eating. That was a little inconvenient, but not the end of the world.
4	First meal after we hopped off the plane!! I heard a lot about this place from my sis, and I was like: gotta try it out!We got there at 10:30am, and there were a few groups lining up already. We paid around $23 per person, and took us about 15 min to get seated. The waiter was very nice and asked us what we would like to drink right away. So we got up and went to the food..... OMG!!!! There were so many choices! The clamps, my friend literally went for 6 rounds just for that! I absolutely love the French toast, perfectly cooked with perfect amount of nuts! I love the Mac n Cheese as well. For vegetables, definitely go for the grilled asparagus from the salad bar!! All the other food were awesome! For dessert.... I'm totally lost in the sweet wonderland, SO MUCH CHOICES. Okay.... ladies, you all are going to have a really hard time fighting your desires of wanting to try everything. Huge ice-cream and pastries selection! It was a super awesome experience and I will definitely come back again!First meal after we hopped off the plane!! I heard a lot about this place from my sis, and I was like: gotta try it out!We got there at 10:30am, and there were a few groups lining up already. We paid around $23 per person, and took us about 15 min to get seated. The waiter was very nice and asked us what we would like to drink right away. So we got up and went to the food..... OMG!!!! There were so many choices! The clamps, my friend literally went for 6 rounds just for that! I absolutely love the French toast, perfectly cooked with perfect amount of nuts! I love the Mac n Cheese as well. For vegetables, definitely go for the grilled asparagus from the salad bar!! All the other food were awesome! For dessert.... I'm totally lost in the sweet wonderland, SO MUCH CHOICES. Okay.... ladies, you all are going to have a really hard time fighting your desires of wanting to try everything. Huge ice-cream and pastries selection! It was a super awesome experience and I will definitely come back again!
4	Apparently, this buffet seems to be the top contenders for best buffet in Vegas. PRICE:The Wicked Spoon is slightly less expensive for all meals, but your savings will amount to about $3 per person.  AMBIANCE and PRESENTATION:I'm not sure what the theme of Wicked Spoon is.  It has metallic ornaments hanging from the ceiling and I'm not sure what they're supposed to be or represent or how it compliments the name of "Wicked Spoon".  The rest of the dining area is kind of dark and woodsy.  Overall, the ambiance  is kind of random and haphazard. But then because it is in Cosmo, the environment is kinda gorgeous. However, the use of mini skillets and cups containing smaller portions of food.  While I like this approach as a means of controlling the size of my portions, it gets annoying placing these items in my plate with other items.  I have no idea how many people have touched those containers and I certainly don't want them touching my other foods.  Additionally, those containers are bulky and take a lot of space on my plate.  FOOD VARIETY:  Lack of decent salad bars, which offered 2 choices of premade salads in small bowls. Which is okay for me because Im not really a salad girl. The appetizer/ hor'derve/ pre-meal area consisted mostly of different types of breads, small cups of shrimp cocktails (2 small shrimps per cup). The breakfast station offered pancakes and french toast and then as I walked a half foot further I saw tacos and Mexican dishes.  In between the breakfast and Mexican station was a section for toppings for both pancakes and tacos.  As I mentioned before, Wicked Spoon was way too haphazard in its presentation and organization.  There was an Italian station where you could have a pasta cooked in front of you with your favorite ingredients by a chef.  They also had an omelet station, crepe station, and panang station where you could also make the aforementioned items cooked to your specifications.   The Wicked Spoon offers a lot of meat at the meat station and they have large cuts of bacon, ham, sausage, lamb,  prime rib, and Korean BBQ and some turkey thing covered in teriyaki sauce. They also had crappy sushi that I didn't touch  and some Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches, which I wasn't interested in because it was pork based.  oh, they also have miso soup at this station.Wicked Spoon offer a diverse and tasty variety of desserts. There's plenty of dessert pics so you can see for yourself what Wicked Spoon has to offer.  I recommend the cheesecake.  The cookies were rock hard and inedible.  The gelato was mediocre.  SERVICE:  CONCLUSION: The Wicked Spoon is all hype.  I attribute the high reviews to a large number of female reviewers who enjoy trendy new things and tasty desserts. Overall, I was thrilled with the value and the variety of Wicked Spoon.  I will clearly be coming here again, but for true seafood lovers, I can see them liking Bellagio, Wynn, or Sterling more. they don't seem to have my macarons and my chocolate cones!
4	the decor of this buffet is expresses that modern artistic flare which matches the theme of the hotel as a whole. the prices for the meals are pretty high, but then again it is quality food you will be receiving as compared to other all you can eat restaurants with lower standards to food preparation. i especially like the concept that each dish is individually placed in small container so that the flow of traffic runs smoothly. the portions of these individual dishes are a good amount to first try them and if you want more you can continue to grab as many as you desire. thus preventing wastefulness of dishes that you didn't find so appealing. of course the dessert table is fully loaded with amazing delicacies, but don't let my sweet tooth be the one to judge. i would consider this place to be something i would do again on a yearly basis.
4	good buffet! I went on Easter Sunday 2012 at about 10AM and there was NO LINE and HARDLY ANY WAIT! i don't know if i got lucky or what, but i didn't have to wait for anything. We were seated right away and were eating before you know it! the food was alright, the french toast is amazing! they have a lot of buffet seafood options (sushi, rice, etc) to top it off they have a million different things for dessert. i guess this is what makes this buffet top notch. They have a gelato deli that you can get any ice cream you want and com back for however much you want. people are ranting about their desserts! great buffet to visit at least once while in vegas!
4	LOVE this buffet and I am not the biggest buffet fan in the world.  My girlfriends and I went to eat brunch and had a lovely time.  For the most part the food was delicious and the service was decent (somewhat slow and forgetful).Things I LOVED* Ambiance and cleanliness* Unlimited Champagne and Bloody Marys at brunch* Seared Salmon* Goat Cheese Ravioli (YUM!)* Lox*French Toast* ALL the gourmet desertsMy faves were the chocolate Tiramisu cups and chocolate covered strawberriesThings that were blah* The wait was ridiculous over an hour* I drank 6 Bloody Marys and should have been buzzed* A couple items were mediocre, but the really tasty ones made up for those ;)
5	Yay for Yelp - I never would have found this otherwise.  Wicked Spoon puts all the other budgets to shame. No, you can't do everything perfectly at a buffet that feeds thousands everyday, but almost everything was awesome.  Succulent lamb, amazing veggies and raviolis with goat cheeses were highlights. I went for brunch 2 days in a row w/bottomless  mimosas.  Service was great too. Highly recommended!
5	In noticing that many of the reviews for this place come from frequent "Vegaseers," I wanted to drop some knowledge from the other end of the spectrum.  I've been to Las Vegas only twice.  That's two times.  One, two times.  The first was over New Years (and don't even get me started on the ridiculous omg-I-like-so-totally-almost-died bit).  The point is, my friends and I were searching for a both delicious and memorable way to usher in the new year.  Thanks to the magic of smart phones and Yelp, we ended up deciding on The Wicked Spoon.  It was the mac and cheese bar that pushed us over the edge into spoon territory after a sweat-inducing process of elimination.When we got there, the line was kind of long, but what do you expect on New Year's Eve in one of the biggest party towns in the nation?  But the wait and the $40-ish that we had to deal with were quickly wiped from my memory as soon as I put the first wicked spoonful into my mouth.The food is incredible.  I've been to great buffets before, but this one ran circles around even the revered Castaway in Burbank, CA.  And it's not just the taste, but the variety of food.  I've never seen such a spread prepared with such care for the culinary arts.  That sounds cheesy, and avoiding all possible "cheese" puns right now, I'm just gonna say that every bite of food literally felt crafted with a love for cooking.  It's true.  And as excited as I was for the mac and cheese bar, I hardly even had any of it.  I was too busy trying small helpings of, well, everything.  They have fresh beef and chicken that they slice off the bone for you, and it's juicier than most fine restaurants I've been to.  The potatoes are ridiculous.  And even the pita and hummus was something I went back for.And the desserts.... Oh, the desserts.  Where to begin?  The chocolate covered strawberries.  This is coming from someone who worked at Godiva for a year and personally hand-dipped berries every morning.  The strawberries are amazing.  Dipped in chocolate and then rolled in either peanuts or Oreos, they're just so fresh.  And a huge selection of mini raspberry cheesecakes, apple pies, eclairs, dulce de leche... Saving room for dessert is a challenge in itself, but well worth the grueling effort.So needless to say, on my second trip to Las Vegas this past weekend, The Wicked Spoon was at the top of our list for a Saturday night dinner.  Vegas is a city filled with chance takers, but I'd rather gamble with my money than with my stomach.  The Wicked Spoon was sunshine and fairies and care bears and Chuck Norris in food form, so why try anything new and risk disappointment?
2	Tried this buffet for dinner based on the wonderful reviews here on Yelp.  Wasn't impressed - long lines at the main course table, and by the time you picked up the little individual serving of vegetables and made it to the meat or chicken station everything on your plate was cold.The variety and recipes as noted here are different and that's definitely in keeping with the Cosmo atmosphere - if you bring kids and they want pizza, chicken fingers and the like, you're out of luck here (and that's totally cool, just be aware).  Pizza is there, but it's white clam pizza, Mac & cheese is there but it's "angry" - with a spice kick.All in all, the actual quality of the food was subpar, the offerings were lukewarm to cold, and the drink service was glacier slow and uppity - geez, it's a BUFFET, no need to be all snooty.Glad we tried it, but still prefer the Wynn, Bellagio and even Mandalay Bay.
4	I recently revisited Wicked Spoon after reading more positive reviews.  They offer brunch M-F too for $22.99 (new).  I highly recommend their brunch.  I went there over easter weekend.  The lines was short at 11:30am and it pays to pay with a credit card because I got to the self check out line and got a table in short minutes.  The food was great, especially tri tip, baked fried chicken, kalbi ribs, pizzas, salads, desserts.  I also had a free mimosa or bloody mary since it came with brunch. By 12:30pm, the line was long for getting a table so I am glad I got there early.
5	One of the most spectacular Buffets you can ever experience, even by Las Vegas standards.I honestly don't think there was a dish that I didn't like, and I certainly tried to try them all.  Some items were standard-fare that were delicious without any particular twist to them, like the Korean BBQ short-ribs, but that doesn't earn you the coveted 5th star, it really was the unique items that did it for me.  Items like the Wicked mac-&-cheese and Wicked fried chicken have a unique, delicious twist to them. Here's a tip: if you see something that is served on its own little special container, try it!And of course, the desserts, oh my god the DESSERTS!!! A magical medley of tiny-portioned gourmet cakes, souffles, pastries, fudges, cookies, and if that isn't enough they've got like 12 different flavors of gelato.
4	I was expecting a lot from the Wicked Spoon after reading some of the reviews.  I would have been much better off going in blind, so to speak.  What was I expecting?  I was expecting a much bigger selection of food.  THE BUFFETT of buffetts.  That was my only gripe about the place.  I particularly liked the bone marrow with chimichurri on crackers, the prime rib, and the shrimp.  Mmmm shrimp.  As for the dessert, you have got to try the salted peanut caramel (?) gelato!  One of the best combinations of salty, sweet, creamy ever created by man!!!
3	Service: Good :)Food: OK.I've tried this place twice now... even though both times I was superrr hungry, I still didn't really enjoy it. The food is in cute little dishes, but none of them "tickled my fancy". Their selection isn't that great for the price. I think the only thing I actually liked there was the prime rib, but even so, it's sometimes overcooked.
5	It's the best on the strip so far! My husband and I had a brunch buffet right after we landed, and we got blown away how great the food quality was. And then we go again 2 days later for dinner buffet, it was still as satisfying. We love everything they offered on the buffet table, the entrees were put in individual containers so that you don't over-eat one particular item. This is very good because we could make sure that we have enough room to try everything in a right portion.The dessert was awesome too. They have 18 different flavors for gelato, and every other dessert items were all awesome. They have macaroons, and the chocolate desserts are very very rich and lovely. The pastry during the brunch time was very delicious and great flaky texture. The prime rib was the bomb. We ate many pieces. The carving chef was polite and nice. We told him medium well and he didn't hesitate and put the meat on the grill to grill it to medium well. Sometimes we don't need the meat to be grilled and get to have a medium well piece right off the chunk. The meat tasted so good either grilled or not grilled. The meat quality itself determined the flavor already and they did put a nice quality of meat out there. They also have a bottle of water on the table so you can have refill without waiting for the server. The water tasted very fresh and good too.It's a very impressive buffet and we love it. We will go back there again and again!
4	I loved the wicked spoon buffet! There were so many delicious unforgettable items and I also like the tapas style buffet. Why did I dock  star? Because there were a few things I wasn't too fond of (green curry noodles, tomato pasta). Here are the items I did like though:Pork tostada- YUM. Normally I don't really like Mexican food but the meat was so flavorful, the tostada crispy and just overall sooo yummy. Tomato cioppino soup with mussel- This was my absolute favorite of the night. A creamy tomato soup with tiny pieces of potato and one mussel in it. Mixed with baked bread pieces = pure heaven. Bone marrow- First time I've ever had bone marrow and can say that it is really good. It basically tastes like fat but better. They also have really good desserts and I loved the salted caramel peanut butter ice cream. Not really sure of the name since I was a bit tipsy. Anyways, I would for sure come back here.
5	wow. the coveted 5 star review. i dont give out these willy nilly....especially for a buffet. i mean i think maybe outside of the M, the highest a vegas buffet would get from me was 4 stars... (and thats even after living in hednerson/green valley/silverado ranch/las vegas for 7 years before moving back to san diego)here's why the wicked spoon stands out IMO - the GRUB:- tapas style portions! genius concept IMO - because you wont have those peeps at the buffet shoveling mounds of shrimp cocktail and mac n cheese like its going out of style - the portions are reasonably prepared, presented and tastefully done in deliciously satisfying tapas dishes. if you want more, you would need to get up and get another serving.... imagine that, an all you can eat buffet without peeps thinking that they should get it all on just one run...- highlights: herb crusted tri tip, blackened cod fillets, korean bbq short ribs, angry mac n cheese, grilled corn cobettes, sushi, and shrimp cocktail shots- desserts were awesome - my faves: chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato from the case, and petite dessert cups- bottles spring water table side was a nice touchthe JOINT:- clean and very modern art decor- plenty of friendly staff to seat and serve you- open kitchensthe SQUEEZE:- $22 p/person on a saturday lunch. not bad at all! actually it pretty much is a steal for a vegas buffet of this caliber.- cash and card accepted- love its location at the cosmopolitanFINAL SAY:the very low price, the flavorful food, and the tapas concept and presentation are all ingredients IMO for a stellar vegas buffet experience - 5 stars!
3	Once upon a time when you tell yourself, F' it lets go to Vegas and party it out for a night. Next day wake up hungry as a hippoo ready to eat your heart out..Ending up at wicked spoon with all the hype!...Only thing that was really good there was the Ny Steak Strip.. and the Lamb leg..and Bacon! couldn't go wrong with that..not many selections after going through all of it..I do have to come back and TRY dinner though.. but i don't know if i want to cause of the selections they had for breakfast! not everything there was just as good..i'd rather spend my money on wynn buffet or rio or even the M buffet!...much better choices..I gave it 3 stars cause of it being breakfast only!... dinner review some other time!
4	I was in Vegas for a business trip. My friend recommended Wicked Spoon Buffet. We came after a long day of working. The decoration was very modern and clean. The setting of the food was just right. You get to try everything ( small portions) I really like that idea. Because when you are in a buffet, you tend to over eat and don't get to try everything. But here it's just perfect. The only down side was the service lagged and the dessert was just too sweet for me. But presentation is A+.Would definitely go back to Wicked Spoon.
4	I came here for dinner before lounging one night--bad idea because I left with a bloated stomach. But anyhow...good buffet but if you want seafood, don't come here. I thought Wicked Spoon was pretty hidden consider it was like endless walking toward the back of the Cosmo. The cashier line take forever to move but after that, everything was fast and nice. I love how majority of the food are placed in little pots and bowl ( portion control).I thought is great considering I want to try everything and won't over scoop on one particular item. Oh, they also have bone marrow, and their pastas are delicious!Their desserts are delightful, my eyes glittered just from staring at the seleciton. Their price is also reasonable considering they don't have that many seafood choices--mainly meat, carbs and dessert. Oh yes, great service!
5	Love the small plate concept, instead of the steam table. Everything tends to get mixed together at buffets,and the small plates help stop that . Everything tasted great. They even have Gelato for dessert.  There was no wait  for lunch in the middle of the week. Service sucked, but it is included in the price, so no stars lost for that.
5	When my friend told me the best food in Vegas came from a Buffet, I would have not believed her at first.This is by far the best buffet food I've ever had. I would be reluctant to even call this a buffet, but more of a a-la-cart of some of the most freshest food I have experienced.Walking through the cosmopolitan is quite the task, as there are some interesting interactive art pieces. Come early, because if you don't, you'll end up standing for a long time. The cost for this experience is about 23 and some change. After paying you'll need to get in another line to be seated. You probably won't wait longer than 10-15 minutes to be seated.Once you get seated you will be engulfed in a huge brightly lit room with a lot of brown, orange, black, and red in the room. It's beautifully decorated and gives you plenty to look at. The waiter we got was very friendly and was joking with us. We ordered our drinks and then moved into the large landscape of food paradise.The food is similarly grouped in each section. The left starts with light and fresh food like greens, fish, fruit, and a few breakfast items. Then when you progress to the right you'll see pasta, meats, breads, Asian cuisine, and lastly deserts.I picked up some greens, smoked salmon, biscuits and gravy, and a fruit parfait.The greens were delicious and fresh. The asparagus had a smoky flavor with olive oil, and the salmon tasted as if they fed the fish bacon. It was my first time eating smoked salmon and since then has got me hooked. The biscuits and gravy were by far the best I have ever ate. The biscuits were soft, flaky and buttery. Gravy was spot on with fresh bits of sausage. The parfait was good too. It had honey on the bottom with some berries mixed in.I recommend not eating all of the small dishes and maximize your food experience by trying all kinds of different food.I could keep listing more things that I have tried but you would be stuck reading this review.The service was great because of our server. He wasn't pushy and always knew when we needed refills or if the dishes needed to be cleared off.Come here with an empty stomach and leave happy with a full stomach.This food is some of the best freshest food you'll find in a buffet. This isn't your typical fried food under a heating lamp.Well worth the cost, quality, and choice for your dining experience. If I could eat here everyday, I would.
3	The strawberry shortcake is 5 STARS, make room for about 10 plates of those..and wanting more in the middle of the night.Food is pretty good. This was my third time hereHad a girl name TENAJ or something like that seat us, she copped attitude at us like cray. whys it gotta be like that tenaj you pretty much gave us the worst service we had in Vegas.Anyway, when you eat here, remember the strawberry shortcake.
5	For $27 bucks you get all you could ever want for breakfast/lunch and you can put together your own little dessert plate (which will look like it should cost $20 by itself somewhere else in Vegas). Flame Grilled Pork was awesome....Go...then sleep and then GO again the next day.....We did get there about 10:15am on a Saturday....only about 10 mins of a wait. Don't get there at 12:00pm....it looked like about an hour wait or more....2 long lines - one to pay and another to be seated. Don't think it was moving very fast as my girlfriend and I ate for almost 2 hours. People ahead of you eating won't be in a hurry to leave.....Get there early and then have fun....
2	Don't believe the hype!Yelp says 2 stars is "I've experienced better" and I think that about sums it up. This place has some flaws that could be corrected pretty easily which would make for a better experience overall.Came here for dinner on 4/14/2012. I didn't know that it didn't open until 5pm so we had to wait. Hey, that's fine if it's going to be as good as everyone says then no problem. So we waited about 40 minutes for it to open and then maybe another 30 minutes in line to pay. Then we waited another 5 or 10 minutes in another line to be seated.That's more lines than Whitney Houston has done. Just kidding, she's done more than that.Once seated we waited for our drink server/busboy to come and offer us drinks. I hate that because it's pointless as all I intended on drinking was the water provided at the table already. He comes, he's nice and he pours water into our glasses.Now onto the food. I guess one of their things is to serve small portions so people can try a lot of stuff and that's a cool concept that I don't have a problem with but I think it hurts them a bit in some respects. A perfect example being the prime rib which was sliced so thinly that by the time I got it back to my table it had cooled down too much. Other dishes seemed to be cool as well for no reason I can think of other than them not being warm enough to begin with. Another fail was the labelling which more often than not was turned towards the employees and not those dining. I'd assume it was so they could know what went where but it sure would've been nice for us to know what we were eating. To me that is a real bonehead move that can easily be corrected.I made only two trips to the buffet of dinner and one trip to the desert buffet.Asiago stuff gnocchi in a lamb ragu: By far the best dish I had. Cheesey, tasty and filling goodness and one of the dishes that was probably at the correct temp.Spaghetti with veal meatball: The sauce was weak and I prefer my noodles cooked a bit less. The meatball was unimpressive. Overall a poorly executed dish that sounded good.Pork tostada: Cold and in no way yummy.Angry Mac N Cheese: Not very angry at all but probably the second best dish I had.Green curry noodles and eggplant: I really don't know if this tasted how it should taste as this isn't something I would normally eat. It wasn't bad but wasn't too good. The noodles appeared to be the same as those used in the spaghetti. The best part was probably the presentation in the adorable little chinese take-out box.Bone marrow: This was really lacking and disappointed. Unimpressed and for those that took the opportunity to try it for the first time I could see how this would be their last time. If you're going to introduce marrow to the masses then do it right.Dinner roll tasted like a dinner roll. How daring of me.None of the deserts I had blew my mind. They had gelato which looked good but I didn't try it. I had some purple thing which looked like some sort of cookie but turned out to be one of the grossest things I've consumed in a long time.Be advised that if walking in from the strip it's a bit of a walk. It seemed like we walked a few blocks but who knows. Dinner was certainly not worth the walk in my opinion.
5	The food is great, all I do is eat the beefThe desserts are also great
1	Sorry ya'll. I really wanted to come here because of all the talk but it really disappointed me. Maybe it was an off day, who knows. We went for lunch (maybe lunch isn't good) for $40 and I expected to be blown away. The presentation of the dishes were spectacular in cute little pots and pans etc. however many things were lacking. For one, the food was COLD. They were sitting under heating vents but I guess the food was old. Secondly, there was a lack of flavor! I felt like I had to add my own seasoning. Some dishes that really disappoint:1) Sushi...umm, looked like a glob of white stuff.2) Chinese veggies: needed some fiber but the veggies were tough and unchewable.3) Fruit: there were only 3-4 types in a small plate. Where's all the good stuff?4) Prime Rib: Chewy...overcooked...5) Tacos: oily and soggy6) Pasta: MEH...only one had a good marinara sauce with eggplantWhat was good:DESSERT! Good selection of chocolates, cakes, cookies, macaroons, and gelato! However, I couldn't even enjoy them :(All in all, never going back. There are definitely better foods in other hotels!Wicked Spoon...I will never spoon you again.
3	i honestly didn't find Wicked Spoon the BEST buffet- but it was definitely worth the trek and cost. the food was displayed well and in cute containers or baskets... the table service was horrendous. whatever happened to self-serve buffets? i miss being able to make graveyards and floats and drink what i wanted without having to ORDER it through an idiot. we were a table of 8 or so- the server kept forgetting drinks and at one point UTENSILS that we requested. ugh. the food- i was happy to see a few healthy options, but there wasn't enough. everything was deep fried, cooked too long or just plain unappetizing. if a buffet has a lame salad bar- i am turned off completely. yes, call me a boring veggie-loving buffet goer, i might as well go to Soup Plantation or Zoopa, right? well, i would if there were one in Vegas, buddy! the carving station was a bore to me... the sushi was disgusting and an embarrassment. WHY even have sushi? i was impressed to see that they had Pho at the buffet, so i had to try it. WORST MISTAKE EVER. the broth was bland, the noodles were cellophane (it's supposed to be a medium size rice noodle) and the soup/noodles were so cold, i couldn't even eat it. yay! for having breakfast/brunch items such as bagel lox & cream cheese (which was NOT that great tasting) and eggs w/ sausage and bacon. what i DID enjoy was the decor. the functionality of the tables against the buffet- it was too conflicting for me. i had to bob and weave just to get back to the buffet. the tables weren't set up in a way to allow a person in a wheelchair to get around safely.
4	The Wicked Spoon Buffet is located in the far depths of the Cosmopolitan hotel. Could it be placed in a more remote location?! It's hard to compare this buffet to others, but I think it goes on the same caliber as the Wynn Buffet but I can't compare because they just do different cuisines and different things. This buffet is a pricey penny at $35 for dinner when there is not that much seafood at all. Dinner starts at 5pm and they close from 2pm to 5pm I believe. The sushi sucks here, so don't expect much. It's true what other reviewers stated that they put most of their food items in individual bowls/plates/pots. So it's already portioned out individually which is good for not wasting. But at the same time, if you only want very little of it to try you can't do that either. I thought the food being placed in individual bowls and plates was a neat idea until I got there and 3 or 4 items takes up your entire plate! So you just have to make more trips but I guess that's good because it makes you really rethink if you really want the food item. Their food is a different type of caliber and cuisine. There were items like bone marrow, gnocchi, couscous, lamb sliders, fish and chips with waffle fries, etc... The only seafood that I remember them having was skinny/short king crab legs and mussels. I believe that was it? The item that stole the show for me here at the WSB was the dessert section! I'm not a huge dessert person either but they had some very unique items here like the ALMOND JOY GELATO! Mhmmm that was soo delicious! They had like 15 different flavors of gelato for your picking which was nice. The service by the food staff was sparse, i hardly saw any of them behind the counters and I would have questions or there was no tongs for food. I'm deducting a star because of the price of the buffet, the food service and location of how far into Cosmopolitan it is located. And also the food quality was either no taste or overcooked and we went a little after 5pm. A lot of the food items looked better than they tasted which is too bad. And there's hardly any seafood to warrant the price tag.
4	Great decor for a buffet in the posh hotel. Food was good, about the same in flavor as Wynn or Bellagio. The presentation is what they are going for, serving a lot of dishes in small plates which makes it kind of annoying to get a lot at once. Dessert is great, huge chocolate covered strawberries, macaroons, great gelato variety. I would come back.  Paid $35 for dinner.  Service was a bit slow.
5	Amazing! Portions are just right for each entree, they were all delicious, service was friendly, atmosphere was good. I ate so much food that I barely remember what I ate, but the most memorable one I ate were the Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
4	The Wicked Spoon Buffet is located on the 2nd floor of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.  Just take the escalators nearest the check-in desk to the second floor and follow the signs......or the aroma of food, I'm sure either one will lead you to this food mecca.My friend and I decided to to skip any breakfast completely and went to directly to Wicked Spoon for their brunch buffet.  Priced at $22.00, the brunch buffet is available Monday thru Friday from 8am till 2pm.The selections for brunch were quite diverse, and I truly appreciated that since it was 10am....a little too late for breakfast, but perhaps for some, still early for lunch.  Breakfast foods included sausages, fruits, cheeses, breads, bagels, and parfait.  Other standouts and favorites included the sushi, pizzas, ravioli, and fried chicken.  The food was very satisfactory, but for me in particular there wasn't that "wow" factor that took my breath away.  However, I think Wicked Spoon makes an impression with their presentation, such as the fried chicken served in miniature deep fryer basket, whilst the ravioli was served in tiny fry pans.  BEST:  The most memorable part about brunch:  dessert, of course.  I wish I had saved more room for dessert because the choices and selection would have satisfied any and all sweet tooth cravings.  Not wanting to over indulge, I made sure I chose only what I knew I would finish.  I ended up with 2 raspberry macaroons, 1 cheesecake, and 1 pecan pie.  Loved dessert.SERVICE:  Good.  Not excellent....but good and satisfactory.  The server was friendly enough, but we had to wait for what seemed like a century before we got refills for our soda.Bottom Line:  I thought the price for brunch was reasonable and the selection was satisfactory.  I wouldn't rule out another visit to Wicked Spoon, but perhaps for dinner next time.
5	Great food as well as great atmosphere.
3	Maybe I went on a bad night or maybe went to late but eh the M buffet was still better. I think that they went above and beyond to add some "fanciness" to the buffet concept by having pre-measured portions and bottled water at your table. I think it's great idea to serve food in these dishes because it reduces the food waste and does make the food much more esthetically pleasing however, it does become a pain trying to put all those dishes on your plate. Plus, imagine how many of those dishes need to be washed on a daily basis! Let's not forget to mention, that almost every dish I picked up was cold. Yay for cold food!Now I'm"m not really a dessert person but they did have stuff that looked interesting - chocolate covered strawberries. I will admit that I was sorta disappointed in their desserts. It was like the whole section was sugar-free.Paid $35 per person, waited in line for 35 mins, waited 15 mins for drinks, ate cold food, sealed the deal with sugar-free desserts, then paid $10 for a bottle of Tums.   Turned out to be a Wicked night after all.
4	Great buffet. $35 a person for a wide variety of gourmet food. Everything was great except for the sushi. Skip that. Also - desserts are amazing and they have a sugar-free selection. I'd pay $30 just for the sweets!!!
4	We came here at the suggestion of a friend.  Being from Hawaii and coming over on Vacations Hawaii, we tend to stay in Downtown Las Vegas for most of our dining.  Similar to the majority I would guess.We headed out to the Wicked Spoon after a long day of shopping.  Originally I expected to have a stopover at our hotel to change clothes and was actually not happy about being in shorts and slipper for our dinner buffet.  I was glad to se numerous other people as the dinner progress to be in similar clothes.  Based on my friends despription of the dinner fair I was thinking everything was upper class, even the dining attire.  I guess they probably would want you to dress up but being Vegas, take anything.We got there at the start of their dinner buffet service.  Just after 5:00 pm.  Even though we were one of the first parties to arrive, they were prepped and ready for a hundred.  We did a quick walkthrough of the buffet to plan  our attack.  My goal was not to load up too much on the heavy foods and make sure I can try all the dishes that I wanted too.  Almost all of the dishes are presented like 5 star restaurant appetizers or sides.  Coming form CUT two nights ago I can honestly say they could have easily pulled their appetizers straght off these buffet lines.All the dishes were presented very elegantly.  A dish in their own.  My particular favorites were the shrimp and bbq, cowboy bacon on potato, soybeans, cheese platter, pig tail, and the decadent desserts.  The desserts were awesome.  I usually don't eat dessert in restaurant as I normally am too full, but I save space for them here.  I actually ate dinner, dessert, then dinner again.  I had to end on the king crab legs-----of course.They also have a special Happy Hour pricing for selct drinks and cocktails from the bar from 5:00 to ?. No matter what your appetite, you will definitely find what you want at the Wicked Spoon buffet.  It will be on my must go list for my next trip out here.  It is about $38 but you are in Las Vegas. Give them a try and Happy Eats!!
2	The only really good thing about this buffet is the gelato. Oh my goodness, hands down best gelato in a buffet in Vegas!  That alone gives the place 2 stars.  Other than that, brunch buffet is expensive and forgettable.  Go to Wynn or M Buffet if you want a "fancy buffet."
4	The so-called spoons are OUTRAGEOUS!I was at the Cosmo waiting on IPL 4 to wrap up when my friend asked me if I wanted to go to the buffet. To say the least, I was not disappointed. The Wicked Spoon has amazing food! Do yourself a HUGE favor and go try their seafood line. They will make you a seafood dish on the spot!BUT beware of the hefty price. Play some lucky hands at the tables before you approach the bill.
4	My FAVORITE buffet on the strip! Unlimited bone marrow for dinner and so many yummy desserts to choose from. Minus one star because the dinner buffet is pretty pricey.
4	Price is average for a buffet in Vegas.  Lines tend to be a bit more longer on weekends and holidays.  Place is furnished nicely.  Quite a walk for elders like my grandma.  My family enjoyed the korean ribs (nicely flavored).  Everything is already pre-served.  The little kettles and plates keep foulers from grabbing more than what they can eat.  Interesting to find bone marrow here on the carving station.  People would come here for the dessert.  I got to say, wonderful.. from the chocolate dipped strawberries to the build your own strawberry shortcake.  Place does offer alcohol for an additional fee.  Services is average (waiters/servers are barely making their rounds to fill your drink back up).  I did encounter a bad experience once here, but I would probably blame that it was Labor day Weekend.  Place is dim in certain areas, but much brighter near the buffet.  Modern style interior design which gives it an upscale look.  Beware, It cuts deep into your wallet (better hope you do well at the tables).
5	Talk about indulgence by the masses... this place gets 5 stars and every last bit of it! One of the higher priced buffets in town but trust me, it's definitely worth every pretty penny.This place did not stink of cheap buffet but rather had the delightful aroma of fine dining. Presentation of what they offered was what struck me the most. Each item was considerately placed into their own little plates instead of piled in a big heaping glutinous mess. Every bit of this buffet from salads to starters and savory main courses to desserts were planned to a tee.
4	Came here for brunch on a Friday. The dining area is great and doesn't look like the typical cheap Vegas buffets....and that's because this is definitely not the typical buffet. This buffet actually looks very nice and has a wide variety of food for everyone. For brunch they had everything from bagels to steak. The food was good for the most part, some things I just wasn't a fan of, but it was more because of my personal taste than anything else. My favorite was the dessert selection though, so many great tasting desserts to choose from! I filled up a whole plate with just desserts myself. Next time, i'll come back and try the dinner. For the price, It better be as good or better than their brunch!
4	Must be one of my favorite buffets of all time. They offer a different variety of foods, not your typical buffet. I'm giving this 4 stars because of the variety and quality. The portion sizes are also not typical of buffets and some are served in individual dishes. Can't wait to go back and indulge for the next Vegas trip
4	one of the best buffets in lv. dessert alone is worth going and the mac n cheese bar the bomb. bone marrow sooo good but sooo super fat! started hallucinating after like 3 bone marrows but worth it. I would give it a 5 if their crabs were king crab legs and not snow crab but everything else is on point. This place is is fine dining w good food and not boojie like alot of the other buffets. this place is just bomb!
3	I'm not a big fan of buffets, and have never had a good experience at one until I went to Wicked Spoon.  There was a bit of a wait to get in, but according some friends who have gone at other times, it would have been much longer.  I went for the breakfast/brunch buffet, and was fairly impressed at the selection, but was left a little disappointed with the quality.  The complimentary mimosa was a nice touch, and I really enjoyed that most thing were single serving and not slopped out of a warming tray.  I did find that even though the buffet was relatively uncrowded, restocking of items was slow, and it was pretty obvious that a fair amount of the food had been sitting under the warming lights for quite some time.My biggest complaint is the omelette station which was ungodly slow, and was not worth the wait.  The rest of the food was good, but not mind blowing.  I am definitely anxious to give this place another shot though.
4	I heard so much about this place that I had to try it on my last Vegas trip.  We went for Sunday brunch and I opted to pay an extra $8 for unlimited mimosas.  While walking around to see what they have, I was a bit disappointed to see that they didn't have an crab legs, which is always a highlight for me when visiting Vegas buffets.  However, they made up for the lack of crab legs with the delicious food served in cute little pans.  This was the most unique buffet I have ever been to.  They served more gourmet type dishes that you wouldn't normally see.  My favorites were the butternut squash ravioli and the mac n cheese with sausage.  The waitress was pretty good about refilling my mimosa.  I would definitely come back.
3	I think I'm probably haten because I believe this place is overrated.  They serve a lot of perceived high-end quality dishes but the taste and quality just lacks IMO.It's like taking a very average looking girl, doing a full-out makeover to be a 10 but beyond the surface and disguise you uncover that her confidence and skills just don't match up.  Either you got it or you don't and the food quality just doesn't match up with all the glitz and glamour.  Wicked Spoon "tries" too hard to be hip.  Yes the food is plentiful and it is good but I would rather go to a buffet that serves stellar everyday American food rather than subpar food that with ton of lip stick and makeup all over to be cool.This review won't hurt a dime since there's so many followers.  For the price, long wait, and quality of food, I was very dissapointed.
4	Great buffet and I don't typically like buffets.  There is something for anyone here.  A good value too.  Interior, appearance and service are also plusses.
5	My research is not complete.  When I move to Vegas, I'm hitting this place up AGAIN.My family came here for my grandfather's 75th birthday.  If you're planning on bringing a large group, contact sales on their website.  We ended up going with a public table, but they do have private rooms available.I'd suggest fasting long before you come here.  Why?  Because you'll want to eat everything there and it would suck if you don't have room for it all.  I think I figured out the secret to this place.  I had four or five plates... maybe more, the food coma kicked in and I can't remember.  Instead of being lumped together in one dish, sitting out forever and a day, the food is put out in small portions.  The plates aren't very big, so you can't pile everything on.  Maybe you could, but I don't recommend doing so.  So at most, you probably grab like 4 or 5 things.  You eat that, then make the trek back to the buffet.  Lather, rinse, repeat.I'm a water drinker, so I was very happy at the water bottles on the table.  This is a busy place, I thought it was great that I didn't have to try and flag someone down for a refill!Save room for dessert.  Seriously, don't think about skipping it, you'll hate yourself.
5	This is hands down the best buffet I've ever been to. I am a pretty "light" eater compared to most... but the food was so above my expectations, I had to get my moneys worth when I came here. I'll be honest, for a buffet the food is EXTRAORDINARILY good.  For a "restaurant" (with high end, five star, fine dinings taken into account) the food is PRETTY good. Get there early, with lots of time to let your food digest so you can go for more than just rounds 1 and 2. What's great is that Wicked Spoon portions out a lot of the items so you don't have to think about it. You can get the "tasting" portion or go back for more and more and more.
2	This place is just like the other buffets that you can get for $15 less up the street. There is nothing novel here aside from trying to be "hip". My confession is i HATE buffets. I hate cold food, and i hate "fake" gourmet food. Check, Check, Check. The waiter has to be asked twice for coffee.. all they do is bring drinks.. really.. we can't get juice and coffee down? And no offer to give us our mimosa or bloody mary which i didn't even know was included.The waffle i had (pecan waffle) was GOOD but freezing cold. Not worth the 30 minutes walk from venetian.  (as i had a waffle, bacon, sausage, fruit and a spoonful of gelato.. that's all they give you, a spoonful)In short, if you're going to eat at a crappy buffet, pick a place that's much cheaper, you're getting the same crappy food!
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas! We gave it a try on a whim. Fresh food. Great variety and presentation. Fresh mussels, fried chicken, BLT salad, Mac n cheese, sushi, gelato bar. Great ambiance - less sloppy rif raf than the usual buffet scene. It doesn't feel like typical Vegas buffet. High class and price same as other buffets.
5	love love LOVE!!!!!!! I'm officially under the spell of the Wicked Spoon. I love the small portions and the whimsy of the mini pots and fryer baskets. It makes you not load up on a particular thing so you have room to enjoy the other things they've prepared. Not your average buffet fare of crusty eggs, bacon, and packaged salad. The food is very unique and ever changing, so if you go two days in a row you'll definitely have different things. I appreciate that. They even changed out some items while we sat. Definitely go for the all-you-can-drink package for $8 more. The drinks aren't strong at all, but it's still not a bad deal. I really enjoyed eating here and will come again, perhaps it will be my only buffet stop in Vegas!
4	This place is pretty awesome.  There is a huge array of so many different styles of cuisine.  I was always under the impression that going to a Vegas buffet meant that you'd have to sludge through unhealthy food and feel terrible afterwards.  The Wicked Spoon has none of that and is worth every penny.Some of the highlights for me were the BBQ shrimp and grits, the 3 Cauliflower stir fry (white, green, purple), veal sliders, and the shrimp ceviche.  Totally worth coming back next time you're hung over and need some food!
5	I am not a buffet person, so I try to avoid going to buffets in general. But it being Vegas I thought I'd try one of the highly rated ones...So let me just tell you up front. Wicked Spoon is GREAT. Tucked away in the back of The Cosmopolitan, it was a hidden gem for a foodie on a budget. The food matched the modern and beautiful decor. For only $29.00 for weekend brunch, you definitely get your money's worth. When you eat, try to tally up the price each dish would normally be worth out in the real world. It will quickly add up to more than what you've paid for.Each dish is served in small taster portions, and are unique. There was goat cheese ravioli. Chicken apple sausages. The most amazing pancake (in my friends' and my opinion.) Galbee (Korean short ribs). Mussells cooked in a basil garlic sauce. Fresh fruits, fresh breads. Fried chicken that had a light breading with a hint of spice that was definitely tasteful. Prosciutto pizza. Any salad you could possibly want. Lamb, prime rib, pork ribs. Pasta with sweet tomato sauce and spices. Small take out boxes containing unique asian noodles. Seriously, my friends and I scrambled to get as much on our plates as possible before the 3:00 closing time. And I hear that Wicked Spoon changes up its menu, so the choices are always different each visit. And the dessert. Oh. my. goodness. Definitely leave room for dessert. Freshly baked apple cobbler, and fresh baked fudge brownie! There was even a man working the gelato area, working to serve each individual with their orders. Almond joy gelato, vanilla bean gelato, mint chocolate gelato, and the list goes on... I don't even like eating sweets, but everything had the right amount of sugar; not too sweet.Wicked Spoon wants you to be able to enjoy ALL their food, and they have a smart, strategic method to do it: 1) using small portions, and 2) giving just the right amount of flavor & savorness so your pallette isn't overwhelmed.
4	LOVE this buffet!! I'd have to say the Wynn & Wicked Spoon are my top 2. I've tried so many vegas buffets, but wicked spoon is definitely worth the price. Like most ppl have stated the food is served in small portions, but that's a good thing 'cause then you don't overstack your plate and you'll get more variety. Decor inside is just as cool as the casino itself. The meat section however wasn't the buffet's strong point. Prime rib lacked flavor and nobody wanted to get the cured bacon. Salad/fruit bar was awesome! Love how everything was fresh and they even had blood oranges! Bad thing was that their shrimp cocktail was served in these tiny cups w/ just about 2 pieces of shrimp in it and a tiny thing slice of lemon. Had the standard breakfast foods as well and omlette section. Their chef could use some customer service lessons. They don't really interact w/ you and give off a vibe that they hate their job.Most of the food here was the same as any other buffet quality wise, but what differentiates this buffet from the Wynn is the dessert section! LOVE the chocolate covered strawberries w/ toffee nuggets yummmm. These are BIG strawberries and they weren't sour either. They also have gelato served in a cute little delicious crispy waffle cup.Overall great buffet, but we came for brunch so didn't get to try the other exotic foods like bone marrow. Will definitely come back to try dinner next time I'm in vegas. Too bad this buffet has a cutoff time between lunch & dinner so you can't come and pay lunch price to stay for dinner haha.
5	My favorite buffet EVER!!! I've been dreaming about this buffet even back to LA.
5	So there were two lines -- one to pay, which was moving by quickly, and another to get seated, this one not so quick.  Fortunately, after paying, when the hostess asked how many were in our party (10) and if we were all present (yes), she just had us stand off to the side and had us seated within about 5 minutes.  Possibly they have a separate section of the dining area reserved for larger parties and there was already a table open.  Came up!Now onto the food.  There was a huge variety of deliciousness and lots of unique items that aren't normally found at a buffet (korean bbq short ribs and edamame anyone?).  Not only that, but the presentation was unique and the portion sizes were perfect!  Just enough to try everything, without wasting food if I didn't like it.  One thing I LOVED was the goat cheese ravioli -- went back for 2 more helpings!  I also paid extra for the unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary's and the waitstaff was always there for a refill!  I was only slightly disappointed that there weren't any macarons in the dessert section (maybe only offered at dinner?) but the pecan tart and salted caramel gelato (in a waffle bowl to boot!) more than made up for it.  Great experience here.
4	They have recently won awards for the best buffet in Vegas, and I would have to agree.  They have a large, diverse and interesting selection of foods, and the individual portion sizes helps keep the food fresh.  Sometimes items have been sitting for quite a while, but this is normal for buffets - I think it's just more obvious here because of the single servings.  The desserts here looked great and the bonus was they also tasted good (not the case at some other places).  Friendly, efficient staff throughout.  Nice, upscale, clean atmosphere.  If you're trying to decide between here and the Bellagio, this place (Wicked Spoon) is much better in my opinion.
4	This is a really nice place! The Wicked Spoon Buffet has got my vote as one of the better buffets in Vegas. I was really impressed by the entrance to the buffet. It is really modern and the decor impressive. If you get there around 6ish, you should be able to get in without an extra long wait. Our group of ten waited maybe 15 minutes. Once seated, you are immediately met by the server who will take care of you during your dinner.  We sat at a long table with high bar chairs which I really lThey bring you flasks of water so no need to keep asking for refills. Once you decide to get started you are literally met by a barrage of different stations offering up so many different delectable food selections! I especially enjoyed the salad bar and the BLT salad, it was really good. The shrimp cocktail was refreshing. On to the meat! You have a selection of prime rib, lamb, bone with the marrow in it, yes, seriously. They also have BBQ ribs, fish, chicken, the crispy baked chicken was tasty. As for us crab leg lovers, well, I wasn't overly impressed, it was standard buffet fare and if it were true Alaskan King Crab Legs, I'm sure the price of the buffet would have been stiffer! They didn't have that natural saltiness to it, maybe they were boiled? There is a sushi section where you can have custom rolls made or just sample the different varieties. There is an extensive selection of desserts, from pies to cakes, gelato, ice cream, chocolate bars... Would I go back next time? You bet!
3	I tried this buffet over the weekend. I expected to find a long line as you usually find at other buffets during the weekend in the Las Vegas Strip, but to my surprise we were seated right away. I wasn't sure if this was a good thing or not. The variety of food was a little limited. The taste and quality of the food was decent. My husband enjoyed the crab legs and said they were very good. I was too full to try any of the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries looked delicious. They had ice cream too, but not as many desserts choices as I have seen at other buffets. Overall, I was happy to have tried this buffet, but I think it was way over priced. I don't think the food was all that. I think the food at other buffets around the strip, which do not cost as much as this one, have more variety of food.
3	I came here during a business trip after reading all the rave reviews.  Sadly, I was very disappointed...The biggest disappointment is lack of selections.  The food is good, not great, for a buffet (which was expected).  For $5 less, I would definitely go to the Bellagio Buffet.  They have much better selections and tastier food!
4	I generally try to stay away from buffets for two reasons: 1. The food isn't that great and 2. If the food is good, I can't stop eating. Unfortunately for my stomach, the food here was great. This was the last stop before heading home. The wait/line for Sunday brunch was sooo long! Felt like I was in a Disneyland line for a ride. However, its safe to say that it was worth it. For about $30.00 you get to stuff your face with quality food.  There is a little something for everyone, from pasta, salads, breakfast items...too many things to name. Luckily for me, most things came in somewhat  small portions...which only meant that I had to try whatever I could get my hands on. There were so many things to choose from that it made my head spin.  Some of my favorite items were: the angry mac n cheese, short ribs, salmon, dumplings, and apple salad. I took a quick peek at the breakfast items..and almost shed a tear when I saw the jar of nutella. Finally, I had to try the dessert. There were a lot of options. With my major sweet tooth, I had to brace myself and try almost everything. They had a wide variety of mini trifles, cheesecakes, and other goodies. They even had a gelato bar! Sugar-free items were also available (macarons, tiny trifles, chocolate mousse). A second stomach is seriously needed at this buffet. The only downfall is the service..took forever to get our drink orders and utensils. Highly recommend checking this buffet out...just don't do it before a 4 hour drive home like I did -_-
4	Absolutely LOVE this buffet! It may be a little on the pricey side, but hey - why else would you be in Las Vegas if not to splurge and waste cash? There is SO much to choose from, its almost overwhelming - but I wasn't afraid, as I dove right in and loaded up my plate. They have everything from breakfast, to Chinese, to salads, to country-style ham and mashed potatoes. One of my favorite items is the apple walnut French toast - GASP!! For a couple dollars more, you can also have unlimited mimosas and/or bloody-mary's! Their desert options are robust as well - this went extremely well and matched my waistline as the end of my experience - robust. Highly recommend you try it out
4	After a tiring trade show it's always good to visit a buffet where you can eat yourself to the floor so that they can call the paramedics. This time it almost happened again :)What I liked about Wicked: It's cheap! The dishes are displayed very different in little individual dishes, which kind of prevents you from over eating. The food was fresh, I highly recommend the cocktail shrimp ( I usually don't like it but here it was very good) The pasta dishes are average, but the meat and fish plates are good. The desert table is very cute with little cakes and their ice cream rocks. I will definitely come back here and put my flat belly to risk again, because it's worth it.
4	A Vegas buffet that doesn't feel like a Vegas buffet.After walking what felt like 5 miles through the Cosmopolitan to find find this place... we were all famished and ready for a meal of epic proportions. I'm not a big buffet fan,  one one of the others in our group had heard great things and I was up for anything. Most buffets that I have tried are noisy, crowded and the food has been sitting out for a while. But this was different.We walk in to find a low lit, cozy atmosphere with a little more upscale feel and clientele. The waiter was friendly and quick to take our drink orders and then send us on our way to the feeding through. I was expecting the usual buckets of food with oversized spoons for you to slop on your plate, but I was quite pleased to see individual plates set out with perfect little portions. This made me happy. I didn't have to worry about accidentally filling my plate with something that wasn't up to par and stuffing myself.Gnocchi, fish and chips, shrimp and grits, cheese plates, salads, asian dishes, bruschetta... and that was just the beginning. All served in perfect portions with sauces and sometimes sides to compliment the dish. It was all quite delicious. Especially for $36.Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely bring friends here. Good quality for a decent price. Especially for Vegas.
4	Food was really good for a buffet. The line to get in was about 30 min.  My favorite was the jumbo BBQ shrimp with grits. They also prepared jumbo shrimp and mussel dishes to order. The place was crowded for a Monday night which is good because the food did not sit out for very long. Other winners included oriental BBQ beef, snow crab legs, goat cheese ravioli, gnocchi. I am not a Desert lover but the great desert display drew me in and I enjoyed the bread pudding, ice cream and cheesecake. This is a must do when in Vegas.
5	I am normally not a huge fan of buffets as I believe in general they overcharge and offer "average" food, alluring to those with greedy appetites. With that said, my fiancee had seen rave reviews on Korean site regarding this buffet so we decided to check it out with our friends. Outcome - An absolutely outstanding buffet that doesn't feel like a buffet. Interior - stunning! Service - Impeccable! Selection of Food - Amazing! For $22 or something like that, this place is an absolute steal! Where else can you have amazing bacon, french toast, korean BBQ, kimchi, sushi, granola/yogurt, salad, etc and then finish it all off with gelato, cakes, chocolate covered strawberries?
3	So, my friend takes me out for my bday during brunch.  I heard a lot of great things about this place so I wanted to try it out. We wait in line for about 30 mins to pay and then wait in another line for 15 mins. to get seated. We finally get seated and I go to the different stations that they have. I'm pretty disappointed. It looked like every other buffet. I heard that they had a Pho station but they took it out. Overall, the food was good but it wasn't great.
5	I can only recommend this restaurant. It was the best buffet that I've had in Vegas. I was a bit hesitant to go there as I had read mixed reviews about this place but I have no regrets at all and we even went back twice. It was that good! I loved the selection of food that they offered, especially the grilled caramelized shrimps and the kobe beef! The waitress was very attentive as well. We really enjoyed our dinner there everytime we went.
3	Wanted to try this buffet b/c of all the wonderful reviews on Yelp.  But I have to say I was a bit disappointed with this one considering the number of great buffets in Las Vegas.  Sure the dishes look beautiful and are presented in small plates, but I felt like I was forced to eat the amount they put in each dish (since i don't like to waste food).  overall, the taste of the food was okay...for the price, i think i would rather go somewhere else in Vegas...
4	Best buffet in VEGAS!
2	First and last time we come here.This buffet just didn't do it for us...mediocre food. I'm really not  a picky person when it comes to food, but I honestly didn't care for it. We left disappointed and went to the Bellagio's buffet the next day for dinner, much better.
3	Presentation wise, this place gets the cake! All the food are on ready to go dishes and portions. And they are all present well and looked cute. We came during lunch so no crab legs here! Lol! I will say it was a long walk to get into tuis buffet....you have to go around and climb up the stairs, etc. It was lunch so the line wasnt long. But i can see it being a problem at dinner. You go into 2 lines.  One was to pay and I thought that was it. No, you have to wait in the seated line which took us 5 mins to wait and get a seat...when there was no one there expect my party in line.   All that is fine.  The problem I had was our waitress. Older woman who was very sarcastic to us.  She asked what we like to drink and we all wanted water....she said "really, that's it?" and then several times when she picked up our dishes she said, " You guys are the best people I have waited on." Now we barely talked to her or said anything that would make her act like that. One girl in our party made it a mission to be super nice to everyone that served us! Which she did! So I am not sure why this waitress treated us like that....
4	I am very pleased with this non buffet buffet.The first time I went to Vegas, my dad told me to try the Bellagio buffet.  I have made a point to stop there each trip, but then I always sample one other to see if I like it better.  I have finally found a buffet that topped the Bellagio.The presentation of the food is a huge departure for the other buffets.  Food is served on little plates, rather than large trays, and on carving stations.  The portions are quite small, no more than a quarter the size of your plate, including the little plate it is on served on, which all but forces you to try many different thing.  Each dish felt like it was prepared with more care that the average item on a normal buffet.  Many of the foods were quite creative as well.  The only thing this buffet didn't nail was there breads.  Each bread wrapping or shell tasted funny, so I would avoid if possible.There are two downsides here.  The buffet is pricey, even by Vegas standards.  It is still less than a quality meal at a higher end Vegas place, but it isn't the $3.99 prime rib from the old days.  Also, it is a long walk from the strip to get here.  it is in the back of the Cosmopolitan, but somehow it feels like following the signs you have to walk through a maze to get here.  If you like the idea of buffets, but the general gorging and presentation isn't for you, this is an ideal spot.
2	Came here for dinner on a Friday afternoon around 530 or so.. No waiting in line, which was great and totally unexpected. First impression - layout was nice. The food.. well that's a different story. I had high expectations for this place.. Especially from the word of mouth to the yelp reviews.. However, I was highly disappointed. I tried a little of everything they had to offer  - fried rice, spicy orange chicken, Korean  style pork, crab legs, fish & chips, Mac and cheese, salmon, another type of fish, and a bit of the salad bar offerings.. All were mediocre at best! Desserts were good, and they had plenty of choices.. But again, nothing spectacular. We paid $35 for dinner. For this price, I'd recommend going to Bellagio.. Don't think I'll be making another visit anytime soon.
2	Christine G and Sheila M nailed it in their reviews... We tried the Wicked Spoon based on word of mouth and stellar Yelp reviews also, but I was very disappointed. At $35 pp, it's not cheap, and I really was expecting better quality foodFor that price, you do get to choose from an extensive variety of higher-end food items, but it's all merely average, and certainly not "chef quality". I would compare it to some of the better cruise ship buffets that I've experienced, but that isn't a compliment. Though supposedly known for having unique Asian dishes, Wicked Spoon's sushi, Korean, and other Asian items were sparse and unappetizing. The gazpacho was bland, beet salad was decent, crab legs were ok, prime rib was very dry (borderline inedible), fruits were old/bruised, and the desserts were forgettable.Luckily, our server was very attentive and friendly, so that salvaged the evening for me.Wicked Spoon is overpriced and clearly values quantity over quality. It's sad to see the huge amounts of food being thrown away because it doesn't taste good, with homeless people just steps away from the front door... Would not return
5	Nicer decor than bellagio--place mats, mood lighting, chandeliers, wood accents. Inventive menu and portioning, which you've probably read all about in the other reviews. Impressive salumi. Delicious bone marrow. Tender mussels cooked to order in flavored butter--oh SO tender. Crab legs that, fortunately, aren't still frozen (bellagio's often are). passion fruit macaroons. Gelati. Like bellagio, laughable sushi offerings. Oh well. I didn't come to Vegas to eat sushi. A quick note re lamb: of the highly-rated vegas buffets that come to mind immediately (bellagio, Wynn, studio b at m resort, and this), wicked spoon and bellagio are the only ones serving leg of lamb on weekdays; none serve rack of lamb except bellagio on weekends. rack of lamb is the only reason I make a trip to bellagio at all--wicked spoon is better in nearly every other culinary regard. And as aptly noted by others, cheapskates beware: they close after lunch and reopen at 5 pm for dinner. None of this piggybacking stuff allowed.
4	I'm not usually a big buffet fan but the number of individual serving-sized dishes (refreshed frequently) here and overall good food quality sold me on wicked spoon. Desserts were great as well! Overall it was worth the $35 for the one buffet I plan to eat on this trip.
4	For the price of this buffet, it's awesome! $35! WHEE!It's pretty freakin' cool that they have practically unlimited bone marrow!! The catch, though, is that the bone marrow is not the greatest tasting marrow of them all. It lacked seasoning, lacked some sort of bread to go with it, making it taste just fatty... I came here hoping to eat mostly bone marrow and be embarrassed by the amount of bone stacked on my plate, but alas, I only ate one. :( meow meow....What helped boost their rating is their angry mac and cheese! And it comes in a little cute pot as well. I probably could've eaten this the rest of the night, but I decided not to waste my $35 on amazing mac and cheese.  Next time I come though, I will get more than 1 serving.Crab legs are also available. I wish they had more variety of crab legs like the Wynn buffet offers, but the fact that they have it at all is still nice in my book.  Overall, I left happy and full.  The wait was a little over an hour, which I guess isn't horrible.  The staff could've been a bit more attentive, but it's a buffet so I didn't expect much.  Will definitely come back again!
4	First, let's realize that this review is based on this being a buffet. I don't eat at a lot of buffets but when I do, I don't think they can be compared to a regular restaurant because the logistics are completely different.I brought a group here in April towards the end of the brunch time on a Monday. I think this changed some of the dishes, because the smaller plated pastas and other dishes had dried out a bit and hadn't been replaced. However, the flavors were still on point and the plating was edible to the eye.Comparing this to other mid-week lunch options like M and Bellagio, this buffet takes the buffet experience to a new level. The individual plating makes you feel like you are in a fine dining experience instead of a mass-produced one. And the desserts were never-ending!I will note that the sushi was a let-down. Compared to other Vegas buffet sushi offerings, the options were limited and poorly made. However if sushi isn't your thing, then you won't even notice!If I have to have another buffet in Vegas, I will definitely be back to the Wicked Spoon.
3	I had high hopes for this place given the 4-star rating here on Yelp, but at last it did not live up to my expectations. We went for dinner at 6PM and was promptly seated (the line starts around 7 so keep this in mind if you want to beat the rush). The restaurant is large, open and nicely decorated, so the dining atmosphere was very pleasant. There's a bottle of house red on every table, for $28, should you choose to accompany your dinner, otherwise, you can order what you want. Our waitress was very polite, quick with cleaning and refills.Now the food, given the $30 price tag, the food was decent, in terms of there were a variety of choices. But I'm the type of person who would happily pay twice as much for the same amount of choices, but better quality.  A few highlights for me was the Angry Mac 'n Cheese (reads spicy), very flavorful and cheesy; the mini chicken pot pie, creamy filling with a flakey biscuit; and chickpeas salad. There's a sushi bar, raw bar, carving station and make your own salad bar in addition to the pre-made choices. Wicked Spoon offers a large desert selection but to be brutally honest, I didn't enjoy anything. Overall the experience was positive, good atmosphere and great service. Food was mediocre. Price is great if you are looking to have a big meal to satisfy your hunger, but if you're looking for something more special, I would recommend recommend the Fountain Brunch buffet @ Jasmine (the Bellagio). Hands-down the best brunch/buffet in Vegas.
3	Hostess: -1 star, your best asset is your smile. Smile moreService: 4 starsBreakfast options: 4 starsLunch options: 3 starsAs you can tell, my review is for BRUNCH only!Nothing gets me the way cute presentation does! For a buffet the options are OK.. no chicken/turkey options other than the fried chicken which was dried out.  Breakfast options I remember: - oatmeal- bacon & sausages- waffles: ours were super dried out, it was so dried out it broken in half once we tried to prick our fork into it!- made to order omelette's- fruit, bread, & pastries- french toast: which was my FAVORITE!- portabelo mushroom benedict: this was yummy!  It went well together!- baked egg whites w/spinach.Lunch options I remember: - banh mi: it had ham instead of meat- green curry noodles: didn't taste like curry at all- pasta and pizza: these were OK, could've done without them.- sushi: just OK too.  - fried chicken: pretty dry.Dessert area .. they don't have a huge selection of things:- tiramisu: wasn't fabulous, just basic.- strawberry shortcake. this could've been cut in half, it's a pretty big portion compared to the other dessert options.- gelato: i love pistachio!- pecan pie: one of my favorite dessert options here, but the crust was really hard!Overall?  Cuteness doesn't make up for the quality of food - BUT i have yet to try this place for dinner.  I hear dinner's pretty good!
4	I came here for brunch and I thought they had a good selection of dishes and the food was good.  The eggs benedict was really good, the pork adobo was great, the chicken pot pie was also really good too.  I tried a few of the salads but wasn't that impressed with those.  The gelato bar is awesome!  Loved the gelato bar.  Overall, the food is good but not amazing but for brunch it was pretty good.  I don't think I would come here for dinner but have been told by friends that the dinner buffet was good with interesting options such as bone marrow.  I think the brunch buffet here is better than the Bellagio buffet.  Long lines at both places though so be prepared to wait a while.
5	Forget what you know about Vegas Buffets! This is a whole new take, that will leave you just as full but with gourmet food. Plenty of food prepared on individual plates that look like they were plated by a chef. the attention to detail is incredible, and just when you think it couldn't get better they food choices change after we were there about an hour. I could tell you about individual item I ate but it would be pointless because they are constantly changing. What I can tell you is that its always fresh and every cuisine is represented. The Asian choices were the best asian buffet food I have ever come across!Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and make sure you follow the signs it is a walk but it's worth it and after your done eating you'll need to walk it off.
4	Been to many buffets in Vegas and else where.  For a Vegas buffet, WS is definitely one of the better and the $36 price tag is very reasonable.The Asian section is a bit weak but the rest of the stuff is pretty good.  I was a bit disappointed by the dessert station because it looked much better in pictures.  The macaroons were not very good at all and the rest was very mediocre.  The bright spot was the gelato station.
1	I had a friend in town visiting and we decided to try this buffet since it has such great reviews. When we arrived, there was a group ahead of us. When we got to the cashier, she said they were closed from 3-5. It was 3:00 on the dot. Keep in mind, we were behind a large party that paid and was let in. I was very disappointed in this type of service.
5	I will rank Wicked Spoon the best buffet on the Strip ....given I tried Wynn, Belliago, MGM Mirage.......... Gourmet food, small portion, a lot of choices... O, i went for dinner.... I will definitely go back to Wicked spoon if i am in town...
4	Wow - thanks my fellow yelpers for recommending such a fantastic place! After having had the Bellagio and Wynn buffet, I definitely think Wicked Spoon was the best. This review though is specifically for the lunch so dinner might be different.The selection here was fantastic for lunch time - they had an omelett station, while also having pre-made eggs benedict (either ham or mushroom for vegetarians or mushroom lovers), quiches, smoked salmon.. and then they also have more lunch type foods - korean short ribs, prime rib, shrimp cocktail.My friends loved the dessert here - especially when they had macaroons!
3	stayed at Cosmopolitan a couple months ago, decided to try this place for brunch.meh, just your average Vegas buffet. nothing special, nothing bad. Not much to say about this place either, had the typical variety of meats and seafood.probably wouldn't come back here unless we stay here again and it's convenient.
4	$22 per person for Brunch. Personally I love the smoked salmon with cream cheese and capers (also had cherry tomatoes on the side) Good mixed olives. Fruit selection rather lacking, only had watermelons and cantalopes. The tri-tip medium rare nice and juicy. Sausage links are home made nice flavor. Fried chicken only ok, too dry and crusty. Wicked mac & cheese super yummy. Slab of bacon not too salty very yummy. Goat cheese ravioli yummy. When you get to dessert the gelato are wonderful. My favorite is the pastachio, so very creamy. The fruit gelato are nice too (I tried 4 different flavors, all yummy) Chocolate covered strawberries are a must. Everything in the dessert section is very good, good to try a bit of everything.They serve Mighty Leaf tea which is loose leaf in a silk bag. Good quality.Overall the good value. Food quality is slightly better than average buffet
4	The best buffet in Vegas.  I wasn't having high hopes about this buffet because it has always been disappointing, but boy was I wrong. This buffet already serves most of its dishes in individually, which makes the counter clean and makes the food look appetizing! Also, I think because of the fact they portion their food, each piece has to be cooked individually, so it perfectly cooked!My favorite was their prime rib and their bone marrow; it's a must try item.So why 1 star off? The desserts were HORRIBLE! It's either too sweet or not sweet at all. So if you're a big person on sweets, this is not the buffet for you!
4	By Far The best buffet I've been to and that's saying a lot I've been to Vegas for years now and have probably been to almost every buffet at every major Hotel on the strip. It's not your typical buffet it's very chic and  classy from the plates from the pots I'd suggest fasting long before you come here.  Why?  Because you'll want to eat everything there and it would suck if you don't have room for it all.  Save room for dessert.  Seriously, don't think about skipping it, you'll hate yourself.
4	Yelp Challenge 365 # 174/365On the reviews of Dave F, Michael C, Chau V and last but not least Kevin P, I decided to give this place a try. Let me preface my review by saying I am not much of a buffet person... okay, call me a buffet snob and based on my being a buffet snob, I am compelled to write a review of what I found to be1) a new concept of buffet. Why? because each course is served in its individual dishes; portioned just right for the tasting2) a beautiful place in a sassy hotel and casino3) easy to get to meaning you don't have to search for it. The 2nd floor is designed such that you can simply follow the signs and you will find it.4) reasonable in cost; the dinner buffet is $355) a great place to taste wines you can pair with your selections of food. You would have to purhcase a wine card for $25. Take the card to the wine chill, select your variety of wine with a 1 ounce minimum.... and you're good to go. You will be able to pair your food with the wineAnd the list goes on. For the most part, if I had to do a buffet in Las Vegas, I would definitely go back to the Wicked Spoon.By the way, my favorite course was the lobster mac n cheese, veal sliders, followed by their fresh seafood bar and then.... deserts!
5	As some of the other reviews have indicated, this is THE buffet to go to on the strip. Most of the food is served in individual bowls, trays, or miniature pans and is all delicious! The decor is modern and beautiful set in one of the most striking and modern hotels on the strip. I was extremely impressed by the selection, quality, and the price! I was shocked that it didn't cost more money.I also ate at the Bellagio's buffet and I can say that you cannot compare the two at all. The buffet at Bellagio looked like Denny's and the food wasn't very good at all! It also was more expensive than Wicked Spoon!If you are a foodie on the Las Vegas strip looking for a buffet, look no further than Wicked Spoon!
4	Probably one of the best brunch buffets in town.  I loved the individual servings.  I have no idea why anyone would complain about having individual serving dishes vs. having to serve yourself out of a huge tray of food. I thought the mini metal pans and baskets were great.  It really is a great concept.  Some of the dishes really stood out (mac and cheese, eggs benedict).  Our server was very attentive and kept our mimosa glasses full.  Love the nice bottle of water on the table.  Could possibly use some more variety but we were absolutely stuffed when we left.
4	This is a review for the Wicked Spoon Brunch.  I passed on the all you can drink mimosas, bloody mary's, and bells is and I'm not sorry I did.  Here is why...  Our server didn't come by enough to check on us or refill our sodas.  Let's breakdown brunch by the sections.  There was a breakfast section with pancakes, French toast, tacos el pastor, and salmon.  Some of the dishes like the el pastor and salmon were individual servings.There is a pizza station and I love the pizza.  The carving station had rotisserie chicken, sliced bacon, prime rib, and leg of lamb.  No bone marrow at lunch.There is a pasta station with ravioli and pasta.The Asian food section had kalbi, boxed Asian takeout, and banh mi but i never saw it during my trips to the buffet,Save room for gelato during dessert.  There is a good selection of desserts, but nothing memorable.If the service was better, I would've given wicked spoon a 5 stars (as a buffet).
2	Maybe I came on the wrong day or time or something, but I want my $36 back. Usually, when I'm at a buffet (esp one in Vegas), I need to make 3 trips back just so I can try everything (THEN decide what I like and get more of that!) lol. But on my 2nd go around, I was like...umm, ok cheese and crackers, uhhh what else is there. I felt like I tried everything I wanted and there wasn't much else. I was scrolling through pictures here and half the items shown were not there when I was there. I went for lunch so maybe thats why some things weren't out, but none the less I was not impressed. However, I did enjoy the gelato, and some of the desserts; they did have a lot of selection. I also thought the decor was nice and glad we were seated right away.I left full, but not satisfied. I'm sad I wasted my Vegas Buffet here. Try dinner- hopefully it's different.
3	Don't come here during brunch if you want your money's worth. I promise you will regret it. There are no seafood and little options with meat choices. Everything else was too dry or tasted bad. Kalbi ribs were so chewy. Sushi were eh. Gelato tasted like straight sugar. I left here hungry bc nothing tasted good except for my rasberry iced tea and chocolate covered strawberries. This place is very beautiful for a buffet I must add. I came during a bad time obviously and the buffet has better days so I would consider returning for dinner time.
4	Wicked Spoon is wicked huge!  First, take everything you thought you knew (or hated) about AYCE buffets and toss it out the door.  This is the classiest buffet I've ever been too.  At $35 for dinner it's not cheap, but I imagine the typical value seeker with a big appetite could get his/her monies worth.Unfortunately, we came in when the group was not only starving, but also a tad boozed up on fruity rum drinks (or at least I was).  So of course, I ordered a glass of wine I didn't need from their extensive wine list and proceeded to stare at it through most of the dinner while my stomach flipped over on itself.The buffet was great though and I wish I had been in a better state to enjoy.  A big plus was the price/quality keeping the Circus Circus families away and their kids' hands out of the industrial sized vats of mashed potatoes (which this place was far too classy for).  Most of the entree type dishes came in individual serving cups and were truly chef inspired.  My favorite little dish was shrimp and grits, but I also had some tasty salmon and risotto, Asian salad, and spicy mac n cheese.  But fear not buffet mashed potato lovers!  They have those as well (sans grubby kids' hands all over them, and they were delicious).  Also lots of salads, grilled veggies, pizza, etc etc etc.Moving onto dessert was almost a form of torture.  They looked so good and I was just.....so.  FULL.  But I rallied behind my stomach and went for it anyway, selecting banana bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and carrot cake (all in manageable portions, of course).Only downside really was the buffet's situation in the Cosmopolitan.  You wind through a casino, up an escalator, through yards and yards of seemingly empty/useless space before you see signs of life at the buffet.  Maybe it's meant to add to the "this place has glitter and jewels and endless amounts of space!" sort of opulance we've all come to know and love in Vegas.If you're not a typical buffet fan, I urge you to check this one out.  Just avoid the fruity rum drinks prior to.
5	Cosmopolitan's BUFFET....what an experience! Lovely!
4	This place has clearly entered the top tier of Vegas buffets with The Bellagio and The Wynn buffets. My biggest knock is that there arent as many options here as at those two places. That being said, everything that was made was very well done. Side note- if you love bacon, come here
1	The first time I came here was when they first opened and the price was great and the food was amazing for the price.Over winter 2011 I came again and I brought a whole bunch of friends, wanting to show them this awesome decently priced buffet in vegas HOWEVER not only was it not cheaper-priced anymore but the food sucked, even my friends (who have obviously not been here as stated above) said it was bad and they'd take me to a better place.ugh what a disappointment.
4	had to hit up the wicked spoon again on our recent trip to vegas. but i have to admit, like sade says, "its never as good as the first time". we went to the breakfast buffet on a weekday this time so the menu might not be as great as maybe the saturday breakfast brunch we went to previously. i was sad there were no red velvet pancakes. sniff sniff. they only had regular buttermilk...which i guess were also good but it aint no red velvet thats for sure. maybe they only save that for the weekenders. the food selection was still huge but i couldnt find as many things to eat this time around as i did last time. altho im sure glad that the gelato was still there. you really cant go wrong with gelato first thing in the morning. i still love the wicked spoon and we will def come back but i think i might want to try the weekend breakfast brunch again to see if they bust out the more yummy food....like red velvet pancakes!
4	Oh Look! A non-Orange-County-based review! Must be a slow Yelpy day.$35 plus tax is the cost to be a world class fat ass.Let's make it short and simple:Came here on a Monday night. Don't ask me why. I don't always go to Vegas for fun. I had work to do there, and not the kind that requires you to get on your knees and jugular and stuff while flaunting a neon-colored mesh suit and transparent hooker heels with coin slot on the side of the platform.Line can be long, but it moves quickly. Table setups are ok. You might as well sit really uncomfortably close to a lonely Asian man who wears fanny pack or a hoard of drunk college girls. Waiters are quick to take your plates and refill your water.Food: Well......IT'S A BUFFET. There's a salad bar and because it's $35 you are going to get a selection of gourmet cheese on a fancy wooden board and bucketful of olives and shrimp cocktail in a cute little shot glass. I would say simply skip the salad bar and head over to the hot entrees side, you know, stay true to the inner fatty that you are.OH MAN I don't know why this buffet entry gets me so bored.There's braised pork and cold crab legs (not-that-great), and filet mignon and lamb and roasted vegetables and truffle mac and cheese and I don't know, how the hell am I supposed to remember them all? They were all really good. You got a black guy hovering over the fried chicken area and Asian guy picking at kung pao chow mein and stuff, and then there's me gluing to the dessert bar. Am  I being spoiled? Oh yeah, don't go over to the Asian food side. They have the coldest sushi and blandest Chinese food. Ewwie.Speaking of the dessert bar....I think I am getting a little too excited just thinking about it. I'll brb....AND I'M BACK! They had a mountain of chocolate covered strawberries! And these tiny little creamy custard treats and gold chocolate leaf on top of more fatty creamy delicious sweets. It's like a heart attack disguised as a puppy. So tempting to go for a third, a fourth, a zillionth...I like Vegas. They got these shiny lights and endless buffets and this stripper named Karen that my friend was so adamant about marrying.So yeah, I'd recommend this place.
5	My wife and I went here while visiting Las Vegas and have to say it was fantastic.  We choose this place based on yelpers reviews and owe it a big thank you.  The food was fresh and just seasoned right. We are vegetarians they have plenty of choices covering nice flavors from Asia,  Italy and the American palate.
3	This was probably more of a 3 for overall experience and a 5 for food, but with the special memorial day pricing, I'd have to rate it a 3 :(. Went for a Memorial Day brunch before heading back to Los Angeles and brunch was 40 bucks! Usually brunch was 22 or something I heard so this was an unwelcome surprise, but we soldiered on and ate there anyway. It would have been better if I was 21 as drinks are included, but alas, I am not.The atmosphere and dining area are gorgeous and the amounts of food are copious, both in quantity and variety. I quite enjoyed the cocktail shrimps, which were endless, the spaghetti and meatball, and my second go at the tri-tip. The first trip was a little try as it was the end while the second time around was practically alive after asking for it to be a little rarer. The dessert section was huge and based on what I've heard one of the best buffet selections in Vegas. Overall food quality and selection were top notch as well as the serving mechanism which wasn't just shoveling food onto your plate. Service was dreadful though. At one point I had a plate with a lot of food on it and I have three of those little racks for picking up food and I went to the bathroom. While away, somebody took all my food! This is less disappointing at a buffet, but if it happened to you, you'd still be annoyed. Also, I had an empty glass of orange juice for half the meal even after asking three different servers for a refill. My server was on a break apparently. Overall, for a buffet, the atmosphere and food quality were exquisite and must try worthy but the service and extraordinary brunch price were too much to overcome. I just couldn't morally give this place higher than a 3. Plus I couldn't find the soup if they had any other than egg drop soup :(. If we had to wait in line this place would have been even worse. Hopefully, if I go next time, they can bring everything up to par with the food (except the price :)) and we'll have a 5.
4	yummy!!!! finally a buffet that I actually enjoyed, the food was great!!! it is pricey but well worth the quality!
2	We ended up eating at Wicked Spoon because we thought it would be a nice experience with good variety of delicious and unique food. I was sorely disappointed.We went over the memorial day weekend so it ended up costing a little over $40 plus tax per person. I wouldn't have minded the price, but the food was very sorely lacking.Ultimately buffets are about the variety of the food and, in this case, the quality. The good:Beautiful desserts, lovely presentation. gelato, fresh macaroons, cookies, marshmallows, cheese cake, etc. Modern decor, attentive wait staff. Good lemonade and orange juice. The bad: Value/Uniqueness -Nothing out of the ordinary. Far too expensive for what you get. I would not pay more than $25 for this stuff--even for Vegas.We came for bruch and the selection was very sub par and unremarkable. Pancakes, fresh toast, omellete station, breads, 2-3 cheeses), cereal and fruit. Nothing worth $40. They didn't have a belgian waffle section, or  any out of the ordinary breakfast offering. Very sparse and a major disappointment...and I LOVE breakfast food. Variety - The lunch food selection is what really upset me. My fiance is big on meats and there were hardly any meats there (lamb, pork ribs, and tri tip), poor selection of salads, vegetable options, and general main dishes. I felt like I was eating a bunch of side dishes and fillers (i.e., mac n' cheese -not that great, risotto, pizza, spaghetti--seriously?), A big beef was that  their sushi  was no better than what you can get at the market--not fresh, dried out, flavorless. On top of that, the little Asian foods they had were also inedible. I really wanted to love Wicked Spoon. It had so much potential and had really great reviews. I am guessing most of these people were just there for the dessert, cause that's all I saw that was worth eating.  It just really let me down. I'm sorry, my fiance gave this place a shot for me cause he knows I like pretty food, but I really owe him a buffet at the Bellagio. Wicked Spoon, you really let me down. It's embarassing. We couldn't even enjoy our food. I even lost my appetite because the food was so bad. Considering it was Memorial Day weekend, I can't imagine what disappointing menu they normally would have for a cheaper price. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. If you don't mind shelling out 35-40 for cute little desserts then go ahead, but otherwise I'd skip this place and do the Bellagio buffet instead.
2	Was in Vegas for Memorial Day weekend and after seeing endless advertisements for the bets buffet in town - I was persuaded to try Wicked Spoon on my last day.  One of the things on my to-do list was a champagne brunch, so this seemed fitting before my departure.It was a bit of a shock that brunch with drinks was $48 a person, but I told myself it would be worth it for the best buffet in town.This was my first and last visit to 2 Wicked Spoon.  We sat down and waited a few minutes to order champagne before heading up for our breakfast round of brunch.  Personally, I enjoy eggs at brunch, the only eggs to be had were if you waited in the omelette line, so I did - for 15 minutes.  I returned to our table to find my boyfriend being reseated.  When I asked why he pointed to the right side of his body covered in coffee - yep that's right the waiter tripped and spilled coffee all over him. I told the waiter how disappointed I was and he got his manager - all she could offer us was a $40 gift certificate to the Hotel.  She also didn't seem too concerned with our dissatisfaction.  The food was also disappointing, they were running out of items left and right.  I really wanted to try the tri trip, I was offered the leftover fatty scraps, but I opted to wait the 15 minutes for a fresh piece of meat.  I was also excited to see Mac 'n cheese, I love the stuff, however this Mac n cheese I was thoroughly disappointed with.  It was bland and a bit cold - ick!All around, subpar food, crappy service and too high of a price point.
4	Finally after a few trips to Vegas, I got to try out Wicked Spoon!  I already had a pretty good idea what to expect from this buffet since all my friends have been here already and posted positive reviews and delicious food pics.  My first foray with WS was for Friday Brunch.I liked how everything was served in small portions so you could try things without picking up too much.  The best things I had for brunch were the Kalbi Ribs, The Smoked Salmon, Beet Salad, Eggs Benedict, their Mac N Cheese and a good amount of stuff from the Dessert Station.  I wasn't too fond of the meat selection from their Carving Station though.  The Bacon Slab was pretty bland and the Tri-Tip was tough even though I had a medium rare piece.I'm not a big buffet person, but Wicked Spoon was a really fun buffet.  I can't say it edges out the Wynn, but they're both pretty close overall.  I wouldn't mind going back again to see what they have for dinner.
4	Granted, I've only been to two buffets in Vegas, but this is definitely the best one yet :)One thing that's mandatory on my Vegas list is a Sunday brunch buffet, and even though I normally go to the Bellagio's all-you-can-eat fest, I decided to be a little more adventurous, pay the 5 extra bucks and head over to Wicked Spoon.The Cosmopolitan is an exciting and breathtaking hotel in it of itself... modern art, a million dollar chandelier, lots of people-watching (even though it smells of musty sewer water at times)... so you figure the buffet has to match up to its hype. In comes Wicked Spoon Buffet with its breathtaking decor and massive line to get in. When my fiance and I (and another couple) finally got inside, we rushed straight towards the buffet. Something that sets them apart from other buffets (that I know of) is not only do they have delectable food, but they also serve them in individually-sized containers. I think it's a great idea because not only does it look aesthetically pleasing, but it probably helps with portion control. They serve small portions of pasta, noodles (in mini Chinese take-out boxes! Love!) and meat in ramekins or mini-pots that you can hold in one palm. In my first round, I took back two plates and two extra mini-pots of ravioli and mac and cheese. Like any buffet, not every food is going to be spectacular... but I thought their food was pretty good. I was also impressed by their Asian selection... they even had kimchi! Granted, Americanized kimchi, but still! But don't get their kalbi... tough as nails, which was a crying shame. Oh well. I'll eat the other 500 things in their buffet :)Their dessert buffet killed me. A large square bar boasting of mini-sized but decadent puddings, cakes, custards and yes, even gelato. I gotta admit... some of the mini dessert shots I got left much to be desired, but pair their molten chocolate cake with their vanilla bean gelato, and I was in dessert heaven. Really, you couldn't ask for anything more.
4	Came here for breakfast and ended up eating one breakfast item.  I liked that their selection wasn't just limited to breakfast food at 10am.  I mean, no one really needs fried chicken and mac and cheese in the morning, but hey if it's there, I'm going to eat it!They actually had really good little slices of pizza, great selection of meats and cheese, an omelet station, chinese food, fried chicken, veggies, fruits, pretty much everything....and their dessert section ain't that bad either.They also offer bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for only $7-$8 extra.
4	Now THIS is a buffet! Huge is the word that comes to mind, but it doesn't accurately prepare you for how big this buffet is. Imagine a buffet laid out down a football field...that's pretty much how long it is. Fresh seafood? Check. A fruit and salad bar island as big as the island that some of the fruit is from? Check. Prime rib, leg of lamb, and pork shoulder? Check, check, and check. Plus there's so much more, including sushi and Sweet-Tooth Heaven Island (the dessert bar).The seafood options were probably my favorite. The shrimp and cheese grits were amazing, and the salmon was as well. The pork shoulder was fantastic, but the prime rib was overcooked. The sushi was small, but surprisingly good for being on a buffet. And their ice tea was perfect, especially after a hot day of hit'n up the Strip.If you want to experience what a high-end buffet is like, Wicked Spoon is your destination. As Carly B. pointed out, it's kind of a hike through the Cosmo casino, but I'm glad we did it. A word of advice: try to save room for dessert (this is probably futile though). Also, eating just before or after rush hour for a meal time is advised, as there can be quite the line.
5	Taste of Vegas? More like taste of a fulfilling meal that is simply legen...wait for it...dary! I always recommend this buffet @ the Cosmo hotel to all my Vegas-bound buddies. The sheer freshness and decor of each food item is enough to keep you coming back! I just adore the little pans filled with savory mac-n-cheese, Italian gnocchi, fresh salmon, mashed potatoes, curry fried rice, and more! I love how they diversify their stations so you get the best and most loved dishes from Korean BBQ to Indian food to Italian flat pizza with sliced salmon prosciutto to American spare ribs to a whole array of seafood and sushi. The desserts are delish too! There is an entire selection of a dozen gelato flavors, and my favorite... Chocolate mousse cones with mini silver chocolate balls! Just perfect.I've been to Wynn and Bellagio buffets before and I'm paying half the price for this meal that is twice as good. See you at the buffet queue!
4	I ate so much I almost could not zip up the dress I wore at night. oops.with that being said. I LOVE THIS PLACE!Came here at 4:45pm and there was already a line, so come here early.I was a bit surprised because it's not your typical, grab as much as you want buffet. They come in small serving sizes (so you look a bit ridiculous carrying 10 little pots of pasta). Don't get me wrong, you can still do it, you just look silly.My friend is pescatarian and there were plenty of options for her. The pasta there is on point and totally hits the spot for pasta lovers. especially the sgaghetti and the gnocci.  The pasta is served in little pots so if youre looking to get a plate full, you'll have to go in rounds. They also had a truffle potato dish that i could have ate again and again and again. Everyone said to try the bone marrow and so I did. I'm sorry, but I don't know what all the hype is about. bleh.The best part of the buffet? The dessert section. - Lemon raspberry cheese cake - yum yum! a little too sweet though.- pecan pie - meh, could have done better- macaroons - they run out fast so grab a ton if you can! The grape one was good, but the pomegranate one is YUMMMMMMMMMMM!! I went back for seconds but they didn't have anymore. :( - a wide assortment of gelato, i got the strawberry balsamic vinaigrette, blood orange, and mint chocolate chip. The mint chocolate chip was AMAZING! Where do I sign up to get a tub of this!? They had little "crunchies" in them! I got too excited about eating and forgot to take pictures of all the food.  [Yes, I forgot all 9 rounds I went back to for food] whoops. DEFINITELY coming back here the next time I'm in vegas.
4	Went on a Saturday night. Not too crowded, but full of folks. Food was excellent for a buffet. Had the typical prime rib and crab legs, but a lot more. I really liked the way they served up small portions of their interesting menu items in little cups or pots, etc. Interesting combinations and takes on normal buffet items like truffle potatoes au gratin, "angry' mac and cheese (spicy!)., very interesting small portions of gourmet pizza or pasta, gazpacho in a shot glass, etc. Really cool. They also have a wine pairing ticket you can buy (we didn't) and the wine selections looked appropriate to the ticket price.Desserts were excellent as well. $35 for a Saturday evening dinner and enough variety and excitement in the menu to ensure that we'll be back on our next trip.
4	As far as Vegas buffets go, this one is about average, a little more because they are trying the small plate method. I say trying the small plates because they aren't quite succeeding. Being it that most people go to buffets to try a lot of different kinds of foods, I was excited about a buffet that would cater to that. And while there were some dishes on, yes, small plates, mostly it was your normal trough. That said, the food was good, the desserts were delicious (not that I had much room left) and the mimosas stayed full the entire 2 hours we were there. If you are at the Cosmo, it's a good bet.
5	this would be one of my favorite buffet in vegas so far! they have a variety of yummmy food from around the world and it is displayed nicely. love the dessert and gelato area :D would go again!oh by the way..there will be a long line! !! ;(
5	Great Buffett! So much to choose from. I suggest getting very little of everything then go back for what you like most. Don't forget the Mac & Cheese station!
4	I haven't been a huge fan of the Bellaggio or Wynn buffets....but I feel Wicked Spoon has some redeeming qualities with a cheaper price tag than the competitors.  With any buffet, there are some dishes that are better than others.  Some dishes that stood out to me were the freshly sauteed mussels and large shrimp in different butter sauces, my favorite being the mango and current butter.  They also have crab legs for dinner, which is pretty standard.  The prime rib was hit and miss...the end pieces were quite flavorful, but I also had a piece that didn't seem seasoned.  The pork spare ribs were tender and flavorful.  They offer bone marrow, but I don't think I've acquired the taste for that quite yet...since it just tastes like a spoonful of fat.  The dessert bar was quite impressive with a large assortment of gelato flavors (including strawberry balsamic).  I think the reason I'm a fan of this place is that they have individualized portions served and it isn't served in a large vat/plate...with random strangers possibly reaching in and leaving behind something possibly at the same time...
1	I was hoping for amuse-bouche, but instead I got big little bowls of bleh.  If you want to sell food for more money, you give it a fancy name, and people will perceive it as delicious, because it's expensive.  But remove the pricing from your perception, and this buffet is just another pile of food you can get anywhere else.We went Saturday at 6pm and the line was surprisingly short. The waitress was very friendly and the table was cleared often, until the end when we went for dessert and the dinner plates never left, even for the half hour we sat talking over coffee.  But these things do not go into my rating, because I went there for the food, after seeing enough friends posts on Facebook that this place rules.Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. For this kind of money, I would rather go to Paris, Wynn, Bellagio, Mirage, or even Yama Sushi for AYCE.I was frustrated with the tapas-style portions of food, because I don't want eight gnocci in a bowl of lamb sauce -- let me pick out one noodle to taste first and then I'll decide if I want a whole serving.  I don't want a cup of fries to go with my fish n chips -- I just want a piece of fried fish. So many things I wanted just a taste, but were only served in portions that meant a table full of wasted food.  Am I the only weirdo who walks around the buffet first gathering literally ONE BITE of things, and then I go back to get more of what I liked?We finally figured out the key is to share the first round of bowls with the whole table, so everyone gets a taste and then goes to get what they liked for themselves.The second frustration was that things kept running out.  My friends would bring back dishes, I'd go up to get some, and they were gone.  I never saw the prime rib, and the pork shoulder I got instead had five-spice on it, which I loathe.  The crab was served in open shells, which probably explains why it was so watery and void of flavor.  The sushi was grocery store quality.  The bone marrow tastes like something my grandma would scrape out of her cast iron skillet before doing dishes.  It's funny how people run out of fancy ideas, so they circle back around to the garbage that used to be fit for peasants and leftovers, and they call it a triumph with a new price tag.  Chopping a dozen cherry tomatoes in a bowl with a crust of bread is a sad version of cheap-old bruschetta, and left me with a bowl of tomatoes to deal with when the bread ran out two bites in.The best thing in the dessert area was the blood orange gelato, so sweet and tart.  The red velvet cookies were also lovely.  But there were no macaroons, my favorite thing on this planet, so I was super bummed the rumor turned out false.We stuffed ourselves sick, and then enjoyed walking the Cosmo's hallways of beautiful art and people.  It's such a great property, but the buffet falls short of those otherwise excellent standards.
5	Best buffett in the world....questions?
5	Culinary perfection and portion controlled items!  Cute little pots, bowls, and dishes.   I will definitely come back here again when I go back to Vegas. FOODEverything from mac & cheese, asian, lamb, and gelatos!  I had the bone marrow & bread, sounds gross, but oh, so delectable!  So rich tasting like foie gras!  ENVIRONMENTLocated in the Cosmopolitan hotel. The hippest  hotel on the strip.  No line.  We went at 6:30pm on a Friday. SERVICEQuick & fastTIPSSign up with Cosmopolitan hotel rewards & you get a buy 1 get one free buffet!
4	I think I ate all their pasta. What a cute buffet restaurant! I'm not sure how new it is, but it looks very modern and clean. OK - let me get straight to it and list out everything I loved about Wicked Spoon.- Tender, juicy prime rib with horseradish. Mmm, I had like 3 slices.- Snow crabs. I can eat these forever.- Pasta (angry mac and cheese, spaghetti and meatballs, gnocchi and a bunch of others in these cute little silver pans). - A variety of different types of sushi-  Potato with truffle cheese- Chinese fried rice. I normally don't like to eat rice at buffets, but I gave it a try since I was feeling like I needed some carbs. It was pretty amazing and even had the chinese sausages (lap cheurng). - 9 different flavors of gelato. You can tell them you want like 3 flavors and they'll scoop each one into a cute little bowl for you :)You know the feeling you get when you're full and your brain tells you you've had enough? Well, that happened to me a couple times and I just ignored it and kept eating. It was that good.Came here for Memorial day wkend and it wasn't too packed around 430pm (we left a pool party and was super hungry!). We spent about $43 (I think it was a bit more expensive because it was a holiday wkend).
5	I came to Wicked Spoon twice now. Located in Cosmo. A trek just to get to the buffet, but definitely worth it!!!!The first visit was when the girls came here for a girls night out dinner prior to our show.The second visit was with my homies. We opted to do the lunch buffet ($22). You get a complimentary bloody mary or mimosa. I chose the mimosa. We made the most of our visit by spending a whole 2 hours in this place. It was awesome.I had about 5 plates, but I typically go for bite sized items and I hate my food touching. I love how WS has the majority of their food items in little sample plates. They're super cute!!!My standouts were def the fishes - SUPER DELISH, moist and flavorful!!! The meats were decent and the desserts were to die for. I was in heaven with all the gelatos and chocolate pieces. Service was friendly and on par. Accommodated all our requests and our plates were taken away promptly between each course. Note: Purchase a card for wine pours. Grat is charged for parties 8 or more.
4	Um yeah this place is hellza good. Especially when you are hungover, need to grab some quick food, are ready to hit the Cosmo pool, & want to look like a hungover beached whale.Their presentation is all individual portions made in little crock pots or little saucepans. It's really cute, very unique, and you don't feel like you are eating at a horse troff.They have almost anything one could want here! My friend's a veggie and she chowed down here. I'm a carnivore and made it my bi@tch.
5	Is it excessive to refer to my infatuation with this buffet as love? If buffets were people, then this buffet would be a cultured and rather rotund man with a love of fine wine and witty humor. I would marry such a man.
4	I'm not a big frequenter of buffets, and I probably did not eat my money's worth. I had stayed up too late the night before and drank to much to fully appreciate this buffet. However, as far as buffets go, I really like this one. I liked the huge selection. I liked that they had small portions so you can try a little of everything.And any buffet that has an Asian section and feature kimchee for sure gets extra points. The raspberry and mango gelato were to die for! Also notable was the angry mac and cheese.Service was great, the wait wasn't too long (15 minutes).
4	Wicked Spoon has forever ruined all other buffets for me. To me buffets are all quantity over quality. Wicked Spoon's amount of food isn't overwhelmiing and the quality surpasses that of any other buffet AND some restaurants. I enjoyed how a lot of the food is portioned out into little frying baskets, tiny pots and shot glasses. It allows you to sample everything and not fill up. Woulda given a 5'er but our server was slow at clearing plates and bringing our drinks.
5	Went here with the family around December. Omg let me just start off that it is a little pricey but totally worth it. Come here with a really hungry stomach. Everything was good to me until I got to the desserts bar. I guess we went on the wrong date? Wasn't a lot of desserts to choose... Butthe food was amazing!!! definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I been a Rio's buffet fanatic for years, and this time I decided I would listen to the yelpers and went for it , and It's EXQUISITE!!! the place is far if you get in from the east wing,(aria shopping center) I recommend on your first visit and if you are not staying at the Cosmopolitan to go through the main lobby, it's a lot closer,  but moving on to what it was amazing, the food is like a dream come true, small portions of everything, for some people this might be inconvenient, for me it was perfect, they have a seafood bar with a chef on the spot making butter shrimp and those were yummy!!!! I got there an hour before closing but the girl at the front warned me before I paid. But I was there already and an hour sounded enough to try all their menu, and I did get to tried everything, kind of have to rushed at the end for the dessert, but it was my fault for getting there late... not to late they closed really early, for been a buffet on Vegas I wish they would stay open for at least an hour more.Definitely will bring back the family to this place next time i'm in Vegas, this was a business trip
3	Huh? Why is this one of the most raved buffets on the strip? The food selection was meh and the food was not that great. Fresh, but very bland.  I would much prefer a trip of the M buffet, where they have steamed & seasoned crab legs.
3	I would love to see the research behind the cost-effectiveness of ramekins over large plates. Dishwashing vs food waste. Seriously, I'll bet it's fascinating. No, I'm not kidding!Anyway, so, love the ramekins. And I appreciate the variety and uncommon takes on common classics. Like truffle scalloped potatoes. "Angry" mac and cheese (spicy). Prime rib next to bone marrow (which was surprisingly flavorless). And actually, I had that complaint about a number of the dishes. Looked great on the little placards, but a little bland on the spoon. I made myself a nice combo of a veal slider, a piece of underripe brie and some sauce from the aforementioned truffle potatoes. The dessert "shooters," while again, gorgeous, all kind of tasted the same....Which is not to say don't go here--it is by FAR the best buffet I've ever been to, and if you give yourself a little time, you can happily eat yourself into a food coma.
4	Best buffet ever.  Was in Vegas last weekend and gorged myself at the Wicked Spoon.  This place has everything and it is definitely well priced.  There are so many options I really think I took a bite of everything.  The only drawback is the line can be out of control.  I had hoped to eat here once more before I left but the line was so out of control I opted to go elsewhere (sad I did).  This is a definite must do for me during every trip.
4	Favorite buffet in Vegas. Delicious, fresh, abundant options. Loved Wicked Spoon's individual serving sizes - definitely distinguishes it from other Strip buffets, including Bellagio. Antipasto (5-star) - excellent meats, olives, cheeses, fresh grapes. All kept very clean.Mexican (4-star): Tacos, pork, ceviche all done pretty well.Meats: (4-star): Carving station had an incredible bacon - best I've ever had, and whiskey-rubbed pork shoulder. Galbi and bbq ribs had good flavor.Seafood: (4-star): Doesn't have king crab, but fish (salmon, halibut) was well-made - salmon melts in your mouth, and shrimp cocktail was fresh.Asian (3-star): Sushi selection is non-existent/passable. Had a delicious duck bun similar to TW gwa bao, mistakenly labeled "banh mi" (major miss). No dimsum, udon or congee.Desserts (5-star)Obsessed with the housemade marshmallows - so cute and tasty. Gelato bar is fantastic w/mini-scoops perfect for sampling flavors. Loved the tasting cup creations - faves were passionfruit gelee layered with chocolate mousse, strawberry shortcake. Gigantic chocolate-covered strawberries - have never seen strawberries as large as these - intense.Quick service on weekdays, wait on weekends can be a bit longer. A bit hidden in the back of Cosmo, but quiet and classy vs. the buffet at Bellagio (aka circus).
4	Went to Wicked Spoon last night for dinner and was impressed by the overall quality of foods. Each station had something very unique that you can't find in buffets like Wynn and Bellagio. I also liked the individual mini metal "pans" that had single serving dishes which kept the quality of foods high, but the plates were kind of small so you could only put like 3 or 4 metal "pans" on your plate. heh
4	This is one of those places that is quality over quantity. The food is above average, but there is not an abundance of selections. I still thought it was amazing and the food was superb. I would come for the desserts alone. What other buffet do you find huge chocolate and candy covered strawberries? None I've seen yet!
5	we were hungry 5 girls. . .I LOVE this place! I've been here twice and received amazing service! Our water glasses were NEVER empty.  The service was fast and friendly.  I recently came here during EDC 2012 wknd. . .one of THE most craziest and busiest wknds!!! Everything I tried was delish!!! i really liked the salamon and asian green salad!The chocolate strawberries were 2 die 4. . .they were massive and juicy. . .jst how we like it! HAHA. . .get ur mind out of the gutter!This is one of my favorite buffets, even tho its hidden in the back of the cosmo. . .well worth it!
2	My boyfriend and I went here for brunch early on Sunday before heading to the airport. We were seated quickly and were told our server would be with us right away. The man who seemed to be in charge of our section (serving every other table around us) did not stop to ask if we wanted drinks, didn't even look at us. Half way through our second plate a lady came by and asked how we were doing. I told her no one took our drink order, so she cleared our first plates and brought us drinks. I'm glad she was able to help us but was confused because she appeared to be a busser and wasn't serving any other tables. I couldn't understand why the other server was completely ignoring us while taking everyone else's drink order as soon as they were seated. Honestly, my boyfriend and I were the only non-caucasians in the section during our meal. It bothers me to say this but I'm convinced that's the reason why we weren't being served by this particular person. Totally ruined the last part of our trip for us... Wouldn't return nor would I recommend to family or friends for this reason.As for the food... it wasn't bad but I wasn't blown away either. The angry mac & cheese, pork belly buns were tasty but a little on the cold side. There wasn't a very big selection and I was expecting more from the desserts based on other reviews. Definitely wished we had gone somewhere else on our last day.
4	I can't eat much in one sitting, so I don't get my money worth when I go to buffet..This place was the bomb though! I had a major sweet tooth and I pounded the chocolate covered strawberries.
3	Came here for brunch a little before closing, but the host was kind enough to let my party of 9 to still eat here.The atmosphere is beautiful and the tables/plating is minimal but admirable. The foods I particularly liked were the shrimp cocktails, salads, pastas, pizza and the desserts.The Asiago gnocci, wicked mac n cheese were pretty good as well as the smoked salmon & capers, cheese/brie & grapes and lastly pizza. I didn't really like their KBBQ, the meat was super chewy and tough. This place is definitely for those with a sweet tooth, the Red Velvet cookies, Chocolate covered strawberries, raspberry cheesecake and gelato (Salty Peanut Caramel) were particularly delicious.It was a bit steep in price and didn't see much food that I would really eat like seafood and exceptional pastas. Do come for their large array of desserts.Service was okay, we were seated and served drinks. Although they were quite quick in taking away plates from our table.*During this trip to Wicked Spoon we spotted TimothyDeLaGhetto!
4	One word... "Amazing" Went here twice in one weekend and enjoyed it both times. 1st visit we went for dinner. Price was average and the selection of the dishes were great. Presentation for many of the items were too cool. There was even bone marrow! That fatty, buttery goodness. I could barely finish one bone. So good, but sticks with you. There was a shrimp and mussel station where you can choose your flavors from buttery to curry. And they cook it in front of you. Desserts were good as well with some "sugar free" options.2nd visit was for lunch. And we really enjoyed this as well. More new dishes to try and it all so good... again. I hardest part it choosing what to get! Our server "Hong" was very friend and so attentive. Made our visit that much better. We got the unlimited mimosa and champagne for $8, and he just kept bringing them.. too cool.Overall, it was a very nice experience and the food lived up to the hype. The service was good for us as well. We went early both times, and we beat the crowds. Hardly any waiting in line. Score!... We'll be back!
4	Came here on a Tuesday morning before leaving Vegas. Brunch was reasonably priced and came with either a free bloody mary, glass of champage or mimosa. If you get a mimosa or bloody mary do not expect anything strong, but my mimosa was still good nonetheless. I mean we had a 4 hour drive home so it's probably for the best. On to the food...This buffet probably has the best presentation I have seen thus far in Vegas. Everything I had was good. I made sure to try the mac n cheese and the fried chicken since people raved about them. I did like the mac n cheese however the chicken wasn't exactly my style. It definitely has an old fashioned type recipe used...could really taste the flour. I know lots of people like that (even my Grandma) but that just isn't my thing. The asian station was by far my favorite. The short ribs were amazing! Some pieces were fatty, but I made sure I didn't grab those pieces. Unfortunately I'm that person that goes to a buffet and gets full from looking at all the food, yet somehow I still always want to go. I may not be able to eat my weight in food, but it's still great to go and taste all the variety. This buffet defiintely delivered. Plus the service was great as well. Will definitely recommend to my friends when in Vegas!
4	This is a really delicious buffet but to date, this buffet has been the most expensive one I've gone to.  I believe it was $35 a person.  Whatevs, it's Vegas and at least the food ended up being worth it.I am currently limited on my food intake (both what I can eat and portion control) but I did my best to take full advantage of the buffet.  I ate:Mashed potatoesRotisserie chickenAngry mac and cheeseBbq shrimp and gritsChicken pot pieSushiFried riceOrange chicken (I think)The itty bitty shrimp cevicheTo say I only went one round at a buffet is indeed portion control for me!What I like the most about this buffet is most of the food are in their own separate cups which in my opinion keeps the area looking clean and stops the spreading of germ from people who hover over food and even touch it.They also have a wonderful dessert bar but I only was able to try a chocolate chip cookie :( The second batch was good because they were fresh.Wicked Spoon is definitely a buffet I'd frequent, it's up there with my other favorites.  Now I'll have to do rock, paper, scissors when picking a Vegas buffet spot.  Too many good options.
4	$27 + $7 for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Wow, this place is INSANE! Actually, not the absolute best brunch I've been to BUT it's a close second! This place definitely wins the prize for presentation. Many servings are in super-cute single serving containers: white ramekins, squared-off asian-style fingerbowls, mini frybaskets and wax paper for the chicken, mini takeout boxes for the asian noodle salad, etc. It really stepped the food up. Don't miss: 1. The french toast. Perfectly light and fluffy on warm brioche! Yum!!!!!!!!!  2. the mac and cheese w/ truffle oil. 3. the pecan tart, 4 the tiramisu ice cream, 5. the bloody mary (thin but actually REALLY good).  I had the bacon, summer sausage, made to order omelette, ravioli, gnocchi, lamb, and asian noodle salad as well. All very good.  Good experience. I'd come back.
3	I write this thinking this should be a 3.5.....I have been to the Wynn brunch at least 4 times and it's always a go-to. When my group learned there was a new one with a unique theme we decided to try it! It definitely didn't disappoint...but I think the Wynn still wins this battle.What I liked:*Clever packaging in unique containers*Clever food ideas and unique food combinations (whereas Wynn features more of the classics)*Fav dishes - moroccan chk w. couscous, angry mac and cheese, chicken wings, french toastWhat disappointed:*A handful of dishes were really blah. I've rarely had something at the Wynn that was blah. Eggs benedict was meh. Green curry noodles - I've never tasted curry so bland.  Corn with cojita cheese just ok.So while some of the clever dishes at Wicked Spoon were really interesting and clever and cute in packaging, when you factor in the blah-dishes it is only 3/3.5No don't get me wrong I definitely got my money's worth in the dishes that WERE good, but it needs to up its consistency across its offerings.TIP - go before 11a. The line gets crazy afterwards!!
5	When I hear the words "Vegas buffet," the first three things that come to mind are 1) long lines, 2) it all tastes the same and 3) not worth it.  However, I overwhelmingly fell in love with my experience at the Wicked Spoon because of 1) the non-existent line (we went at 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday), 2) every item had a unique taste and flavor and 3) it was totally worth the $29.95 for lunch.From salmon sushi, to kbbq, to angry mac n' cheese....they have it all!  My favorite part is that everything was in bite-sized dishes/ pots/ pans, like the kind that you used to play with in the playskool kitchens, except fancier.  I was impressed with how many people I saw taking pictures of the food...unfathomable in a buffet, I thought.  Must try's include the mouth-watering ravioli goat cheese, the peanut butter gelato and the salted peanut butter gelato.   Come up with a strategy to takle on the gelato before you go: I'd recommend having everyone get a different flavor and then doing a swap so that you can try a little of everything.Wicked Spoon taught me to "eat my words" when I said that I would never go to another Vegas buffet - next up: their dinner buffet!
4	Wicked Spoon Buffet is better than the M BuffetErrrthang is good. my favorite dish to get / order is where you can ask a chef to stir fry up some shrimp in a sauce of your choice. Usually, the made-to-order dishes at buffets are nasty, but this one was delicious. The various desserts was impeccable as well. cake, cheesecake, italian ice cream, and more!!! just look at all the pics on their yelp profile.The only bad thing was the price. It was 45 bucks!! (but in all honesty, it was worth it)
5	I had the lunch buffet on a weekday for ~23ish. - Presentation is exquisite! 2 pieces of fried chicken on a small deep fryer?! lol. love it!- Desserts are my favorite! Steroid based chocolate strawberries with nuts! - Make your own omelette. Didn't take long to get it. worth the wait- Sushi is dissapointing. AVOID!- Smoked salmon is amazing! has capers for added flavor. - loved the mimosa. although, wish it had more champagne^____^  ^_____^~!
4	Not as great as the Wynn buffet but definitely worth a try.  Food selection is limited for  Saturday dinner but presentation and quality are outstanding.Angry mac and cheese is the bomb.  Shrimp cocktail and crab legs are fresh and delicious.  Other entree selections okay as well.  French onion soup was too salty though.  Desert was the best part.  Bread pudding and the chocolate dipped strawberries are must-try's.
3	Our Wicked Spoon experience started out a little rocky. We tried to go on a Sunday night - they were open until 9 pm and we got there at 8:15 to find they had closed the line down! And the line was not even that long, maybe 20 people? It was really off-putting.But we went back. Mainly because the sushi place we wanted to try wasn't open for lunch on our last day in town. We went for lunch/brunch. It was a Tuesday and the wait was long. We were told it would be 25 minutes by a manager, but it was more like 45 and I didn't feel like the line was that long. The kicker was there were empty (dirty) tables EVERYWHERE. We counted at least 6 as we neared the front of the line. They must have been understaffed or something because the number of tables that needed to be bussed was astonishing. We watched one buser take his sweet time busing the table by picking up each item (i.e. a single fork) one at a time and placing it on the tray. It seriously took him about 15 minutes to bus a 4-top table. Another thing was, as a party of 2 - they sat THREE separate parties of 5 who were behind us, which made our wait that much longer. Again, frustrating.Three people recommended WS to us and I don't know if it was oversold, I was annoyed by the wait, or if they were having an off day, but it didn't live up to the hype. We paid $22 with 1 alcoholic drink included. Maybe a little pricy, but for Vegas I thought it was reasonable. I got the champagne and it was decent. For the food - Sure the presentation is cute (everything is served in individual dishes), and there were some very tasty things (mac & cheese, smoked salmon, asparagus salad, roasted beet salad, and desserts), but overall it's disappointing. The Tri Tip was fatty and still near bleeding, the Koren ribs were grisly and tough, only 3 types of sushi rolls and no wasabi. Several dishes were bland and just plain blah (green curry noodles, brown butter cauliflower).The desserts were definitely a win. Huge chocolate covered strawberries, and Godiva chocolate covered cake pops. There is also a Gelato bar, but unfortunately the gentleman serving didn't understand English and I didn't receive the flavor I asked for.If I was in Vegas again, and the wait wasn't long, I'd probably try it again. But I wouldn't make it a point to go out of my way to go back.
4	Finally made it out here!  Highlights for dinner were:Mussel and Shrimp Bar - you get to choose either/ or mix them and a chef will personally steam (if mussles) or fry them (if shrimp) with different butters ie garlic, lemongrass, etc...  There is a line, since they are cooked to order, but it's totally worth it.Spaghetti and Veal Meatball (I'm a meatball fanatic, I loved this dish, perfectly personalized portion so you don't get full)Green Curry Noodles (served in a little Chinese to go box)Cowboy bacon (never have had this dish before in my life, served with a potato underneath - phenomenal!)Desert is also excellent - the fudge pop is the winner here, but the gelato, bread pudding, chocolate covered strawberries are all great.Good items, but not my favorite, were the prime rib and the slice of lamb.  Both meats were good but lacked in bursting flavor.  Mac and cheese was decent as well.  Asian menu seemed boring?I think the price is not outrageous for a Vegas buffet, our server was very nice and attentive,  The restaurant itself is also beautiful.  Cheers!
4	First line to pay then second lines to wait to be seated. Weekday around 11:30 pay line was longer than the seating line. Things I liked @ brunch:Smoked salmon with capers and cucumbers good portion and yummyAngry Mac and cheese, angry bc of the hint of spice.Korean BBQ ribs-a bit tough to cut with a butter knife but the flavor was deliciousThick cut slab bacon at the carving stationGelato- delicious salted caramel and tiramisu. Homemade marshmellows, soft fluffy goodnessMini apple crumble pie tartsBalanced sweetness of warm French toastCocktail shrimp- stock up on these single shooters Cheesecake with raspberries on top was yummy perfect texture and richnessThings to avoid:Green curry noodles in the take out box. Awful! Blan fettuccine like noodles with tasteless green paste.Eggs Benedict the sauce tasted like a package mix. My egg was runny and fine but the bf's was solid.sushi- minuscule and lacking any sort of real fish. The imitation crab wasn't even good.strawberry short cake- bland tasteless best thing was just the strawberry on top.  Overall good, I enjoyed the food that I tried and there were enough things that I wasn't stuck with just two favorite dishes. Much better than othe buffets I believe for the price and quality. P.s. I didn't notice many people tipping and over heard some servers complaining about it. I get that it's a buffet and you're getting your own food, but people don't forget to tip at least a few bucks for those who are bringing you drinks and clearing off those tables.I had a mimosa and asked for a coke and tea, and of coursed tipped a few bucks to our server.
2	The service was spectacular, the food, not so much. My husband and I were excited to try a new Vegas buffet and were very disappointed. A lot of the dishes looked and tasted like they had been sitting out too long and the plates were so hot at some stations they burned my fingers. The Buffet at the Wynn is 100 times better and less expensive. The presentation is nice, I just wish the taste would have equalled how pretty the food looked. To be fair the deserts were very good.
4	i LOVED this buffet! Normally I don't like buffets because the food is usually bad to mediocre and i'm a quality over quantity type of person but buffets is not the case. However, WS was recommended to me by my friend and I was extremely attracted to the presentation of their food so i decided to try it. My eyes always eat before my mouth does.The buffet was pretty cheap considering it's all you can eat for only 25 bucks for brunch! I liked how everything was portioned into small pots and pans. The fried chicken was flavourful but a little oily yet what can i expect, its fried right. The smoked salmon of course was divine because smoked salmon can never go wrong. The kalbi beef was really good. The angry mac and cheese didn't taste very "angry" (or spicy) to me though.The desserts were generally good, wide selection yet it wasn't too sweet. I liked how they have a selection of gelato and not just cheap vanilla, strawberry or chocolate ice cream. However the chocolate dipped strawberries looked pretty sad.  They looked like the person making them was in a terrible rush to throw them on the table. They tasted good but the person who made them obviously didn't really give a shit about what they look like. The small pecan tarts and mini apple pastry/crumble was good. Honestly, what made me want to eat here the most was the presentation of their food and most of their desserts were cute and pretty to look at. Of course, the taste wasn't bad either.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm coming back for dinner.
5	Best buffet on The Strip! Not to mention it's also located inside the best hotel in Vegas. Prices vary on the day of week, but the brunch buffet on Tuesday was only $22, which included unlimited champagne. What a deal!Their international selection is absolutely mouthwatering. Your eyes will definitely be bigger than your stomach, so make sure you pace yourself. Hightlights included pastas served in mini skillets, fried chicken wings in mini fry baskets, awesome carving station, giant made-to-order omelettes and a beautiful array of desserts.Save the buffet for your last day. Perfect cure for those hangovers!
3	The theme for most of the Hotel Buffets seem to "let's present the food to make it look like 5 star quality, but the taste is actually 2 stars."  Wicked Spoon has a unique business model.  Individual portioned servings are set so that customers don't overplate their plates and waste food. The food is presented well.  What i noticed about WIcked Spoon was that they have higher end food items available then other buffets.  Roasted Bone Marrow, suckling pig, prime rib, lamb chops, and shrimp ceviche to name a few.  They offer different cuisines from various regions.  There's a salad bar, shell fish, meat, pasta, asian, italian, bread, antipasta, and dessert section.  Just by looking through the pictures on yelp shows you that the food looks absolutely great.  Just remember the taste isn't at par with the presentation.I've only tried Wicked Spoon and the Wynn Buffet, so i have no idea how Wicked Spoon Compares to The Bellagio or the Rio, but what i can say is that The Wynn fares slightly higher then Wicked Spoon.
5	Hands down best buffet in Vegas. I absolutely love it. My boyfriend thought the Bellagio Buffet was alright, then I took him here and he was mind-blown.We came here around 12 noon on Sunday and the line wasn't bad at all. It started to get long at 1PM. Be aware that this place does close at 3 so give yourself enough time to stuff your face properly.My favorite thing here are those delicious fried chicken wings. I don't know what they season it with, but it's amazing! Salty fried chicken? AWESOME.They had these pork tacos that I was completely addicted too also. I wish they had some hot sauce to go with it though. Maybe they did and I didn't see it.The Asian stations are delicious too. I had Korean ribs and bbq. The ribs were BOMB! The sushi selection is decent too! I love the tempura rolls they have. They also have fried rice that was salted nicely.It's $29 a person when you come here for lunch and ~$35 if you want unlimited mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys. If I didn't have a lot of tequila the night before, I would've been so down.I've been here twice now and both times I have felt very strongly that the food quality is great, the service is great, and the atmosphere is great. Worth every penny! We can't wait to go back!
3	Came here for Fathers Day... $40 a person!  $48 for unlimited wine.  Certainly a fancy place with a great ambiance and great presentation on the food... but that's about where it stops.  I don't find the food all that delicious.  The food I'll go for 2nds, 3rds... even 4ths:Shrimp Cocktail - jumbo shrimps with cocktail sauce that has a wasabi kick to itCrab legs - cut in half to make going through plates of them a whole lot fasterGelato - I tried Pistachio, Coffee and Mango... all great choices, especially with a waffle coneChocolate dipped strawberries - triple dipped BIG strawberriesMousse cones - light and yummyFood that was Meh..Prime rib - I've had betterLamb - I've had betterLobster Mac and Cheese - a bit too filling with the cheese and not much lobsterStuffed Quail - I've had betterCaesar Salad - a bit too much dressingService was slow, especially towards the end of our meals when I ordered coffee.  At times, I wonder if the server forgot our drink orders.
4	Wicked Spoon Buffet is located deep within the ornate Cosmopolitan hotel.  The decor matches the contemporary and feminine theme.  We came in on Father's day, and it was around $50/person.I was starving when I entered this buffet.  One of the waitresses greeted us and gave us the drinks we ordered fairly quickly.  The selections of food at this buffet was outstanding.  There were delicious small entrees in "spoons" which were mini pots (see pictures).  The concept is great since its more hygienic eliminating tongs and clamps that a lot of people would touch.  The metal handles of these spoons are sometimes really hot though, so be careful.  I enjoyed the lobster mac and cheese which was rich in flavor and brought a childhood favorite to a whole new level.  I also enjoyed the fresh snow crab, which was pre-sliced for easier consumption.  Other delicious and memorable entrees include scalloped potatoes, chicken schwarma and pork tostadas.  Sadly, the vegetable soup was pretty darn salty. Dessert selections were excellent.  Gold foil were on many of the small mousse cups.  They also had a good selection of gelato (which seems to be popular in Vegas).  Don't forget the chocolate covered strawberries.  For more healthier selections, there are fruits such as nectarine and watermelon.  Overall, Wicked Spoon is a fairly great buffet I may come back to. It is worth a try if you haven't yet and feel like spending some or have been lucky at the blackjack table.
3	Service was great but I expected much more from the buffet. Not sure if I came with unreal expectations but after reading reviews and hearing from friends, I was almost expecting top quality restaurant food.For a buffet, the food is excellent! For a traditional sit-down restaurant, the food was average.But, you can't beat the bottomless mimosas at brunch for only $8 more
5	Attempted to come here 6/11 at about 8:40p and the line guy turned us away,saying the wait was so long we may chance not getting in,and if we did, they stop putting new foods out at 9:15....This....REALLY....pissed me off, I was waiting all day to go there.Fwd to next day, we try again:short wait, about 30 min worth total, in two lines.there aren't many cons, so I'll start with those:-watch out for line jumpers; ppl who save a spot for their  family members, all who pay individually instead of by the group-the buffet is far away from everything else in the casino; you take elevator/escalator to the shopping/food level and then walk a mile to the back, but at least there are neat things to look at on the way-buffet was about $35 a person on a tuesday night-the only foods i didn't like was the bone marrow which has huge hype on yelp...maybe i just a had an ick piece. Seemed like undercooked beef fat,all gelatinous. heh heh,gross.-never got water refills and I was really thirsty...hubby got offered a soda refill in our last five minutes -no mac n cheese bar, french macaroons, mini candied/choc covered apples, or egg-cream-things that nightHere's the pros,hope I don't miss any:+I love the individual pots of foods+there are automated wine stations, which I'm still not quite sure how to use, some kind of card was needed, which was never offered to me at any time...anyway, there are 8 bottles in there and you can get a full ($10), half($5), or quarter($2) pour of any of them+the water comes in big beautiful corked bottles and tastes really good+my fav foods: gnocchi with asiago cheese and lamb sauce!!!!, shrimp and grits, white clam pizza (I had 2), truffle potatoes gratin, mac n cheese, THE CHEESE PLATE, arugala salad, mango parfait, passion fruit fudge, fatass choc covered strawberries...so pretty much everything I grabbed was stellar+gorgeous scenery+Hubby put this at the top of his buffet listSo even after the given trouble the night before, this place did exceed my expectations. I would most certainly be back,as soon as possible, and I am now having a real hard time deciding who is my top buffet: Wicked spoon, Bellagio buffet, or buffet at M resort. They all have their incredible features, but given the price and value, I may say Wicked Spoon.
5	Came here with my boyfriend the next night after having a negative experience at another buffet. It was the father's day special so we paid around $43 per person, with a wine tasting an additional cost. Since we went before it closed around 9pm we only had to wait to be seated for about 15-20 minutes. As soon as we were seated we were told to start and that our server would take our order for drinks as soon as we came back with our first plate. The food was great and the variety made it almost impossible to not find something you like. As mentioned in previous reviews, a large majority of the dishes are served on individual plates which helps control portion size. Definitely try the mac and cheese, for us we had the lobster. It was neat to try dishes I've never had; quail, au grautin potatoes with truffle oil, different kinds of risottos, ect. I recommend starting on the far left with the appetizers buffet and moving to the right through meats, pastas, pizza, and eventually Asian food. Of course end with desert which is overwhelming, but does not lack variety in options. Go.
4	Lots of choices for Sunday brunch. We happened to be there on fathers day and it was $48 for all you can drink mimosas/bloody mary/champaign. Not a big buffet person but I thought for the price  the selection was pretty good.
5	I came here with my boyfriend back in March.  We did a ridiculous amount of research on buffets before we left for Vegas.  The rule is one buffet well in Vegas and we wanted to make sure we picked the right one.   I've been to quite a few and they are all usually around the same price.  Well, if you're looking for quality and not quantity.    After reading that Wicked Spoon was one of the best we decided to cash in our one buffet trip on our first night there.  It was Saturday and we got to Vegas late so by the time we made it there it was already 9pm.  There wasn't too many people in line and we were seated by 9:20.  I liked how it felt like we were in a nice restaurant instead of a well decorated cafeteria.  The service was amazing.  I loved our drink server, she was a total sweetheart.  So much to choose from and all plated very nicely in individual dishes.  This made it easy for me and my boyfriend to share things we wanted to try.  It also made it much easier to load your plate up and not have to worry about everything getting squished together.  I guess I'm a bit of a food purist.  The menu options were not what you would expect from a typical buffet either.  Mushroom risotto and bone marrow were my favorites.  They were so good that I went back for seconds but found myself defeated because both were so incredibly rich I couldn't handle seconds. Dessert bar was AMAZING!  I wish I had saved room for Gelato.  The food is all top notch and high quality, unlike many of the buffets on the strip.   The only thing that was really bad was the sushi but I've never ever had great sushi at a buffet.  For the first time I've found a buffet I want to come back to.  It's the buffet for people that don't like buffets.  It's the buffet for people that don't want to question wiether or not the shrimp is "safe".  Worth the money even if you can't eat 5 tons of food. I also felt like it had a lot of healthier options.  I will be back next time I'm in town.  Wicked Spoon is the only buffet I want to eat from now on.
5	I came here with virtually no expectations and came out extremely amazed.  Maybe I should've came in with expectations... after all, it's a location in The Cosmopolitan, what's probably the best hotel in the Las Vegas strip.While the place is indeed a buffet, there is sort of a cool portion control trick they do here.  A lot of their menu items are served on smaller platters or containers.  For example, edamame was put in their own Chinese to-go boxes, and the mac and cheese came in their own little saucers.  It's a good strategy because people waste all sorts of food at buffets, and it allows people to rethink what actually goes on their buffet plate.My group arrived for brunch and it was right before 2PM, so we were greeted with complimentary mimosas. On that note, they're bottomless for an extra $8.  While it's a tempting option, I didn't do it because I knew I'd be having a rather large Fat Tuesday a little later.Wicked Spoon's international buffet options are simply amazing.  From well-marinated Korean BBQ beef strips to their fried rice, the food was amazing.  Mind you, the sushi isn't anything to write home about.  The coolest fusion at the buffet was probably the pork inside the falafel.  The plum sauce really added quite a zest to it.Another buffet item worth a mention is their eggs benedict.  Call me a noob, but I've never seen eggs benedict served at a buffet, and Wicked Spoon had a lot of things you wouldn't normally see served including bone marrow... which I didn't get to try, but I will next time!The dessert options aren't as great as what you'd find at The Wynn's buffet, but there are some head-turners.  I got this huge cake pop that I thought looked delicious...until I bit into it to find out it was a huge truffle.  Scrumptious!  The gelato here is also good, though I only tried the mango, biscotti, mint, and almond joy.  And for the record, the almond joy gelato is a silent killer of great flavor.Wicked Spoon is simply great.  I might even call it the best buffet in Vegas.  Might.Also, if you gamble a lot, sign up for the Cosmo's Identity Card.  For every 25 points you accumulate, you get a free spin on the wheel, and one of those prizes is a free meal at the buffet.  Definitely worth it.
4	On the last day of our Vegas family vacation my family wanted to make sure we ate at a buffet before we left. With all the options available on the strip we turned to Yelp and decided on the Wicked Spoon based on its positive reviews and its proximity to our hotel. I must say that I was not disappointed. We went on a Thursday afternoon for the brunch and it wasn't crowded at all. At $22 with a mimosa/bloody mary/champagne I thought the price was more than reasonable. For an additional $8 you could make it bottomless. I really enjoyed the unique variety of food the buffet provided. It had the traditional breakfast items such as omelet station, bagels and lox, bacon, sausage, etc. However, it provided some unique items as well such sushi/Asian, tacos, and various fish dishes. I thought that the tapas-style servings were unique and provided the perfect portion for trying everything out. Some of my favorite dishes included the pork belly buns and the curried mussels. The dessert bar is phenomenal! It had a gelato station and various miniature desserts such as tiramisu and French macaroons which finished the meal very nicely. And of course I can't forget to mention the plump and juicy chocolate covered strawberries! They were of course delicious!Overall, I would say that the Wicked Spoon is great brunch! I didn't get to try out some of the options that others had mentioned (i.e.: bone marrow and mac and cheese bar--maybe they're only available on the weekend?), but still enjoyed myself with a unique brunch experience!
4	Very elegant buffet at the Cosmopolitan.  About $40 a person.  Nice for a date...everything tasted good.  Lots of seafood...everything is portioned out...so very cute for a date if you aren't trying to CHOW down...but still want to enjoy a variety!I prefer the get down dirty eating! LOL....hahahI prob would NOT go back...not because it wasnt' good...just cause I need to GRUB! :D
4	One of the more expensive buffets but I'm willing to pay for better quality food given every other time i've been to Vegas a bit if a culinary disaster. The dishes were more contemporary like you'd see at a hip restaurant and much props for offering bone marrow. The main dishes were good but I'd say the sides and desserts are better.
5	If you want a buffet with all the regular staples of a buffet then this might not be for you.  We decided to do it based on the reviews we read here and weren't dissapointed. We came for  breakfast/brunch and there was no line and we were seated right next to the buffet which my husband loved as there was lots of eye candy for him to gaze at...hehehehe...  So much food to choose from and a lot was portioned out which is good.  They have different choices like goat cheese ravioli etc.. so you need to be experimental when eating here.. desserts were wonderful.. tiny, which was good so you could try a couple. The only thing that wasn't tiny was the chocolate dipped strawberries.They are huge!!   The omelet staion was wonderful too..  They were too big for me so you might consider sharing.  I did notice a sign that for $16.99 (I think) for a buffet take out so I thought that was unique.  If you have a couple of people this would be a great way to try different items if everyone picks different items and go back to the room and partake.
5	Wife and I are Vegas veterans who have seen it all and done it all in town. But we heard some cool things about the Wicked Spoon and gave it a try. The $75 for 2 people seemed steeper than normal for dinner, but it holds up. What separates the Wicked Spoon from all the other Vegas buffets is presentation. You'll love how you get your Mac N Cheese, shrimp or salad. You'll enjoy the wait staff there and their selections of wine and other alcoholic drinks (they have a happy hour!). The decor is simple and pleasant. What doesn't separate is the quality of the food, which is on par with Wynn and Bellagio's buffets. Everything is delicious. I could eat one of their mini veal sliders right now. The spaghetti tastes like how Mom used to make it. Just two examples, I'm not ruining anything for you ... cowboy bacon ... OOPS, that slipped! And the desserts ... look, I don't care if you're a supermodel or you're dieting or whatever. SPLURGE. IT'S WORTH IT HERE. Four words: Godiva Chocolate Cake Pops. NOMNOMNOM. The next time we're in town we're going to come back for sure. That's about as high of a compliment as you can get from a couple of fiery thirtysomethings who come to Vegas annually.
4	Pricey but had a nice selection.  They make a lot of individually sized portions in its own dish, which is nice.  The mac n cheese had good flavor but was more watery than I'd prefer.  Omelet bar is good.  I really enjoyed the salads as well (beet salad with arugula and spinach salad).  Definitely recommend if you're looking for a buffet.  But like most other ones, prepare for a wait.
5	Awesome small portioned dishes. The most amazing presentation and execution of a Vegas buffet I've been too.The service is very attentive and their coffee is really good. You walk away satisfied that you don't need to stuff your face, but had a very portioned tasting of great dishes.
4	If you could do only one buffet in Vegas, this is it. Not just your ordinary Vegas buffet, everything here is done a little unique. Leg of lamb, bone marrow, rotisseries pork, crab legs, made to order clam, shrimp or mussel. Like how they served the sides on a mini pot, instead on a huge bowl after hundred other people went through it. Some Asian food is served in a little carry out container. Save room for dessert, if you're a chocolate lover, you won't be disappointed. Try the chocolate covered bacon? Place is a little pricy, but is worth it. But schedule your visit though, they are closed during mid day, and the lunch menu is different.
4	Awesome Value: $25, Exceptional Desserts: Gelato, chocolate truffles, macaroons & Surprisingly Tasty entrees: Gnocchi, Butternut Squash Ravioli, Cheese Selection, Premium Italian Meat Selection, Lox and Grilled Salmon were my Favs. Consistently going back!
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas!!!! (Wynn is a close second)1. INDIVIDUAL dishes for most items. Great portion control. Plus the juices and sauces don't run all over your plate.2. Delicious and large variety of gelato served in a waffle cone or regular cup! Must try Mango Passion. 3. Chocolate-covered strawberries4. Great quality chewy macaronsCan you tell I love dessert?Most of the savory items were delicious too, well, for a buffet. Don't expect fine dining quality food and you'll be satisfied with Wicked Spoon. You pay $40 for the VARIETY. If you want a good piece of steak or salmon or whatever for that price, then go to a restaurant.
5	5 Stars, Hands Down.5 Stars for both their lunch and dinner options (Yes, I've been to both and both multiple times.)Vegas buffet checklist: Wynn, Bellagio, Caesars, Rio, Treasure Island...Wicked Spoon wins hands down.If I go to Vegas, this is where to go for a buffet.Service: Great! They are quick with refilling your drinks, changing up your drink if you wanna change it up, refilling water (in addition to your soda/alcoholic beverage), and FRIENDLY!Food: Honestly, the best out of any Vegas buffet I've tried.-- tapas style: BRILLIANTwhy? you don't overwhelm yourself scooping up huge portions and letting your hungry eyes fill up your plate. makes you less wasteful and gives you more room to try all the delicious things.Their carving station honestly takes a dump on other buffets; particularly, their lunch menu offerings.(LUNCH) - tri-tip, sliced bacon, italian sausage(DINNER) - prime rib...which yes, every buffet has. but the Wicked Spoon prime rib is mouth watering and always fresh. never dry looking or unappetizingly greasy (the look it gets when the fat starts hardening)Cool things:(LUNCH) - smoked salmon sashimi style!! (wynn offers this as a dinner time highlight, and the wicked spoon offers this during lunch!!!)- make your own omelet bar- expensive cheeses(DINNER)- make your own mac and cheese, it's pretttttty bomb- honestly...besides their pizza selection...everything they offer during dinner is great. which i cannot say about any other vegas buffet. most places have their specialty, a really crappy asian food section and an even worse and extremely bland italian pasta section. the wicked spoon breaks all rules when it comes to this generality and they provide great everything(DESSERT)- where do i begin...- macarons, gelato (with bombbb flavors), small samples of greatness (don't miss out on the strawberry cheesecake cups with marshmallow toppings), chocolate covered strawberries with almonds and oreo crumbles...the list just never ends.bottom line: if you're in vegas and want to eat at a buffet...make it the wicked spoon.
5	Top 3 buffets in Las Vegas IMO. You get little dishes with little portions so you can try many items without overeating one single thing.  The best dessert selection I've seen.At $39 per person, I want to say a legit deal.  Will definitely go again,.
3	Definitely a high end buffet.  A lot of the food options were too fancy for this peasant.  They had some bizarre stuff like bone marrow.  With the food options that were Megan friendly, it was really good.  I liked how the crab legs were already cut for you.  I also liked how everything was divided into smaller dishes.  The mini containers that the food were served in were super cute.  The chicken pot pie was tasty and the peanut butter and jelly Gelato was AMAZING!!  That's about all I ate so I probably won't be coming here again due to non-Megan friendly food selections.  But I would highly recommend this buffet if you are adventurous with food.  Oh and the service was outstanding!  Best waitress I have ever had.
3	I have only been to the Wynn buffet in Vegas, as a comparison.  And the Wynn buffet IMO is so much better.The Wicked Spoon I felt lacked variety.  The Wynn definitely had more choices.Also I felt their food was not very flavorful, or special.  I distinctly remember the bone marrow - thinking this is something unique to offer at.  But then when I actually tried it, it was actually pretty bland.  It left me pretty disappointed.I would skip, hope to try Bellagio buffet next time!
4	I ate here (again) last weekend and a must try for breakfast is the French Toast. Best in the world and I don't even like breakfast food like that. I think for dessert which I had for breakfast (JUDGE ME) was a chocolate covered strawberry with sprinkled oreo crumbs. Yummy!They have an entire asian fusion section if you are into that as well as a lot of seafood, veggie, healthy and unhealthy options.I've never seen so many desserts in all my life...from gelato...to chocolate covered everything to apple cobbler...cheesecakes, cakes, cookies, brownies..A bit pricey I think it was $70.00 for two people, but definitely worth it. :)
4	I came here on Thursday for my birthday dinner and it was the best! The atmosphere and the decorations were amazing. It was a little noise but not enough to bother anyone or to prevent you from having a conversation with anyone in your table. The customer service was ok. The only problem I had was it took a while for our server to refill our drinks. Most of the food being served are already in individual bowls and the food is divided in groups of their origin. I'll admit that this buffet doesn't have as much variety compared to most buffet, but their food is pretty good. The desserts there are to die for! They have so much to choose from! The pictures taken from the buffet is pretty much what you're going to see and eat at the Wicked Spoon Buffet. Me & my group left satisfied and full!
5	This buffet is one of the very few buffets worth trying in Vegas, right next to the Wynn. I'm not a buffet person (was forced into going to the Rio a couples days before, and I ate next to nothing because everything was unappetizing...) I prefer restaurants, BUT buffets are part of the Vegas experience, so you might as well get your fill at a great one!Most every thing at Wicked Spoon was perfectly tasty, hot and fresh. I went for brunch, which is $22.I tried their glazed salmon, some salads, the Korean steak, the mini-corn, French toast, gelato, goat cheese pizza, chocolate covered strawberries, an entire plate of mini-desserts, a yogurt parfait, a pain chocolate, the shrimp cocktail... and yes, I could barely move for about five hours and felt queasy during the final bite of some chocolate fudge...but it was SO, so worth it.
3	I waited SOOO long to try this place!! TOO LONG. Since my friends are party animals. I came into this buffet on an empty stomach. On an empty stomach filled with tequila and vodka! Went there exactly at 4:45 and got in, in less than 15 mins. I was already feeling like pure shit for not eating all day and drinking alcohol. Oh woe is me!The first thing I got was...BONE MARROW. I absolutely love bone marrow...but wicked spoon...all I tasted was fat! Just all FAT. I added some chimichurri, made it taste a bit better. I knew it was all pure fat but I ended up eating....5...This buffet wasn't up to par in my palate. I mean the design and theme is wonderful. It's super cute! the only food entree that stood out to me was the veal sliders. YUM! it was super soft meat. The dessert was just okay too. The chocolate covered strawberries were HUGE. Where the heck did they grow those? Later that night I still felt full and sick, and couldn't even drink anymore. :( Warning here is to not eat any of that fatty bone marrow...
5	best buffet in vegas as of yet. great variety that is individually portioned for grab and go. it's not your typical buffet and the food is pretty good quality. they have amazing mashed potatoes and decent prime rib. the shrimp cocktail is nestled in a cute plastic cup with the cocktail sauce underneath. the fish and chips come in its own little fry basket. rice comes in a chinese to go box. 18 types of gelato and to die for strawberry crisp. i definitely overdosed on the huge chocolate covered strawberries (the kind that sells at godiva for $5 each). the dessert station is nothing less than impressive. my spoon was surely moving at a wicked pace!
4	Everyone should know that buffet food will never be as good as a quality sit-down establishment.  That being said, for a buffet, the Spoon was extremely satisfying!  My only complaints would be a few of the entries weren't prepared too well.  Corn on the cob, some pork dishes and some sushi rolls taste "store-bought".  Nonetheless, I'd recommend this place to anyone...and save as much room as possible for dessert.  That was definitely the highlight for me.
4	The very first buffet I've had in Las Vegas!Award for presentation goes to Wicked Spoon! Everything is packaged into cute, individual boxes, plates, bowls, etc. The food here isn't bad either to be honest. Nothing like other buffets that serve bland and lackluster foods. And... drum roll plz... They have prime rib! For brunch!Our server was extremely nice as well, I was a tad surprised at the amount of hospitality.
5	Forget the bellagio, wicked spoon is  what's up. The food is fresh, unique, cutely/smartly served in tiny portions, and sophisticated for a buffet. The options are unlike any other buffets - it felt as though i was going to a 5 star restaurant and their entrees were buffet items. Example, they serve gelato. You won't find that at the bellagio or OCB. It was also refreshing that there wasn't a huge line. It told me they were more about the service rather than showing off.
2	I had very high expectations for this place and I really tried to like it, especially because it was right downstairs of our hotel, but I've honestly had better buffet at cheaper prices elsewhere. First of all, it cost around $40 each for this single meal, so our group of friends were expecting to be blown away. The decor is fancy and all, but what really determines a buffet for me is the taste of the food.All the food was nicely plated and had tasty sounded description cards, but there were quite a few things that I felt that a buffet of this fame should be able to easily cook right. The New York strip steak I had LOOKED medium rare, but it was tougher than being well done! The egg benedict that I had was UNDERCOOKED...the egg white was undercooked to the point where it was still liquid-y and mixed together with the yolk when I split the egg open. Disgusting. The macaroni and cheese was bland like they tossed pasta with just heavy cream or something.However, I will give credit to Wicked Spoon for their dessert options. They had good gelato (I had the tiramisu and toffee) and their chocolate desserts were served in cute chocolate molds. There were several options of chocolate-covered strawberries, such as ones that had been rolled in Heath Bars or Oreo cookies. Overall, the dessert was the highlight, but I would not pay $40 for under/overcooked food again.
1	Eek no. Nothing outstanding. The marrow turned into mess fat when you eat it. Not creamy anymore. The sushi so bland. Plus they have no chopstick when I went there. When I asked for chopstick, the counter lady said it will be out. I waited for 5 minutes in front of the counter and nothing done. She saw me and mentioned not to wait. She has asked the chef about the chopstick and didn't know how long. I have to dumbly ask if the chef needs to "make' the chopstick. Seriously? It's not about the chopstick but the fundamental that we paid almost 40 bucks for buffet and below average food with dumb counter person really ticks me. I like Wynn and Bellagio better.
3	Good thing I've been here many times becausevitherwise I wouldn't have came back. The food was the same, exactly, that I had 2 weeks before only it looked like they saved it from 2 weeks ago. The smoked salmon was all dried out as was the pasta dishes.. The salads were all freshly made so that is the plus and the desserts are always great.. Fruit was fresh also. We went to the Brunch. I recommend it just ask to look at the food before maybe but it was only $22 so still not bad!!!
5	I always like to try something twice to make sure I was right. Again I must say, this has to be the best buffet in Vegas. This is a must try for everyone. Think of it as gourmet food, buffet style.
5	By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
5	Have made two trips here. A strong challenger for the lead of best buffet vs Bellagio and Wynn. Every dish had unique flavors and most are served in unique pots or containers. Favorite dishes: short rib cavatelli, make your own mac & cheese, citrus marinated olives, babaganoush, truffle risotto, goat cheese ravioli.Attentive friendly servers.Best was the pastry chef introducing us to every single dessert. We sampled 14 treats! Nutella mousse rocked!
4	Vegas buffets are a must! Went for brunch and didn't have to wait long. What makes Wicked Spoon different from other buffets are that they have the food separated in little portions so we can essentially try a little of everything. Sushi wasn't good at all but everything else was decent and good. The chocolate covered strawberries were the best. I'd definitely go back.
4	One of the better buffets on the strip... for now.  The item that stood out the most and that I wish I save more room for in my stomach is the chocolate covered strawberry.  These strawberries are so good that I am tempted to go to Wicked Spoon and eat only the chocolate covered strawberries.  And I probably would leave happy and satisfied.
4	I'd drive the almost 4 hours from home just for the ANGRY MAC & CHEESE! So delish! I like that the food is in single portions and there is a wide variety so much flavor in each dish. The desserts are amazing too! Service was very friendly and mimosas were on point. Definitely add this to the "Vegas to do list" you won't be disappointed!
5	Undoubtedly the best buffet in Las Vegas - it puts all other buffets including the Bellagio and the Wynn to shame. Dinner is $35 and starts at 5pm - placing it in the same price range as most other evening  buffets. What sets the Wicked Spoon apart is that the food is exceptionally good. It is more akin to high end cuisine than ubiquitous buffet food. They seem to concentrate on quality instead of quantity.  They excel not only in taste, but also in the presentation. Rather than serving everything in large pans with a common spoon that everybody touches - each dish is served in individual sized pots and pans. This is not only more appetizing, but also considerably more hygienic - brilliant concept.The range of foods is also quite good from salads to fish and chips to Japanese, Chinese and Italian cuisine. The dessert area is really outstanding, ice cream, cakes, cookies and chocolate.
4	bottomless mimosa, champagne, bloody mary for the lunch buffet for an extra $8. totally worth it. i was sad the macarons ran out before i got to them but that's what i get for not stocking up. all the food was delicious and the design of the small plates were cute. however, i def ate less than what was in those little skillets and mini pans so it could end up being wasteful. also, not a huge seafood selection but that may have been because we were there for lunch, not dinner. no bone marrow at lunch either. i have to go back for dinner to give this place a proper rating. the brunch was good. i wish they had more egg dishes to select from but the desserts made up for it. oh, and the alcohol.Not a good idea to eat here right before driving back to LA. We were so drunk from the bottomless mimosas that we had to delay our driving by gambling a little and losing a bit more money.
4	Wicked Spoon Buffet took my Las Vegas Buffet virginity and I'd like to confirm that it was a very tasty experience. The restaurant itself is very lovely and large and their presentation of food in mini servings is unique.Pros+ Bacon+ Bacon+ Bacon+ Tri-Tip was Delicious+ Home Style Fried Chicken+ Asian Style Pork Ribs had Great Char Taste and Addicting+ Hash Browns were Great+ Orange Chicken+ Curry Mussels+ Pork Bun was Good+ Cocktail Shrimp+ Easy to eat Fried Rice+ Made to Order Omelette+ Lots of Ice Cream+ Macaron+ Complimentary Champagne+ Nice BathroomsCons- No Bone Marrow for Lunch- Very Limited Japanese Food Selection- Street Tacos were Whatever- Pork and Beans were Mostly Beans and Rice- Came 1 PM, Pulled Food at 2:15 PMConclusionI hope to return for dinner! Check it out if you're into buffets done a little different.
4	At first I was a little hesitant about the $44 (tax and tip included) price tag, but once I got my food I was pleasantly surprised.There are a ton of options, and since they regulate how many people are getting food at a time, there isn't too long of a wait for the more popular items such as the meats. There basically wasn't anything I didn't like (but I'm generally easy to please anyway!). My only regret is that I only had one stomach because there were definitely items I wanted to try but didn't have room for! The dessert section is like a tiny little store within the restaurant itself, with an ice cream bar and thousands upon thousands of assorted chocolate fruit cups and pastries. Again, I wish that I could surgically augment my gastrointestinal system with 3 or so more stomachs to contain all that tasty food!
3	I cannot handle buffets because I get full so quickly but this place was good. My favorites were the individual little pasta trays. Actually I think that was it. Nothing else really sticks out in my mind. The pork buns were just okay, the sushi was not very good. I couldn't try the desserts because I was too full... I think I still like the Wynn buffet the best!
3	Came here even though most of my friends told me this place was overrated, but I really came for the dessert bar and even that was somewhat of a let down.Now given that I thought pretty much everything was subpar to my standards for an upper echelon Vegas buffet place, I still went ahead and had about 7 plates of food with 2 plates of dessert (it's a fat fawk life).My favorites were probably the Angry Mac n Cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tSZvaCoQu2cTw75q5Rmhlw?select=EiSasU6tfXS-jJGdcepmNQ#GMAVBsxVw4k3iWWXpWi6Jg). Delicious sharp cheesy flavor with a hint of heat. The French toast (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=rN_yB01fqiuOB2bH40u0bQ#rN_yB01fqiuOB2bH40u0bQ) was probably the only other thing I really enjoyed and that stuff is cheap and fills you up.Overall, the experience was just ok. I rather still go to Bellagio for their buffet.
4	The food was great at a pretty reasonable price. The line for fresh eggs is going to be a wait but overall it was a decent buffet.
5	I was impressed with everything. Fantastic variety. I haven't gone to all the buffets but this is the best i've gone to and great deal $22/brunch and unlimited Champagne. That deserves 5 stars to me.
5	This buffet has become my ultimate favorite in Vegas! :) I came here on a weekday for a brunch. So yes...there is breakfast and lunch being served. What I love about this place is their presentation of their food. They are served in portions, that way you can have a little bit of everything. Like everyone else, their desserts are to die for ranging from macaroons, gelato ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, and so much more. It is awesome when you come here with friends because you will all be recommending dishes to try and talk about how good the food is. Although it may be pricey, the quality of the food is unique and presentable. :)
4	- We came here again during July 4th, and they upped the price to 29. No difference in brunch menu- No macarons :(- Black Omelet man got jokes. Don't order scrambled eggs and call avocados, guacamole. :)
4	I came here for brunch and was instantly hooked. The price was reasonable at $22 which also came with one complimentary mimosa or champagne. The small details made it a pleasant experience from having an awesome server who brought our drinks and cleared the table, to the small individualized plates, pans, etc. The fact that they had Creminelli cured meats was a plus! I loved their gelato selection as well. I definitely will be coming here again!
5	Both the Wynn and Bellagio buffets have had their day in the sun, but they now have to play second and third fiddle to Wicked Spoon, which I think is the best new buffet in Vegas. There's a lot of care put into the detail of the food here, which starts with the presentations. Many of the dishes are placed in individual pots or dishes. This is nice for two reasons: it maintains portion control and it also makes for easy pick up. Some of the plates I loved were:- The mac and cheese- Gnocchi- Yogurt parfait with honey and granola- Watermelon, honeydew, and cantaloupe (topped with cilantro and a sauce)- Korean BBQ ribs- Banh mi with pork belly in a steamed bun- Clams- All of the desserts!There are many others that I can't even remember, but mostly everything was delicious!
3	Wicked Spoon is simply over-rated. The desserts are the best part and do leave a good last impression, but compared to the elite buffets of Vegas, Wicked Spoon doesn't have the quality, service, freshness, or variety to be considered 5-star. It's a-ok which is totally a-ok.Sunday night dinner: 3 - 3.5/5 starsThere were no stations for fresh, made to order items like pasta, crepes, salads, etc. Instead portions are placed into small bowls like a cafeteria. There were no fresh sashimi or sushi offerings except two California rolls. The Snow Crab was average frozen fare. Salmon was meh. No XLB. Asian food looked like Panda Express.On the positive side, Bone Marrow was cool (though not spectacular). By far the most spectacular section is the desserts. 2 flavors of macarons were chewy fun and Red Velvet Cookies were worth a try. Save room for the Gelato and get a couple of the huge Chocolate-covered Strawberries.Service was fine. Our waitress brought drink (Mojito) re-orders and cleared plates as expected. She earned her tip.If you are at the Cosmopolitan or nearby hotel then the Wicked Spoon is an a-ok option when in the mood for an AYCE Buffet
4	I'm not a buffet person anymore. I prefer great food not okay food and endless portions. After checking out the reviews I thought if I was going to try a buffet it would be Wicked Spoon. Came in for lunch on a Tuesday. Price was $22.00 per a person and it includes one adult beverage. We didn't have a wait since we opted to sit at the bar instead of waiting for a table. The hostess escorted us to our seats and let us know we could get started. I recommend circling the buffet before filling the plate. There is so much to choose from; salads, carved meats, pastas, Chinese, Japanese, breakfast items and mucho desserts and sweets. During my visit I tried the carved chicken breast it was very good, moist and juicy. Green mixed salad, beet salad with feta and cucumber salad. All were fresh and taste good. Shrimp was served in a small clear plastic cup with the red cocktail sauce. It was okay not much flavor the sauce helped. The Mac n cheese was served in small metal pot. It was very cute but taste was just okay. It was a little runny but the bread crumb topping was delish. The smoked salmon was very good . It was served on a small platter with capers and cucumbers. I tried a few pieces of spicy tuna and california rolls. They were okay not much to remember. Now for the important stuff DESSERT!! I had two of the huge chocolate covered strawberries. OMG so good they were topped with Oreo cookie crumbles. I could have eaten until I got myself sick off of them. Next dessert victim was a cake pop. It was chocolate cake with a dark chocolate hard outside covered with gold flakes. A small bite was enough it was so rich. I stole a small bite of the apple crumble served in a small metal pot. It was okay nothing special. Service was not good. The waiter was MIA  95% of the time. He checked on us once. Then he took our water carafe, napkins and silverware when we went up for the last trip and never replaced it. I don't think he cared to checked to see if we came back. We normally tip when we are dining at buffets but needless to say we didn't this time. I wouldn't let the bad service stop us from coming back. The food was good for a buffet, price is fair and the buffet line was clean. I like how most of the items are portioned out in small bowls and containers.
5	I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but this is THE funnest buffet to dine at. I could not stop gushing about the cute dishware: chinese chicken wings in the mini fryer, meatballs in the tiny sauce pan,  gazpacho in glass cups. LOVE. You know food tastes better with good presentation and this place is not only yummy but pretty, some would say whimsical/cool/fun/quaint. You can get little bites of everything. They're like little packages of YUM and I love that there are different sections. I loved the asian section although the sushi wasn't spectacular. Also, yes they have snow crab legs. They also have mussels with your choice of butter like mango butter or lime butter (made when you order). But even better, they have bone marrow (I just wish they served it with broth, maybe with some noodles and scallions which is how I love it best).The dessert section has gelato!I would definitely come back.
4	I always learn anew that buffets are a place of plenty rather than good. As far as buffets go, the Wicked Spoon has well above average buffet quality food. Their unique thing is to have servings in cute miniature pots and serving dishes. There are big wood boards with five pieces of different cheese. It makes it special to have a little cheese course, rather than gobbling piles of artery-jammers onto your plate. There were tiny deep frying dishes that held a portion of fish and chips.The one disappointment was that there was no fruit. I'm a big fan of fruit. I usually load up big time on fruit at the end. There were only chocolate covered strawberries. I didn't feel like scraping the chocolate of the strawberries to get a bowl of strawberries.
5	I dont frequent buffets. Its not my cup of tea. But after reading the reviews for this place and seeing the pictures... i had to try it for myself. What grosses me out about buffets, is that everything is disgusting and theres tons of people grabbing the same food you are and its just messy and you dont know people's habits of eating... so they could drop the spoon and put it back in the dish and you wouldve never known... Or they could sneeze on their hand and touch the same food without thinking twice of using hand sanitizer. But here... everything is served in little plates! BRILLIANT!OMG! Whoever thought of this deserves a promotion. Or a new title to "VP of buffet operations". Or a crown!The food was awesome! It was little and because of that, there was more portion control and therefore you could try so much more food. For the price and the service and the food... this place is my favorite buffet in all of Veags. I wish they had one in LA. :/ Boooo!!!!
5	OH M GEEEE this place was great. First off I loved that the line wasnt super long and I didnt have to faint in order to get a seat. That is a big plus for me. The decor was super modern and really tastefully decorated. Felt like we were at a real restaurant and not a buffet. Now onto what is really important and that is the food my friends. The first time we were there we didnt know what to do with ourselves. There were all these little pots with little samples of joy inside ranging from mac n cheese to duck ravioli. There was a huge selection of all types of food. And I mean all types. Seafood, asian, american, lots of carved meats, and even bone marrow. For the most part everything was just beyond delicious. Seriously. BEYOND delicious and for sure better than any other buffet I have ever tried. Two downsides though- the plates are super heavy and adding all those little pots makes it even heavier and I have a bum wrist after a break and it was just a tad annoying. Oh, and my husbands complaint was that not a lot of stuff fits on your plate b/c of the little pots. Basically we looked like the Klumps at sunday dinner by the end of the night with like 5 plates each b.c we "needed" to sample everything!! Best I ever had. Best in Vegas. No doubt!
5	Easily the best buffet we hit the entire trip! We went for brunch, which was around $35 per person and worth every stinkin penny. They had tons of different options like Italian, Asian, American etc. The presentation was unlike most buffets. The Asian noodle dishes came in little takeout containers, the fried chicken wings were served in mini fryer baskets etc. The food was also fantastic. I had some killer korean BBQ ribs, great Prosciutto pizza and tons of good desert items. I wish they had bone marrow on the brunch menu, but I won't toss that in as a complaint. Awesome, awesome, awesome. This is the ONLY spot that I'll make sure to hit every time i'm in town from now on.
3	Not sure what everyone is raving about. This place was a let down. "Best Buffet in Vegas"? - No, I don't think so.  The food presentation was nice, I give them that but everything else was just meh. I felt the buffet lacked variety and flavor and I regret choosing this place over the Wynn buffet (which IMO is so much better!).
4	I believe this place is a bit overhyped, but I'm gonna give the weekday brunch a try next time. For an early Saturday dinner (6:30), I was thanking the heavens above that there was no line. We literally paid and got a table in seconds. Yay! We were starving from walking from Aria and getting lost looking for the place, but what was most disappointing was the variety. I felt like there wasn't as much stuff as Wynn and M Resort buffets. And even though all the dishes were made well, the dessert bar was also underwhelming. I saw all this delicious stuff but everything tasted mediocre. The only things memorable were the sauteed shrimp that's made to order, the risotto, and the gelato. The snow crab legs were cut so thin, and the bone marrow was pretty much all fat. I couldn't get myself to eat more than 1 bone marrow, so that was a bust. Also, the macarons from the dessert bar were too sweet and the texture wasn't right, either. I actually preferred the savory stuff over sweets this time, and that never happens at Vegas buffets for me! Their shrimp was definitely the highlight being so juicy and plump! They give you like four choices of butter to saute in, and ALL of them are amazing!Overall, I just had really high expectations for the dessert bar, and I was sorely disappointed. However, $22 for a weekday brunch sounds pretty good since their food is pretty fresh, and the only thing I love more than dessert is egg. It's worth giving it a try, but I prefer the M Resort buffet for dinner.
1	I cannot believe people are saying this place is the best. Considering this place is new I would have expected better. First we went there at 9am for the brunch. They opened at 8am and when we got there the food was cold !! Not room temperature cold! I was so excited because my friend said it was awesome. I was excited to see dinner food at brunch. It all looked so good. But nothing I ate except the egg drop soup was even hot. The first cup of egg drop soup I had was luke warm the second was hot like it should have been in the first place. Let me tell you the heat lamps or boiling water under the food that must not have been working. I could see steam coming from the bottom but really everything was cold.I got the following:Tri Tip with sauce- I was afraid to eat it because I don't eat cold red meat when its coldGreen Beans- Good flavor just needed to be hot or at least luke warmEggs Benedict- English muffin was so hard I could barely cut with knife!Biscuit and gravy- blehspinach quiche- not very good no tasteGrapes- awesome!Egg Drop soup- pretty good taste and what made it better was the temperaturePeach cobbler- good taste would have been awesome if hot.I was going to get an omelet however first the green bell peppers looked like they were chopped up days earlier. They had no red bell peppers, the onions were already grilled not sure why I like them raw and so were the mushrooms and the line was pretty long. But I walked out of it after seeing the bell peppers.I stopped eating because I was so disappointed and waited for the secret pizza place to open.
5	Sorry Wynn, but I have a new fave buffet! I first attempt to eat here for lunch was thwarted by the fact that on weekends it only runs til 3PM. I got there at 2:30 so I didn't think it was worth it. The people who stayed in line begged to differ though and now I can see why. This time I got in line a little before 12 on a Sunday and the line moved pretty quickly. It only took about 10 minutes for my group of 3 to get a table and start doing some damage.Ribs - Fatty, meaty, and 100% delicious!! I would have gotten another if it weren't for the fact that I had so many other things to try.Korean BBQ Ribs - Too tough. Took a bite and gave up on the rest. Can't waste precious stomach space on food that isn't bomb. Chicken Wings- These come in an adorable mini-fryer. Honestly I got it for the presentation, but the wings themselves were crispy and amazing all on their own!Gnocchi - Good, but wasting stomach space on carbs at a buffet is an amateur move.Salmon - A nice and strong lemon flavor that accented the fish very well. Corn on a Cob - With one bite I felt like no corn I will have from now til my next Wicked  Spoon trip will ever measure up.**Crispy Pork** - DO NOT OVERLOOK THIS DISH ALBEIT IT'S UNAPPEALING APPEARANCE, FELLOW YELPERS!!!! It was hands down the most amazing dish I've ever had in Vegas. I originally got it for the single fried plantain chip because the dish hardly looked appetizing. The pork itself is dry and I'm not a fan of black beans. I was about to cast it in the rejection pile but for some reason I dug past the beans and came upon rice. THE RICE WAS SO DELICIOUS THAT I FINISHED THE ENTIRE DISH minus the dry pork. It soaked up all the fat from the pork and sent me straight to fatty heaven. Macarons - There were 2 different flavors: berry and mango, both of which were good.Chocolate Dipped Chocolate Cake Pop - Thick and moist and a lot better than it looks.We left in solid food comas a little past 1 and the line was pretty bad. Come before 12 to avoid the madness! Don't sleep in! Vegas isn't a place to sleep anyway!Wicked Spoon, at $31 for Sunday brunch, was well worth my money. I look forward to my return. GET THE CRISPY PORK!!!!!!!
3	I tried Wicked Spoon Buffet for lunch on a Friday, and I was pleasantly surprised that there wasn't a long line to get in.  We had the choice of complimentary first round of mimosas (DELISH), champagne, and bloody mary (I believe).  Mimosas were so good, I was wishing it was unlimited!  The atmosphere is really nice and we were seated near the dessert area.  I was slightly overwhelmed by the food options and everything I wanted was served in these metal bowls that took up lots of space on my plate so I kept going back for rounds.  My favorite dish was the Angry Mac and Cheese (I think that is what it's called).  It was cheesy with a nice kick to it.  The Tri-tip was next on my list of favorites.  The dessert options were not as exciting as I have seen at other buffets, but the gelato was absolutely amazing.  Overall, presentation of the food was very nice, but I felt like the food options were okay.  I was hoping for some seafood and meat variety and more exciting desserts like made to order crepes, fondue fountain, etc. like I have seen at other buffets.
4	There was a huge selection! I did enjoy most of the things that went on my plate...the creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, prime rib sandwich, crab legs, and braised pork ribs were my favorites. The bone marrow was a dissapointment...all fat, no marrow! Eew!  I was really looking forward to the dessert and grabbed a plate full of tiny bites to sample, but everything was SO DAMN SWEET! Even the macaroons were too sweet and those were what I was really looking foward to! Ick! The one dessert I did enjoy was the gelato.....mmmm mmmm goodness with a subtle hint of sweet. Just as I like it!All in all, good food, bad desserts. FYI: I decided to stay away from the buffets for the rest of the stay as I ate so much it pretty much kept me full the rest of the damn weekend! Lol.
3	My friends kept raving about this place being one of the best buffets in Vegas even more so than my all-time favorite; Studio B @ the M resort. I decided to give it a shot and see what all the hype was about. Priced a little over $31 for lunch, I thought the price was pretty decent considering it's suppose to be one of the "best buffets" in Vegas. When we got in I was really excited to see all the various dishes presented so nicely. I love the portion control on most of their items and how they come in these little metal containers with handles. I was thoroughly disappointed with how most of the items tasted. Everything definitely looks way better than it tastes. Normally the dessert bar is one of the things I look forward to the most at buffets. I tried almost every item at the dessert bar and was not impressed at all. The service couldn't have been worse. It seems like they have a lack of waiters/waitresses because it took forever for them to come by and take our dirty plates. It got to the point where we were piling plates on top of plates and constantly having to rearrange things so that things wouldn't topple over. On top of that, we never got a refill on our drinks! -_- If you do come here, I think the only few dishes that stood out to me and are worth the calories are: + Corn on the Cob + Grilled Salmon+ Fried Chicken + Chicken Apple Sausage + Shrimp Cocktail + Mac n' CheeseSorry Wicked Spoon, but you ain't got nuthen on Studio B!
3	Went for lunch (brunch?) on a Saturday; price was $29 and the line wasn't too bad. Had a decent selection of food- sushi (fish was good, rice was not), pizza/pasta, salad bar, meats, and they still had some breakfast food available. Don't think I saw much seafood, though. Not much of a sweets person, but they had a good dessert section that included gelato, mmm...Overall, I was satisfied yet not very impressed, their dinner buffet seems to be better so I'd go back for that.
4	This was fantastic.  We spent a long weekend in Vegas and this was one of two buffets we made it out to (the other being the Bellagio).  I could not have been happier with our decision to check out the Cosmopolitan and eat here.  Skip to the bottom of my review to checkout the highlights of our meal.First of all, the hotel, casino, and Wicked Spoon itself are all gorgeous.  They are done up in modern chic and feel more like a club/lounge than a hotel or buffet.  This may not appeal to all visitors since the lighting tends to be darker and more ambient than most other locals in Vegas.  To me, it was refreshing and a pleasant alternative to all the blinding ads and lights of other hotel/casinos.  Wicked Spoon (and The Cosmopolitan) is certainly aimed at a younger crowd, and this was something else I really enjoyed.  Not so much because I feel more comfortable around people my age, but more so because there were not many families and children all over the place.One last thing before I get to the food.  The service was great for a buffet.  Our server, Robert, was a pleasure to have around and took great care of us even though we just took advantage of the house beverages.  The busing staff was equally pleasant and even chatted/joked around with us.  Let me preface the food section with this little bit of info: we spent TWO hours eating.  By the time we left, we had literally tried everything they had to offer.  There were four of us eating dinner, and we did it up family style.  This wasn't a problem, since everything is single serve.  Instead of shoveling a spoon full of pasta on your plate, there is a nicely bowled serving of it waiting for you under the buffet glass.  This let us each take something we were interested in back to the table and pass it around until each of us had a sample.  The layout of the buffet also assisted us in pacing our meal.  We were surprised to see a starter/charcuterie section, let alone one that had great fresh cuts of meat, just the right sized bruschetta, and a bevy of other palette cleansing single bite h'orderves.  The desert section was another surprise with about a dozen flavors of gelato and a bunch of beautifully plated deserts ranging from gelatin and custard shooter to traditional fare like cheesecake and cookies.  I could continue on to all the entrees and sides, but I doubt you really want the entire menu in my review (it's already long enough).  I've broken it down in to the highlights and the misses below, everything else fell somewhere in between and more often than not was quite good.  I'm also sure there are things I'm forgetting since we spent so much time in Wicked Spoon, but the point is, it was well worth the two hours we sat and ate.   Food highlights: the Country Style Bacon, the desert shooters, just about everything from the starter/charcuterie section, and (surprisingly) the tostada el pastor.  Misses: fish and chips, mac and cheese, and most of the Asian section.
4	On a recent visit I signed up for the comp card membership and won a free meal here, so I did brunch.WOW.By far the best buffet on the strip.After being let down by the Flamingo's version of a buffet (that review to follow), I wasn't expecting much coming here  - despite the casino's nice art deco touch.Variety is the theme here - too much to choose from so I went with pork ribs braised with Kim Chee bbq sauce and orange chicken, chicken provencal, fresh string beans and "Wicked Chicken" (chicken wings served in a small basket).  Ended with fresh fruit, brie, and fresh thinly sliced salami (can't remember the name of it).  Didn't get a chance to have a mimosa but was very satified with what I did try. I didn't even bother checking out the dessert section (although I did see some one with chocolate covered strawberries).  The cost for brunch is $29 and I think it's well worth the price.Will definitely come back on my next vist to Vegas- especially to check out their happy hour.
4	I'd been hearing and reading about this place for a while now. It was the only place I had to eat on my last visit to Vegas. Of course it ended up being our last meal and boy did I stuff my face good. It was Sunday brunch. We met up with friends and they got here like a half an hour before us so they did all that waiting and boring stuff. When we got there, we got to wait shorter in the "invited guests line" since we didn't need to be seated - we just had to pay. Nice. Except they charged us gratuity (an extra like $4) because we had a large party (9 of us). Service wasn't even great - had to flag someone down multiple times to take our empty plates and to get refills on drinks. Whatevs. I should've did a walk-through before I started loading up my plate but I was starving. So many choices. Even if I wanted to try a bite of everything, I couldn't -it's just so much. And everything looked delish. There was an omelet bar that I skipped over. And no salad or cold food for me. I stuck mostly to the hot, hard to prepare foods. Well except for the smoked salmon and shrimp cocktail. I only got two plates but still wasted some of the food on the second plate. Tried to hide it the best I could. My favorite was probably the thick slabs of bacon at the carving station as well as the little pots of individual pasta. Mmm. Though I should've saved room for dessert. I really just wanted to put everything on my plate. I think I ended up with the cheesecake and the chocolate covered strawberries. Oh and the gelato - balsamic strawberry. Can you tell I love anything strawberry? Haha. Not bad for just $35. I wanna come back for dinner one day soon.
5	The best buffet I've been to. I don't think buffets get much better than this (in terms of quantity and quality). There were quite a few meat dishes, and the taste of the food was pretty good, much better than Wynn buffet. There were of course a few not so good dishes, but many enjoyable ones.I liked the french toast, the pancakes were normal (hard to go wrong w/ pancakes), the broccoli rabe, angry mac 'n cheese was good, chili lime coleslaw, the corn on the cob, gnocci was decent, eggs benedict was tasty, the small salad was fresh, slice of ham and the chocolate strawberries. I was also surprised the egg drop soup was good.I wasn't a fan of the fried chicken, the baked lasagna, the pizzas (not tasty), the oatmeal (far too mushy), the "banh mi", or most of the asian entrees (I found these to be quite off the mark, for example the kalbi while not bad, was not authentic). The ice cream/gelato was also slightly too sweet and tasted artificial. Most buffets and AYCE, I only go once to satisfy my curiosity. I would come back to Wicked Spoon one day, and that says a lot.The decor here also feels luxurious and upscale, fancy placemats, beautiful and interesting decor, and modern warm lighting. It was a hit both in terms of decor and food (but remember, it's still a buffet). The weekday brunch is $22 + tax. There was only a short line around noon.
5	It's the most upscale, foodie-inspired buffet ever.I had never been inside The Cosmopolitan but wow, that's nice, too. It reminded me of The Standard in Los Angeles or The Paramount in New York -- modern, hip and tres too hip for it's own good, really. But whatever. I'm a sucker and I fall for Too Hip every time.So - the buffet. Oh. Just. Wow.Great presentation of lots of dishes, using little pans and pots and Chinese takeout. The host was awesome and so was my server. Food : Shrimp n' Grits! Good Asian selection including a General Tso's Pig Tail which sure seemed to be an actual tail. Of a pig! Lots of yummy nom noms everywhere. Marrow! At a buffet! Ceviche! Cheese and seafood and of course prime rib. Because it's the law. Really, nicest buffet ever. Go foodie go.
3	Likes: Pretty on the outside, complimentary choice of mimosa or champagne, typical buffet food like sushi, tri-tip, desserts (sorbet mm), no pineapple but they had red and yellow watermelons which threw me off, chicken was a little dry, spare ribs, edamame came in cute little chinese takeout boxes but the sweet and spicy sauce on it I wasn't fond ofDislikes: I've eaten at better buffets.  I wasn't wowed.  AND they had no seafood!
5	Best buffet is Las Vegas!!
4	Before coming in to this Buffet, I have starved myself all day long till 5pm, wishing I could eat the most out of that $35. Lined up around 5 and seated right away because it was still early. We were greeted by a wine bottle ($20 extra) and a glass bottle water on the table. Very classy but why should I pay $20 more for a cheap wine that I could get for $8 or cheaper. They made the buffet look soo much cleaner with individual portion set up so other people would be digging through every piece of thing in whatever it was. So the food.....Meat was tender and juicy? YES! Mexican Hard Tacos? YES!Pasta? YES!Fresh Tasting seafood? YES! yumSalads? YES!Fruits? YES!!Sushi? MEEEH - there were only 3 selection and it look quite lonely over there. DESSERT? YES YES YES!!!  Sorry But I need to add on to dessert, - CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES? YES!!!!All in all, it was a very delicious night for me and my partner in crime. We went for more than five rounds and didn't want to stop. But if we dont, we will end up having our server calling 911 for us for over eating. Thanks to wicked spoon, I have added on a few pounds before I leave Vegas, but I would come back for this Buffet if I am in town again.
4	Fantastic place to end a drunken weekend in Vegas and be a fatty. In style. This buffet is probably one of the best quality that also offers the biggest diversity of foods. Good thing I have a bottomless stomach, and am the "trash-compactor" of my friends =).They offer everything from fruits, to breakfast, brunch, pizzas, pastas, meats, hearty American, Asian, sushi, and omg the desserts desserts desserts. They were all absolutely gorgeous and new ones were coming out all the time I could barely keep up with trying all of them. Highlights: The brunch foods were quite good, and there was this yogurt/granola/fruit parfait that I really liked too. The Asian food was probably the biggest disappointment. The pizza was a good quality thin crust. And the pastas were pretty good too. For desserts, a lot of the smaller cake-like pastries are similar and not the best/ worth trying. But the cake lollipops were fantastic, and the ice cream bar a great way to end the meal. We were all stuffed at the end of our 4 hour food extravaganza and loving it.
5	The best buffett in Vegas so far. It is missing the consistency of food; they change their menu too often. I came back for their delicious lamb chops but there werent serving them anymore. There was lamb shank instead.  Good variety of desserts, which includes gelato.Lunch is $35.
2	The food wasn't that great. You'd see something that looked good, take one bite of it, and let the server take it away. Because the food wasn't satisfying, I kept eating more and more to compensate, which resulted in me feeling nautious for the next hour.The redeeming parts were the deserts and the free Buffet Liquor (Mimosa, etc.). The deserts were very tasty.
4	SCRUMPTIOUS!! The potato gratin with white truffle was to die for. I love the idea of little spoons to place the food in.  I didnt get too full too fast which is what usually happens to me at buffets.  The desert actually disappointed me=( i dont like my choco covered strawberries drizzled in nuts  However the choco covered marshmellows were delish!
4	They have everything!! A group of 4 of us went here and we all came back to the table with different things. They have breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert and all the in-betweens. Each thing is individually portioned out with the cutest little containers and each thing on our plates was super good. It is a little pricey, $30/plate, $38 with all you can drink but if you're hungry/thirsty, its worth it. This is a gormet buffet if I've ever had one...
5	Before we headed back to Phoenix, we decided to try this buffet out for a late Saturday breakfast. We had tried some of the buffets under the Buffet of Buffets deal, but I had been wanting to come to the Wicked Spoon buffet for awhile. It was $30 for brunch. The wait wasn't too bad (15 minutes) but the line grew big time behind us. There were only two cashiers so I pitied the people waiting behind us. There were a multitude of options and what I really liked was that it was more than just breakfast food. Just like other buffets, there were different types of ethnic food: Asian, Italian, America, Mexican, etc. The presentation of the food was more than just plating; There were items in mini fryer baskets, chinese noodles in take-out boxes, gnocchi in covered skillets, chocolate lava cake in mini cast iron bowls. So cool. My favorites were the chicken street tacos, french toast, and gnocchi, but there wasn't that I didn't like it. The desserts were great, too. I loved this place. It was definitely the best of all the buffets I tried.
3	Ambiance:*Nice decor, but a little on the dark side and it's cold.Food:*Really good for a buffet.*They are known for their bone marrow, but I think it's way too fatty.*Best food was the chocolate dipped strawberries, every thing else was good for buffet food.
5	I love this place! The food is great and so unique. Its not your typical vegas buffet, they serve small portions in little bowls and pans. Desserts were yummy! Its kind of pricey but what can you say it is pretty fancy! :)
4	WOW. That is all I can say!Never have I been to a buffet that has such a wide selection of all kinds of delicious food. From Asian cuisine, European, to Soul food, this buffet has everything! They have an omelet bar, so you can request the chef to create your own. I also love that Wicked Spoon serves dishes in certain portions so that you won't over stuff yourself. Not only will you save a ton of calories like this, but this will give you a chance to try out everything this buffet has to offer!I will admit that this was my first buffet in Vegas lol. However, I was pretty bummed that I didn't get to try everything out. Some of the dishes that were to die for were: the ribs, mac-n-cheese, and pasta dishes. I loved that the ribs were very smokey and the meat was very moist. The mac-n-cheese was probably the creamiest mac-n-cheese I've ever tried (even better than Roscoes!), and the pasta dishes were very unique in their own ways. I also loved their desserts, especially their cheesecake! But one thing that sucked was that they didn't have a huge selection. However, definitely do not try out their Asian cuisine though. I may be biased because I'm Asian, but their vegetarian fried rice was very salty!
5	I absolutely love the buffet here! The way things are in small portions definitely makes it easier to get a taste of everything! They do a great job with their presentation.  Meats are juicy and tender.  The seafood is fresh and delicious. Salads were just right in portion, already made in little bowls.  Any traditional dishes will just surprise you.  There's a great variety to choose from and is definitely worth the wait! The ambiance was perfect also, not too loud, and everything was clean and quite new.  I've been here twice already and recommend it as a must try to anyone that hasn't been here yet!  Oh and don't forget to leave room for their vast array of desserts! Try the many different flavors of gelato!As embarrassing as it sounds, one reason I love Vegas so much is its buffets. Vegas trips aren't complete without a good buffet and Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon certainly fulfills that craving.
2	I don't know why this place is so highly rated and raved about.  One of the most disappointing buffets I've had in Vegas (and I've tried almost all of them).  The type of food is higher notch than most Vegas buffets.  Items like BBQ shrimp with grits, pappardelle noodles with beef, lamb ragout, gnoochi with shrimp, roasted lamb, even bone marrow.  Although the items were of a more gourmet taste, the flavors of almost all the dishes were completely lacking.  They had the right idea but it's just not executed well.  My entire party agreed that almost all the food was bland.  The only saving grace was the dessert buffet.  The desserts were very good and the gelato was great.  For around $45 per person, the Wynn buffet is a far better option.
4	My bf and I really enjoyed this buffet. Our favorite has been the Wynn but after trying out the Wicked Spoon, we both agreed that we now have two favorites! The presentation of the food at this buffet is so unique and fun... Some serving sizes are already prepared for you- each one in its own little pot or Asian carry-out box etc.I've been to a few Las Vegas buffets and all of them are terrible at doing Asian food. It's always cooked strangely or lacking flavor. This is not the case at Wicked Spoon. All of their Asian food tasted great. They had fried rice and a couple different chicken and pork dishes that I loved. They also have Sriracha and anyone who loves spicy will appreciate that. The only Asian food I didn't care for here was their sushi. Too small with barely any fish/crab in the rolls.Their dessert section.... So many different sweets for you to try. I particularly enjoyed the apple pie with a scoop of vanilla gelato on top and their chocolate strawberries. If you're at the City Center, I would highly recommend this buffet over Aria's.My only complaint would be that we arrived around 9pm (they closed at 10) and we noticed that many dishes were gone but they were not refilling them. We knew because there were still place cards out with the names of other dishes not on display anymore. Some of them sounded intriguing and we wished we'd been able to try them! This would not stop me from coming back here though, next time we'll just get there earlier.
5	By far mine and my bf's fave buffet so far at Vegas. Really can't beat it. Sooo many things to choose from and they don't serve you any old crap. Really good quality food. Highly recommended.
5	Legit. The dessert area is amazingggggg! Save lots of room for dessert. Everything is miniture. and DELICIOUS. I liked the chicken pot pie, the shrimp with grits and the DESSERT BAR! lots of gelato and the cake pops are to die for. they are dipped in godiva chocolate.
4	Best buffet i've ever been to. Expensive, but you definitely get your money's worth. Loved the mac n cheese, the bacon and sausage, the desserts. Great service. Bring an appetite!
5	Located in the Cosmopolitan hotel, the lines are long unless you have comps and a players card.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.
2	Disappointing! Wicked Spoon gets 1 star for their omelet bar and 1 star for their shrimp cocktails/salmon selection. I came here for brunch and the omelet bar was probably the best selection for a solid meal. The cooks at the bar were really nice and gave me extra mushrooms and avocado so I had a GIANT omelet. I felt like I should have ordered a smaller portion so that I could try other things but everything else was poor in quality and taste that the omelet really held me over. I probably got most of my money back from eating all their random salmon options and shrimp cocktail cups. All the other hot foods were subpar and their wicked chicken wasn't impressive either. Their dessert bar isn't as extravagant as it appears since half of it is just sugar-free options of the same desserts. They do have a gelato bar though, but don't get the blood orange flavor because it has a weird taste and left my tongue feeling all numb. The line is also ridiculously long so you might want to prepare other options.
2	Had brunch today here, the pastas seemed all crusted and stale. They ran out of straws..are you serious? I had to wait 30 minutes to get a straw so I could sip on my juice. Im mad.
5	Brunch is awesome. Aside from the usual brunch stuff that you get at any of the high end hotel buffets the dessert bar is amazing. GIANT chocolate covered strawberries, brownie cake pops, tons of flavors of gelato, cheesecake, strawberry shortcake. All us girls were in love. The staff was super nice too and the guy making the omelets as well as the dessert bar guy made some fun conversation while they were serving you.The drink (mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne) that you get with the brunch helps too.Get here EARLY though. One day we tried to go at around 10:45 and the line was crazy.
5	OMG, sooooooo good!  The Wicked Spoon Buffet was the highlight of my 3 night trip to Las Vegas.  We also went to the dinner buffet at the Wynn, but I really thought the Wicked Spoon was sooooo much better!  I must admit, I am not a seafood lover.  However, my friend LOVES seafood and she enjoyed their crab (saying it was about the same as the Wynn) and she loved the station where you choose one of 4 types of butter and could get sauteed mussels, scallops, and shrimp.  We thought the prime rib was better than the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon had more exotic offerings like bone marrow and rack of lamb which I did not try.  I like the style of how the dishes are served too.  For example, the fish and chips came in its own miniature fryer basket and the chocolate cake came in its own sauce pan.  I'm a bit of a germaphobe so the individual portions are a plus for me.  The best thing for me about the buffet was the dessert!  They didn't just look pretty. They REALLY TASTED AMAZING!  My friend said I had enough dessert for 4 people and I still didn't try everything!  If you are thinking of going, GO! :)
3	The short version - skip the dinner and just get dessert.  Trust me.The long version:We were super excited to try a new buffet in Vegas. Although we love the Wynn, we figured we should branch out with our most recent visit. The reviews on Yelp were all glowing, and the pictures were drool-inducing.But maybe we should have headed the signs the gods were sending us not to go.  We got lost not once, but twice on our way there as no one in that complex seems able to give good directions and it is way out of the way in the bowels of the beast.  Seriously, there is no way you would be able to find it without directions. The signage was crap.On to the food though.  By the time we finally arrived we were starving and ready to go. As per usual buffet routine, we each grabbed a tiny bit of everything during the first round (or as many bits as would fit on our plates). Here we encountered problem  #1.  Predetermined portions (unless small) should never be used in Buffets. particularly when they plate dishes on too big of plates and one can only grab one or two items on a trip.  For example, there were like three varieties of mac and cheese, none of which were good, yet we had to take three sizable ramekins to find this out. I hate throwing food out.Problem #2. Yes, fusion is fun, but not every dish needs to be a "wow, i never thought those two things would go together!"  Sometimes the classics are ok. Really. Dishes that fell into this category were so un-memorable I've forgotten them already, but trust me, there were quite a few.Problem #3. Sushi. I agree, sushi really should not be a sushi dish.  But if you are going to serve it, and you are in vegas, home of the sushi buffet for some reason, you need to keep it fresh. Blegh.And now on to the good things...Awesomeness #1 Marrow.  I know people have commented it on it many atime, but crap, it's so good.Awesomeness #2 the dessert bar.  Oh my lord. Seriously. Next time it will be straight to this section. The sheer variety was awesome, but of all the pieces we tried, there was not one bad or even mediocre one.  The Lady Godiva Chocolate Lolis.....just think of super moist brownies with an amazing chocolate shell. And cheesecake with just enough lemon zest....dare I say it, better than homemade. And the homemade marshmallows will change your whole perspective on things.I could go on and on, and am very tempted to, but that would just be cruel.Awesomeness #3 Best wait staff in a buffet. Glasses always full, plates always cleared and nice to boot.Overall, -2 stars for the main dinner, but the dessert alone is worth it.  We'll just make sure to hit the Wynn buffet earlier in the day.
5	my favorite buffet on the strip! now granted i haven't been to all of them, i'm not made of money, but this is the best one by far! my dad did us all a grand favor and waited an hour in line so we'd be first to go in and boy was i thankful! the food is served in little tins which is cute and even though i found it slightly inconvenient at first to try to fit them on the plate, i later liked it because it kinda helps minimize/limit how much food you get.  the food was all delicious and well cooked! but my favorite thing by far was the beignets that came with a mouth watering raspberry sauce that you could dip them in! aahh just thinking about it makes me hungry haha go go go go! :)
4	Great service, Tony (from Hawaii) was our waiter and he and the other staff members are great! Our Champagne and Mimosas never ran out! Brunch:Food- Very Good, great variety. French Toast was big and good, the carving station with the thick bacon was great. some food items came in these cute boxes so it kepteverything separated, Overall, very much enjoyed and will be going back
3	Probably 3.5 stars.I was so excited for this visit. I read hundreds of reviews of dozens of buffets and this is the one place I decided that I must visit while in Vegas. I was under the impression that this was some sort of gourmet (and I use that term very loosely) buffet, but it turned out to be buffet quality food dressed up to resemble fine dinning. I think this place employs a little mental judo with their presentation, fooling people into thinking that it's better than it is with neat little individual servings.Don't get me wrong, this is better than a Home Town Buffet, by far, and its probably in the top seventy-fifth percentile of Vegas buffets, BUT, amongst a party of ten, having tried almost every item on the buffet, at the end, we were hard pressed to identify any stand out items. More times than not, we would bring food back to the table with a giddy excitement, only to be disappointed once we tried it.Contrary to many reviews, we found the desserts to be worst part. Very disappointed in every dessert I tried except the gelato, which isn't hard to pull off. Ps. We didn't even have to wait in line.*** I had a better meal at The Spice Market Buffet in Planet Hollywood.
4	Easily the BEST buffet I have ever had!!!They have a variety of dishes from different cultures. The food is fresh and delicious. The most impressive thing is they split most dishes into smaller containers which is really cute. It's a little incovenient at the beginning because I had a hard time to fit 3 or 4 small tins and pots on my plate. However I feel like these are specially made for me and I enjoy it a lot.It's a little pricy but well worth the money. We will be back!
4	Not your every day buffet. Found this placing cruising with friends throug the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the Vegas strip. Ambience was up scale. modern, relaxed-chic ( like the rest of the hotel)....Weren't sure it was for us untl Hannah, the articulate and bright hostess, offered to take us on a personal guided tour. Her knowledge of the menu, ingrediants and her enthusuatic presentation was impressive. We dicided to give it a try and Hannah escorted us to the front of the check-in line and seated us at one of the best tables in the house ( I'm in corporate sales so I really appreciate a place that tries hard to win me over ) We were not disappointed . All portions are petit, served in either 3" diameter mini pots, or on small plates. Dishes are nicely organized into salad/appetizer section, sides section, entre sections, and desert section. Favorite salads included heirloom tomoato and crumbled bacon, artichoke and crab, and grilled pear on goast cheese and pesto (...to die for). Favorite sides include the angry mac and cheese, truffle scallop potatoes, and cream spinach. Favorite enters included veal meatball over pasta, five spice Korean BBQ rib, and grilled BBQ shrimp over of all things...grits! ( not a grit person but this was the tastiest offering in the buffet. Desert section included a gelato bar. The stand our here was the rcommended hot lava chocolate cake topped with a scoop of coffee gelato. Close second was the dark chocolate dipped strawberry with toffee bits. The entire experience was an adventure, and since protions are small, you don't feel bad if one of the dishes is not for you ( for instance, found I am not a lover of bone marrow ). I highly rcommend the Wicked Spoon the next time you are on the strip but want to get off the beaten path.
4	*4.5 stars out of 5*Three things Vegas is synonymous with: Gambling, Clubbing, and Buffets.  Cosmopolitan's Wicket Spoon is a great example of what a legitimate high-end buffet should be like.  Once you walk through the maze-like route just to find the buffet (though the hotel is beautiful and worth the walk), your eyes fall upon some simple back-lit display of the buffet's name.  While a bit pricey if your table is 6 or more (18% gratuity added to each person, thus bringing dinner to $44 after tax/tip), overall I felt Wicked Spoon is worth the price of admission at least once if not a few times.  I wouldn't give it 5 stars only because it was missing some of the foods that I personally like. I've had the share of "nice" and many not-so-nice buffets, and Wicked Spoon would rank in top 3 of my buffets in terms of selection of all types of fine cuisine, tastiness of several dishes that I tried (not everything is great...esp that soba noodle dish, don't get it), and their dessert bar is amazingggg.  Another nice touch is that rather than have your server bring glasses of water from a unmarked pitcher of tap water, Wicked Spoon goes the extra mile to provide ornate "bottled" glass pitchers of water at each table that tastes pretty good for water lol Whether this is actually a placebo effect and my mind is easily amused by bottled-glass-water, it's the experience that matters!  The waiters/waitresses realllly earn their tips as they are very quick about clearing your table of empty dishes; the dishes they use are high quality, HEAVY ceramic ones too....so I felt bad that ours had to clear our table of 10's dishes over and over again.  She get's an A for great service, especially at a buffet where her focus wasn't just our table but the 6+ tables around us.Food-wise, Wicket Spoon has the typical potpourri of carvery meats, seafood options, asian-themed foods (i really can't recommend asian foods @ non-asian restaurants, it never tastes "right"), and then of course a sumptuous dessert bar.  The presentation of many of their dishes exhibits extra flair compared to all other buffets; rather than typical presentations on smaller dishes or even just "get your own" from within a larger bowl, Wicked Spoon serves their entrees on small, metal pot-like devices.  It's not very space efficient on your plate, but it allows each serving to taste more consistent and most likely better than if you were to grab your own serving size from a larger mass.  Please save room for dessert as their gelato bar is as good as any other gelato bar that you have to normally pay-per-scoop! The have 18 flavors and I could only cram 6 different varieties into my stomach before I felt like exploding.  In addition, there's an assortment of "Godiva-like" creations such as dark chocolate + crunch dipped strawberrys, Godiva-cakes on-a-stick, cheesecakes, and many other pastries that looked delectable but not physically affordable in my stomach :(   Another thing, I was hungover while eating @ Wicked Spoon and it still tasted good and I was still able to eat a good amount!  That means if once prepares for the "experience" of a buffet (i.e. starving themselves beforehand), this could be potentially a fantastic gluttonous experience!!
4	I wish I could go there everyday !!! I wish I had an extra tummy ! :) And I wish we had something like this place over here that I could go everyday! :)
3	This buffet just did not hit the spot. Although the service was great, the just lacked flavor. I believe the biggest issue with this buffet is what makes it so appealing. The amount of food, and the array of different dishes were truly amazing. It honestly shocked me to think how much works must've gone into preparing each dish. My only issue with the items is that lack of flavor, and simply terrible seasoning mistakes.None of the items had any sort of flavor unless the item spoke up for itself. The best thing they had out there was scalloped potatoes and their mashed potatoes next to the prime rib.The prime rib was good, but it lacked salt. There was no crust on the prime rib. But it was tender and delicious. As far as other proteins go, they were just OK. The crab was okay, the shrimp was not good at all. I was happy that I just needed to pop them in my mouth. But then you actually bite down into the shrimp and it was just not good. It just tasted chewy, no shrimp flavor, nothing. It's comparable to the shrimp I've eaten at Station Casinos. The Asian station OK. Orange chicken was a good dish. The TO-GO boxes were a nice touch. Then we moved onto the bruschetta. You bit into it and it was like your mouth was full of salt. What a mistake. I spit it out as soon as I bit into it. The desserts were all bland and not tasteful. It's hard to screw up chocolate covered strawberries. (Although, I just wanted plain ones and not ones covered in candy or graham cracker) The only thing that actually was good was the Gelato. IT was delicious! Along with the coffee. I think this buffet has its advantages with the amount of different dishes it serves. But I would rather have a few good dishes then have a hundred mediocre dishes. I personally think Wynn Buffet or Aria's buffet is a better option. Better food, better proteins, and better desserts.
4	Best buffet I've ever been to in my life? No. One of the best in Vegas? For sure. Wicked Spoon offers a nice variety of options and has some cute touches that distinguish it from other buffets. I like that many of the offerings come in already proportioned serving sizes like shrimp cocktails or ceviches in shot glasses, mac and cheese or shrimp and grits in metal ramekins or edamame or noodles in chinese take out boxes. Some of the favorite dishes at our table was the mac and cheese (with a hint of spicyness), a corn risotto, and the shrimp and grits (the grits were pretty boring but the shrimp was good). They had a to order shrimp, mussels, clams, station. I tried it out but found it not too appealing and admittedly only had two of the mussels before passing on that plate. To speak to the variety offered in this place I was impressed when my friend returned to the table with a huge thing of bone marrow. Seriously, bone marrow, in a buffet? Variety. The dessert bar was fun as well. They have a gelato counter with a good selection of flavors. I found the gelato a little bit icy in texture but I've definitely had worse and I thought some of the flavors still turned out quite good. I enjoyed the PB & J and Salted Peanut Caramel the most.
3	I'm with K.P. 100% on this one. You can pretty much cut and paste her review here. (See her review below).Presentation +1Pork belly pancake +1Otherwise, I expected just a bit more for Sunday brunch for $29 and I didn't even get the notorious free mary or mimosa. In comparison, the Bellagio Buffet is $25 on the weekend, $31 with unlimited champagne and mimosas.  I'm hoping it was just an off day and willing to try it again.  Maybe a weekday will offer more bang for my buck.
4	Nice atmosphere, but miles away it seems, nestled deep in the Cosmo. Beautiful chandeliers and comfortable tables. Service for drinks was slow, but plate removal fast. The spread was good, but not as good as I was expecting. Still enough to fill me up and be pleased. We thought the brunch price was a great value.
5	Some people in my group weren't the biggest fans, but for my money, Wicked Spoon is the best bang for your buck for any Vegas buffet. I love the macaroni and cheese station and gelato station and my favorite was the slab bacon (what places CARVE bacon for you?) and the chocolate covered strawberries (perfect time of the year!) had OREOS on them!While Wicked Spoon isn't as big as the Bellagio, it's a little cheaper, there's more creativity in the food (SLAB BACON! pork shoulder, Koeran BBQ short ribs) and presentation (little deep fryer baskets of fried chicken), and the wait is shorter.
1	I guess lesson learned: never go to this place on a Monday, especially at 8pm. The selection really diminished. They only had three sushi rolls out and they all looked unappetizing and dry. There was only one soup available. They ran out of clams. The dessert area was reduced to just one bar area. The person that sat you was horrible! There were so many tables available but we still had to wait 20minutes for a table. They ended up cleaning up four tables for our party of 8 but we were standing in front of those tables for 15minutes prior to someone coming over to clean them. Wicked Spoon really just has normal foods (mac and cheese, lasagna, pastas, salads), placed in unique containers for presentation--that's it! The food was decent but not great for the price you pay. This was my third time here, and I must say the the quality of the food declines each time. Will not be going back.
5	My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas! The variety is not as big as other buffets, but the quality of the food makes up for it! For the food you get, the price is great! Prime rib, crab legs, risotto, lamb, asian food, pizza, cheese & crackers, chocolate covered strawberries, macarons, gelato, shrimp and grits, etc etc etc. Everything is on point!I love and hate the concept of portioning out the food in little dishes. Yes it's cute, but sometimes I don't want to try that much and I feel bad for wasting the food :(
2	We were here for dinner and I have to say I wasn't very impressed.  The presentation was good but the quality of the food was below average for what we paid.  I wouldn't come back.
5	Qualitativ hochwertiges Buffet, ausgezeichnete Auswahl. 35$ pro Person, aber jeden Cent wert.
2	Normally I just read others reviews instead of writing my own unless I really like the place or the other way around.  However, Wicked Spoon is the other way around.  This place totally not worth the dollar that we paid.  For $40 per person, I rather go to a better restaurant in Vegas and pick the dishes I like and well prepared!First of all, we went to Wicked Spoon on Monday night, we waited for 10min and got seated.  The service is just okay and got what I need.  However, I guess we are so lucky that maybe the regular chef are on their holiday and the food whoever prepared is not good at all....First I tried the Prime rib, I've never ate a prime rib that is so bad.  It's over cooked.....It was hard and dry...20 min later, I tired another slice from another batch.  Too bad, it's the same as the first one...hard and dry.  I give up on the Prime rib... and tried the Roast Lamb leg.  The chef cut a slice in the middle and it was RARE & RED.  I don't mind it's rare but it's too hard that I can't even chew or swallow ...FAIL!Also, there's a long line waiting for the chef to make shrimp/clam/mussel, at least 10 people in line all the time waiting for 1 chef to prepare them for you.  You only get a small portion and I feel bad to ask for more so I line up again....That's 10-15 min of wait each time I line up.  I can't imagine how you can get the food during weekend...Moreover, their choice of food are very limited.  No sushi/sashimi/seafood.  What they have are only small crap legs and sushi cut rolls with lots of rice who try to fill you up.  If you are looking forward for seafood or Japanese food/sushi, stay away from here.Lastly, their dessert are okay.  Mostly chocolate related, cakes and around 10 different kinds of Gelato.  However, I would also like to see some  melons.  (They have it but with cheese on top....Blah)Overall, if this place cost $20-$25, I will give it a 4 stars.  However, it's $40 and I have much higher expectation from what I paid.  I would suggest to skip this place or at least dinner because it totally not worth the price you pay.
4	We arrived shortly after they opened on a Wed night (~5:30pm) and there was no wait for a table.  I noticed most of the other patrons were similar to us (ie, travelling w/ a child/ren). We paced ourselves and spent the next two hours sampling as much of WS as we could handle.  I wonder why people complain about lack of sushi options, when clearly most of Vegas buffets are NOT sushi buffets (why would you go into the middle of the desert for seafood?).  There were a couple generic rolls here but not anything to write home about.I loved the presentation and individual servings.  The options seemed very well thought out.  On this particular night, a few of the things I enjoyed were:-crostini w/ goat cheese, pesto and roasted peach-corn on the cob w/ spiced mayo & cotija cheese-individual serving of fish & chips-made to order mussels w/ garlic butter & white wine (there were a few different flavor options on how you could have your clams, mussels & shrimp prepared)- gelato: i tried and liked the biscotti and salted caramel peanut butter flavors-five spice braised short ribs-bone marrow (bland, but easily jazzed up w/ the red onion jam & chimichuri sauce)My husband feasted on a few portions of prime rib.  The kid was free (she's 4 yrs old).  We definitely got our money's worth.  if you're seeking out a buffet in vegas, this is definitely a prime choice.  We went to Aria's buffet the next night and it felt like a cafeteria after our experience here.
3	I'd been waiting to try Wicked Spoon for quite some time, and FINALLY,  my moment arrived!!  I went for Saturday brunch with a group of friends. First, Wicked Spoon is in the farthest reaches of the Cosmo, on the 2nd floor.  I guess they want you to work up an appetite by walking to the buffet.  We were pleasantly surprised that the line wasn't that long when we walked up at 12p, but they do pull a bit of a bait and switch on you- one quick line for payment, and one LONG line to wait for your table.  Gotcha!!  Luckily, we combined with a few other people to form a party of 8, and they seated us right away, just with a 18% automatic gratuity.The buffet set up is great, and the surroundings beautiful.  Bottles of water are already set up on your table, so you don't have to wait for a drink if you need one before the waitress takes your beverage order. I did not care for my OJ (too watery), but that's a minor complaint.  Let's get to the food!!  There were so many options... Really too many to name.  My favorite dishes were the French Toast (thick Texas toast, great batter), the eggs with cheese, the Wicked Chicken, the shrimp cocktail, the mashed potatoes (very creamy), and the gnochi.  The carving stations were very good as well. The raved about Angry Mac & Cheese was just so-so (no real kick to it, although it was creamy), the desserts were cute and tasty, but nothing to write home about, and the Korean ribs were extremely fatty.  I was very disappointed with the seafood selection too- it was minimal, at best. As far as the cute little individual serving sized dishes and pots and what have you, I'm not really a fan. I understand that it keeps everything separate and clean and portion controlled, but dammit, if I'm at a buffet, I WANT to be a glutton.  Those little dishes are hard to carry and take up a lot of room on your plate. I suppose that's the point, in WS's eyes, but it got to be really annoying. I generally want more than 2 shrimp, so having a little container with a shrimp cocktail with just 2 shrimp in it got on my nerves.  Service was pretty decent, friendly and efficient.  However, for the most bang for the buck, the M buffet wins, hands down.
3	The variety is definitely there. The line was short for dinner. The food was pretty good.   Overall not bad.
3	I came here with the expectation of just getting a $22 lunch, and this definitely was good value for that, but it's a good $22 lunch at most and nothing more. DO NOT come here expecting or comparing it to Wynn buffet or expect to see much seafood, lamb, crab, lobster or good sushi. one major pet peeve: don't put out wasabi and soy sauce when you are serving fake sushi, i.e. tempura rolls and crab rolls. You would think that Cosmo would know that these rolls are not real sushi. No sushi would have been better than these sad attempts of adding sushi to the buffet. The asian spread was also extremely lacking. They had fried rice, fried noodle, plain rice, edamame, and kimchee. HM...right, I imagine that any of those buffets you see on the freeway would serve a better asian spread. I also saw pics of pork belly buns on Yelp and put that on my try list... but for the whole hour that i was there from 12:30-1:30pm... there was no pork belly bun, i asked and the guy kept saying 5 mins, 5 mins..hm ok. whatever i give up. overall, def worth the $22 since lunch anywhere in vegas would cost around that much anyways
3	This place is a hit or miss. They only put their best food out during the weekends = you have to pay more = the line is longer = not so worth it in the end. There is one thing I will forever rave about in this place and it's the water. THAT DAMN WATER they serve in the bottle is like the BEST water in the world. And no it's not because I was hungover that I enjoyed being hydrated by this fancy water...it just tastes so refreshing! I even googled it to find out how I could purchase this water for myself. Unfortunately, it's only done in bulk for commercial use. Anyways, the strawberries dipped in choc. are pretty good and so is their pizza and mac&cheese. That's all!
4	Came here for brunch twice the last time I was in Vegas. I heard a lot of good things about Wicked Spoon, and this buffet met my expectations! In general, the quality of the food is a lot better than those at other buffets.Brunch Monday-Friday is $22 w/ a complimentary glass of bloody mary, mimosa, or champagne. Brunch on Saturday-Sunday is $29, and $37 w/ unlimited bloody mary, mimosa, and champagne. I also noticed they offer takeout for $20.While the selection isn't huge for brunch, there's still enough variety of food to get full off of. Some of the highlights for me were the Eggs Benedict (ham or bacon, depending on the day), Grilled Salmon, and charcuterie station. Even after days of being back from Vegas, I'm still craving the Eggs Benedict!The dessert station is amazing--I couldn't try everything, but the ones I ate tasted good. The pistachio and salted caramel gelatos were yummy! I also really liked the pecan tart.Service isn't very good here when it's crowded. Our waiter only stopped by a couple times to check on us, so I didn't even get any refills on my drinks.I will definitely try to go back to Wicked Spoon the next time I'm in Vegas. I would recommend going on weekdays because it's well worth the money and also a lot less crowded. The $29 brunch seemed a bit pricey to me, but I was willing to pay for it given the quality of the food.
4	I'm giving this place 5 stars for the service. The food, 2 stars!Our last night in Vegas, I wanted to try this place in hopes I would be able to bypass my stomach flu. Went for dinner and thought I was feeling fine. After trying some food, the food seemed plain. The only flavorful things I felt were delicious was the fruits, salads, and some desserts. I remember trying the bone marrow, it seemed like they tossed salt and pepper and nothing else on it. My bf and I ended up tossing that away. Very disappointed. Most of the food seemed greasy and plain, where it made my stomach flu worse quickly and I was stuck eating healthy stuff at the buffet. Our server was amazing though and kept checking up on me and got me a ginger ale. She foresaw that I needed the ale and came out quickly with it. She even kept me company while my bf went to grab food. She reminded me of my mom taking care of me when I was sick. Two thumbs up to the service!I'll give this place a second try in hopes that they've improved with all the yelpers commenting about how mediocre the food is.
2	For all the praises and 5 star 4 star reviews I thought going to this joint would be a slam dunk.  In fact my siggy and I were really waiting to try this place  based solely on the Yelp reviews. This time YELP has failed.  As I sat there eating the Chef Boyardee spaghetti and meat ball and wondered what in the world do 5 star 4 star reviewers  eat at home.  To be fair the deserts were ok, but nothing spectacular.  I also didn't notice any Korean ribs that so many others experienced.  Perhaps they changed the menu.  I tried the Japanese rolls and to be honest, if I were a restaurant manager I would have thrown these out as they had obviously sat too long and were dry and tasteless with too much overcooked rice.  The pork ribs were over seasoned where you could not appreciate the meat itself.  In fact it felt like I was eating pure seasoning and ended up spitting it out.  To prank my companion I told her it was delish.  Poor lad ........I won't be getting any tonight...The General Tso's was a salt bath, the beef brisket ice cold and the pizza over cooked.  Where do I begin?    It was all just a bunch of "buffet" food with no winners.  The savior was the cappicola, pepperoni and brie cheese with their good breads.   Ditton on the bone marrow......super greasy decadence.  I could only eat one it was so rich.   1.5 plates and done. I will not be back.  Way too many good places top this so buyer beware.  Oh, actually Boyardee makes tastier stuff than that mini tin bucket of Ragu I just ate.
5	This buffet was the best we tried in Las Vegas this trip.  I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of options available, much of the food was being prepared in front of us and they have an A rating, which they've posted everywhere.  The atmosphere is beautiful, the service is pleasant and the food is damn good.  Don't try to eat one of each of the desserts, though, you won't make it.
5	4.5I know I'm not a buffet person, since I can hardly finish two plates in a buffet.  But for one of my growing boys, I wouldn't mind going since I enjoy seeing him eating.  The younger boy isn't a buffet person, but he likes to look at the food, lol.  On this occasion, he was content with just a bagel and one serving of gelato, which is fine with me, he will appreciate food when he gets older. This one gives u the best value for ur money.  We went there at lunch time around 12 noon, kind of late, since they open at 8am.  It wasn't that busy, only one third of seats were utilized at that moment.  I think most ppl already went in for their brunch, well, we weren't the early birds, but we still got some decent grubs. I wish they have some Asian bakery items, and more Chinese options, then I'll be a die hard fan.The things we loved: the yogurt parfait, the smoked salmon,  Italian sausages, the gua bao (tasty white steam bread dough, a winner on my book), the gelato (raspberry is the best) and the deserts (we didn't have the steel stomaches to try them all, but the few we tried were very good). I really like the decor of this place, the whole set up makes me feel very peaceful.  The service was very good, the waitress came to check on us frequently.  I think this place is still relatively new on the strip compare with Wynn buffet, so they haven't got the attitude which the Wynn buffet is known for.  At Wynn,  they want u to leave after two plates.Overall, we had very good experience at Wicked Spoon.
5	Great buffet. I love how all the food is in small dishes. Everything is consistently well made and quite tasty. The gelato is superb, as well as the risotto, gnocchi and house made marshmallows
5	Vegas and buffets kind of go hand in hand. That being said, most are just okay and a little overpriced. While wicked spoon is still in the price range, their food is surprisingly really good. Lots of people had raved about it and all you would see on Facebook was how pretty the food looked. Well the food def tastes as good as it looks! It's a little more unique than the other buffets place BUT it never repeats itself and the restaurant is huge! Definitely delicious and really makes you wanna stay there for a long time.
4	Easily our favorite buffet in Vegas. This buffet is quite unique because some items are already portioned into adorable mini pots and pans. This helped move the line quickly and stopped you for piling glutinous heaps of everything only to find you don't like it or can't finish it. Of course, if you want more, you can get more but we found d the portioned servings to be helpful; we left without that "Good god why did I do that to myself" feeling. The food was great as was the selection. We would pick this over the Bellagio buffet any day. Oh, and did I mention a glass of champagne came with our lunch. They really knew the way to my heart.
4	Looong wait time to get seated, very nice decor, huge selection of different ethnic foods,  1 free champagne with ea meal,
4	Oh my god, this buffet was so good. I wanted to give it five stars however, this great buffet also has some shortcomings. All the Asian food here... The salad and the soba noodles were pretty terrible. All of the vegetables I ate here were either poor quality or poorly cooked.Those things aside, non Asian foods here were awesome. The potato and scallops were delicious. The braised beef was yummy. Soup was great. Pastas were great too. Dessert as well was super yummy.For the price, this place is a huge winner. The decor is gorgeous and the service was very friendly. Here, it's common to see staff smile. Overall, I can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.
3	After reading all the reviews about this place, we decided to give it a try. We came here on a Tuesday for lunch. It wasn't that packed. The line wasn't so long. We were a party of 8, and it took only about 10 minutes for us to get seated. None of the food I had was really memorable. The food here is definitely different from any other buffet. There's more of a gourmet edge to the food here. The presentation is nice; the food is prepared on individual plates. I don't know that I'd go here every time I visit Vegas. I would need to try out the other popular buffets. The only food here that I really enjoyed was the dessert. This is what I had:UdonOrange chicken Tacos al pastorPancakeFried chickenChicken provencalAsiago gnocchiPecan tartCheesecakeTiramisu and strawberry balsamic gelato
4	Great place
5	The best buffet we had on our trip! We wish we had found this place slighly earlier during our trip so that we could have visited more than once. We will definitely visit again.Most of the buffet on the strip are about the same price; Wicked Spoon restaurant and food is more upscale and well-decorated than other buffet. Most of the food here are served in small dishes.That day, the brunch came with complimentary glass of bloody mary or champagne. Lots of selections of western and eastern food; desserts are tasty. Good value!
4	My Hubby and I went to the Wicked Spoon this past weekend. The food was really good as well as the price. You must save room for dessert - they were outstanding especially the chocolate bowl with berries inside! The only thing I would like to have seen would have been a salad bar to make your own salad, they had salads already made for you. But overall, good buffet!
4	Not one for Buffet's as I do not know where people hands have been, but I must say, I was impressed with WS.  Many of the items are not combined with other and rather individual.  The chicken wings in the baby deep fryer basket, gnocchi in baby kettle, prime rib, slab bacon and turkey cut to order, even the omelet station.  I must give props where due and say that this was worth the money
2	I had high expectations for this place. I went on a Monday for dinner and half of the food was not hot! One pet peeve I have is food that is not piping hot when served. Unbelievable! The variety was okay but only a few dishes were up to par. Definitely not worth the $80 for two people to eat dinner. =(
5	i'm kind of obsessed with wicked spoon. the first time i had it, i was totally blown away.  because of that, i kinda expected my second time, which was last week, to be a disappointment since i talked it up so much inside my head. but nope! it was still amazing!i went on a monday for dinner and it was $35/pp. so reasonable for all the delicious goodies they offered. as everyone else has been saying, i binged on bone marrow. it was my first time eating it and it was divine! some people have been saying that it was really bland but that's what rock salt is for! don't forget to sprinkle it on top, along with the onion marmalade and chimichurri. along with the bone marrow, some of my other faves were the potato bacon chowder, shrimp and grits, salad, salmon and cheeses. i could have done without the pizzas, which were really dried out, but pretty much everything else was good. i avoided the asian food also because well... it looked off. but even with taking out an entire section of the buffet, i was still so pleased with my meal. one big disappointment was the absence of macaroons, which was a big reason i wanted to go back :( but the gelato bar made up for it.  all in all, no buffet can boast that every single thing offered is mind-blowing. but for $35/pp for dinner, i more than got my money's worth on bone marrow alone. i'll definitely be back at wicked spoon every time i come to vegas.
5	Currently my favorite buffet in Vegas!  The food is delicious and the presentation is excellent.  Many of the dishes come in mini pots that all of the girls find adorable!  I have been here for both brunch and dinner and both were excellent.  The menus are slightly different but both have plenty to choose from.  I might almost like the brunch menu better.Brunch has an omelette bar instead of the shrimp/mussel station.  The granola was actually my favorite part of the buffet.  Sounds weird but it tasted freshly made and not stale at all.  It went well on the oatmeal with some brown sugar.  I am a fiend for oatmeals.  They also served grits which is pretty cool.  The dessert is pretty much the same as dinner.  Chocolate covered strawberries are always the best for me along with some gelato.Dinner menu has the shrimp/mussel bar that I mentioned earlier.  You get to choose which kind of butter you want your seafood cooked in.  Drool!  The kalbi short ribs in the asian section are always a hit.  Once the tray is set down, people snatch them up like they are gold.  Prime rib is ok but not great.  Save room for the dessert and gelato bar too.  My favorite gelato flavor is strawberry balsalmic.If you were to choose one buffet for your visit in Vegas, this is it.  Studio B buffet is also an excellent buffet but it is way south.
1	Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional.  I have had better service at McDonald's.
2	Food was cold and dry, waffles over cooked, pancakes under cooked, price of $30 for brunch DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT.Better selection of desserts, but odd combinations of fruit soured their taste.
4	After spending most of my day pool side, I was starving when dinnertime came around. I steered my parents to this buffet after reading reviews and I am happy with the outcome.The whole buffet thing isn't usually my choice for dining since I can't eat that much food in one sitting. Okay, if it were cupcakes it'd be a whole different story but we're talking food here. I literally dove in and stuffed my face in the first 10 minutes. The selections looked pretty good. I was happy to see choices that wouldn't normally be at a buffet. I immediately grabbed some watermelon gazpacho, shrimp ceviche and spaghetti with veal meatballs, yum! That first plate would have been just fine for me but since this was a buffet I went back to grab another plateful of food. Lastly, I attacked the dessert section. Oh such wonderful pretty desserts and not just an ice cream dispenser or store bought plain chocolate cake. For example, there was gelato! I had some delicious cups of heaven with all sorts of chocolate, creams and jelly? Now if there were only cupcakes, I'd be won over for sure.This is definitely a step up from the usual buffets I've been to, even though I haven't been to many. Also, the price is fair, $39 for dinner I believe. Good place, I would recommend it.
3	Tried out the buffet haven't been to it since they opened. Wasn't very busy and the selection has changed.   They now have crab legs that are cut in half which were pretty good not salty at all.  They used to have whole shrimp prepare Asian style but not anymore.  They had a omelet section before but that's not there also.  If your interested in sushi don't get it here.   The dessert was very good.  Overall it's not bad but for 35 dollars the price is a little high
3	The food was decent, not great. I saw some great reviews from some so i was thinking this place would knock my socks off. But it did not $35 a person pretty steep as well. The preparations of food in its own little metal baskets or pans was new and sort of cool. But i for my taste buds still like Rio buffet best. The desserts and variety of them were very good.
5	Best buffet in vegas! Hands down.They have so many kinds of meats, and they even have bone marrow!Chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato, if your mind can think it, they have it.
5	I love going to buffets, but every time I go to one, I always get disappointed.  However, not at Wicked Spoon.  There is a reason why Wicked Spoon is being touted as the newest BEST buffet in Vegas.  At $35/person (Between Sunday to Thursday, I THINK it's $45 on Fri-Sat), the variety and quality of the food here is really amazing.  I love the portion and presentation of each item.  Some highlights include the crab legs, asian style pork ribs, carnitas, angry mac and cheese, and their gelato ice cream (PB&J flavor = amazing!!).  They have a great selection of food and my server, Cathy, was very nice and the overall decor of the buffet is modern and sophisticated, not at all crappy and cheap looking like a lot of buffets.Note: We arrived at 4:40p, the buffet opens at 5, and there was already a line on a Monday night!  If you arrive at 5, you're guarantee a long line - but since we arrived a bit early, the wait was not a problem at all.
5	This is the best buffet spot in Las Vegas so far.Wicked spoon didn't disappoint me. Great quality food also offer many selection.Bomb....
3	Everyone has been reviewing this buffet as the BEST on the strip and I wanted so hard to believe it.  We even went there twice. My party of 9 was there on a saturday the 14th of july and the food was just not picking up.Here are some things I noted from my experience:1) They didn't refill the trays fast enough, if at all. 2) Some of the food had already been sitting there for a while.3)  Some of the food were rather bland (pastas and even the chicken shawarma had no taste :( ) makes me sad. 4) Presentation was what they were going for. Everything looked beautiful.5) The food containers made it impractical to have more than 2 -3 dishes in a plate. Unless you wanna play tetris with it.6) I liked the bone marrow and that was almost about it. 7) The service was exceptional.After my experience here, I don't think I will be coming back. Unless someone wanted to treat me. hehe. I was so excited to go and had so much expectations especially from everyone's reviews, but was met with a disappointment as far as food selection and food taste went. Now, i wasn't able to try the mac and cheese line because it seemed that everyone was there. They probably have better mac and cheese than any other, but who goes to a buffet just for mac and cheese? it is a buffet after all. Maybe it was a bad night for them. I don't know but the only thing that gave a good impression was our waiter and the bone marrow. It was pretty though if that's what you want.
1	Very slow service, attitude issues with line cooks and floor staff, we were there for dinner and lunch bith times staff was reaaaly bad and slow, not enough bus/cleaning staff on the floor.
3	Read all of the reviews here on Yelp and thought we give it a try (normally I dont do buffets but since we wanted to try one in Vegas, this one looks to be a shu win).. Well, we showed up around 5pm and waited about 20 min to be seated (not bad)... Lots of dishes from all over the world, but los of them were carbs designed to get you full very fast, lots of breads, cheese, cold meats. the usual crabs legs and shrimp cocktail, their sushi was a joke (imitation crab rolls) only a couple of selection. Some of the servers were very nice and the other half had attitudes? (I paid so cut me the meat I want and give a smile, this is also true with the sorbet guy,, kinda rude). Wine and sodas were included in the $35 price tag... Bone marrow was on the menu but I decided to pass.  The mild in the buffet was saved by the deserts and my waitress was one of the nicer ones. I think I'll stick with the restuarants off the strip!!
4	Came here for dinner and it was DELICIOUS. There aren't as many choices as the Wynn buffet but the quality is absolutely amazing. Each dish is made well and the flavors are unbelievable. I love how some dishes are separated out into individual servings to portion better and not allowing food to mix. The seafood saute station was freaking amazing. Not sure if they have this during the day but it was SO good. Definitely work waiting in line. I also recommend saving the sauce so that you can dip other seafood in there like the crab legs. So good. I think I had at least 5 plates of food. Wish there was a bigger sushi/Asian section. The rolls were meh and only two kinds of nigiri.
3	Compared to other Las Vegas buffets, Wicked Spoon is on the higher end of things - the seating area is more removed from the food lines and the decor is more upscale (beautiful blown-glass chandeliers!). The service was decent when we went, although Mirage's buffet service was better. The food selection here is smaller than other buffets, but that's not too big of a problem because those items are often better-made than other buffets. The omelet station is delicious and the wicked fried chicken and angry mac-and-cheese was worth trying - even at breakfast time. I wouldn't make a visit just for this restaurant, but if you're staying at Cosmopolitan, it's a decent breakfast stop in the building.
5	This has easily become my favorite buffet in Vegas now!  M and Bellagio trailing behind.It was $22 for brunch (on a weekday), which is served everyday of the week.  Not sure if the price goes up during the weekends.  With brunch, each person can get a complimentary cocktail of bloody mary, champagne or mimosa.  Then unlimited free soft drinks, juice, coffee, and tea.There's a nice fusion of Asian, Italian, Spanish and American foods.  An omelet station where you can make your own omelets.  Things that stood out: the display of the food is very appetizing and creative - little take-out boxes used for Asian udon noodles and edamame (which was really tasty), little sliver sauce pans used to hold gnocchi and so on.  A lot of thought was put into the food presentation and I appreciate that because a buffet doesn't have to be just a whole lotta food in a tray for ppl to scoop out of.  The down size of having that is that there's a lot to carry and you'll have to make multiple trips to the buffet line - which I did not have a problem with because the lines weren't that long and there was always food available.The dishes that stood out for me that day (I did not sample everything) were the crispy pork with rice and peas, it was authentic spanish cookin' and the flavors were awesome!  The bowls of clams in white wine broth, I had seconds as well, the mussels were good, the mexican corn was tasty... there were a couple more but I can't remember now.The display of desserts is awesome.  My sister still loves M cookies but WS's cookies were good too.  They had Godiva cake pops which are super pretty and really chocolately.  The strawberry shortcake was really yummy, I liked how they had gelato served in a waffle cup.  The chocolate dipped strawberries (one in toffee and one in Oreo cookies) were super yums!The service was also great, our server came around quite a bit asking if we were okay and if we needed refills of any kind - I didn't get his name but he was quite efficient, friendly and nice (something that I haven't experienced at a buffet until this trip to Wicked Spoon).  All in all, I wanna go back and try out dinner!
3	I FINALLY came here for dinner!! On a Thursday evening, had it with my family (6) for 235!! lol. $35 each. - Use the Cosmo card and get $10 back in 24 hours! SLOTS BABY! :)- Come early. We got there at 6pm, 1st thing to do: GRAB the macarons! I guarantee that if you do not, you will not have any for desserts! lol- Selection is a bit different than lunch- NO FRIED CHICKEN? :(!!! BUT fish and chips..ehh okay..- CRAB! yum.- BONE MARROW!? That must be an acquired taste. Taste greasy and fattening.- NO KBBQ RIBS!? :(!! BUT spare ribs...Ehhh okay..- NO baked sashimi salmon!? BUT actual baked salmon...ehh okay..- YUMMY carnitas AND crispy tacos!!! (dinner only) :)- I didn't get to try the build your own sauteed shrimp and clams..long line :(. It looked REALLY DELICIOUS though..- Now being able to compare lunch vs. dinner, I'd say LUNCH.
3	Sorry Wicked Spoon you got downgraded in stars due to your buffet closing at 3pm, yet you still seat people at 2:15pm. We arrived later in the afternoon, come on... it's vegas, people wake up late and go for a brunch. Anyways we get in there around 2:15 and here we are trying to scramble to get some food and it's very overcrowded and you guys stop refilling the food around 3pm... it was kind of a bust. The food is unique but it's wasn't all that.
5	Dinner at Wicked Spoon for $35/pp. So, I confirmed, dinner time does have BONE MARROW. There are stacks of bone marrow next to the meat stand. It looks like hunting gone wild. Here are some hits and misses:* Bone Marrow - great. Could be more roasted, but these bones have so much marrow. They are huge. * Prime Rib - ok. I strongly recommend, if you like medium rare, go ahead, ask them for a rare piece. They take requests. * Mussels made to Order - Red Sauce is better than Green Sauce.* Ceviche - a shot or two is great. It is fresh and very tasty. * Pig ears - I really liked the flavoring. Too bad it was so salty. I had to get a pack of white rice to finish eating it. But it was the good part of the pig ear and they sprinkled heavily some salt and pepper seasoning. * Shrimp tempura sushi - It was ok. The shrimp tempura was no longer crunchy. * Water melon tequila shots - So surprised to find this out in the open. What if kids pick it up. It is like a soju shot. Sweet from watermelon and a little bit of tequila trailing at the end. Most of the alcohol has sunk to the bottom, so you may chose to stir before drinking.* Cream of mushroom - You can pass. Not that great.* Shrimp n grits - Tasty, but dropped in scores after I tasted the American Fish dish.* Braised ribs - You can pass. It was a little tough.* Fish and Chips - Great presentation. But fish batter was a little thick.* Pappardelle - Looked dry, but surprisingly fresh pasta tasting. I would choose this over their spaghetti choice.* Pistachio gelato - Soooooooooooooo good. Soooooooooooo yummy. * Carmel Candy gelato - Also good.* Mango & Raspberry gelato - Good. But I personally like fruit gelato flavors.* Tiramisu cake - Adorable cups. Not much espresso flavor, but the cream part is so light and fluffy. It is very worthy of a lick.* Fresh brownie in caramel sauce - You can pass this one. Fresh baked and out of the oven is good, but by the time, you get to your table, it is probably already cold.* Fresh marshmellow - Soft and lightly sweet. One piece is enough for the palate.Oh, this buffet is so fun. Especially, when most dishes are individually plated. It just looks so much more appetizing when things are not stacked in one tray.
1	Must have been an off night cause this place was WICKED HORRIBLE!! I cannot beleive they have the balls to charge 35 dollars to eat here. Here are my problems with this place.1-Service - If you're going to charge 35 dollars a person, at least have a full time server. I had to pour my own water which is kept on the table along with the glasses. Also what the hell is up with keeping the wine bottle on the table with the glasses it takes up way too much space. If we didn't order it, clear it off the table (which is the size of a full sized pillow).2- Food- EVERYTHING WAS WAY TOO SALTY. Food stayed out way to long sometimes, so its not as fresh as it should be. Also way to slow on replenshing food. Plus the variety was poor too, not much to choose from. Bone Marrow bones were disgusting and not much of a salad selection. Also needs to redirest A/C to not blow directly on table, makes hot food cold.3- Dessert- I didn't really have desert but my g/f did. She likes to take 1 of each desert and try to see whats the best and she couldn't find one thing. Also we over heard the couple sitting next to us they said the dessert was not good.Overall this was the worst outing I have ever HAD...... PERIOD. I have never been so annoyed after eating at a buffet, you can usually find at least one thing that is good but not here. (I actually had to throw up afterwards). I will not be coming here again.
3	Very nice interior decors and embellishments providing an elegant appearance and relaxing ambiance.  My girlfriends and came here for lunch during our visit to Vegas. Luckily we didn't have to wait in the long line since we had a large party (but, we did have to compensate for gratuity!) Our server was well attentive and made sure our drinks were refilled! They serve the typical buffet food which tasted mediocre; nothing really too extravagant. I think my favorite was the dessert bar - their gelatos were sweet and delicious.I'm not much of a buffet person so I don't think I got my moneys worth at this place! :)
1	I believe this place captivates and lured people because of the decorations and how they serve their foods in exquisite silverware rather than investing in the quality of the food itself.. There selection on food varies from pea-pods or chow mien in a Chinese to-go carton, California rolls if you craved sushi, mediocre pasta, and a chunk of lamb or pork.They decorate the meat section with bone marrow, but the lamb meat itself is cover with blood. So much for a medium-well piece right? Salads, soups, feta cheese and cranberry salad was mostly it. They had a cook who will cook up some calms, mussels, & shrimp in your choice of butter. A pile of snow-crab legs and cocktail sauce. The dessert deserves a one star, there ice cream is exceptionally delicious and macarons tasted just about right, but they were limited. The mocha, moose, sugary tiramisu, cheesecake,  panne cotta, were contained in a sample shot-size cup, not the best, I rather have a piece and use a fork to eat it. But overall, the food beyond low-graded, disgusting--no flavor, and  after the first plate your just wondering why you wasted $35 for tonight's meal. Service is okay, they clean up your mess the second you leave the table. Bye wicked spoons. ):
4	I find Wicked Spoon to be a very stylish buffet at a very chic casino (The Cosmopolitan).  Be warned, it is quite pricey and definitely not casual fare.  If you have a giant appetite and want giant portions to match, you may want to try something less expensive.  But if you aren't put off by smaller portions and appreciate the the ability to sample more exotic selections, then you will love Wicked Spoon!  The food itself is very good, and as someone who leans towards eating more vegetables and grains, I think there is a bigger selection of healthy fare here that may make you more mindful of what you eat.  How many buffets have that distinction?  My absolute favorite part is the dessert area, and I highly recommend the gelatos.  The  flavors are really unique (PB&J, Almond Joy, etc.) and absolutely delicious.
3	Reserving my final judgment of this place as I was ill at the time we had eaten here.The concept is pretty cool, lots of dishes served in individual portions. Whereas most buffet experiences are you strolling around and around, this buffet seemed to have a lot of variety that you always found something different or new to try anytime you made your rounds. The sauteed shrimp station seemed to be the most popular. Some highlights (of what I could swallow):- prime rib- crab legs- bone marrow- udon noodlesThe service seemed a bit all over the place. The waitress slammed down a drink on the table and ended up spilling it on our table. Moments later, that same waitress did the same thing at the table behind us.Like I said, i will be wiling to come back here to give a better assessment of this place.
4	I went there for a lunch on a Sunday.We didn't opt for the all-you-can-drink because we're in Vegas, we already had a lot.I enjoyed the buffet, but I feel like you're more likely to like it if you're a carnivore/ non-vegetarian/ non pescatarian.I love meat.. there was prime rib, turkey, asian short-ribs, pork belly buns... meat made a lot of different ways.  They also had some sushi, pizza, angry mac and cheese, smoked salmon and various type of salads. I just felt there could've been a little bit more variety for a lunch buffet, like even more offerings on the salad side.They had a really good dessert bar with chocolate covered strawberries, various baked goods and a gelato bar.Very solid lunch buffet!
3	First impression was OMG their food presentation is soooo cute.  A lot of the foods came in little tiny pots, pans, skillets, and dry frying baskets!  I just thought that was so adorable and a great way for folks not to grab too much food because I always scoop way too much.As for the food, it was mediocre.  Now I'm not a big fan of buffets because I feel like I can never get my money's worth!  I almost always over stuff myself and I feel gross afterwards!  The buffet is quite pricey.  It was almost $40 dollars with gratuity!  I can't eat that much food!  I could've spent that $40 on a nice quality steak or something haha.  My favorite item from the entire buffet would have to be the pistachio gelato.
4	Great portions and decent Vegas pricing.  I thought the corn was great and the variety of options even better.  The line was a lil long but nothing too crazy.  The food seemed fresh enough for a buffet and the small plate concept was a refreshing take.  I will definitely consider round two when I return to Vegas.
3	After luckily getting in line for only a 15 minute wait, my nineteen friends and I finally got to have lunch on a Saturday! The decor gave it a more modern feel (it IS in the Cosmopolitan, after all), and the area was neat. I was told that it was the most popular buffet in LV, but it still hurt to fork over $30 for a lunch. We were seated on two large round tables next to each other, and were served beverages in a reasonable amount of time. We then left for the food we had been starving ourselves to eat!It probably is worse at dinner time, but I did not find myself having to wait in lines for the food I wanted, which was nice. To give you an idea of the variety, I stuffed myself with the following items, among others: Korean Style BBQ ribs, asparagus salad, egg's benedict, shrimp tempura rolls, sashimi, smoked salmon with capers, mussels, pan-cooked udon, edamame, goat cheese with honey pizza, cut of lamb and beef shoulder, baked salmon, pork belly bun, and assorted fruit. Whew! Most dishes were separated into individual portions, such as cute little asian take out boxes for the edamame, and small wire baskets for some of the fried items. Many dishes were replenished regularly. There was an amazing display of delicious looking desserts that you can walk around, but I was so full at that point that it was difficult to fit the two half scoops of blood orange and pistachio gelato I got.I would have to say on the whole, this buffet did not live up to the popularity I was told it had. While there were some great dishes (creamy egg's benedict, crunchy shrimp tempura sushi, and mouth-watering gelato), I do not want to come across an average, possibly even BELOW average dish anywhere in the buffet for the price I paid for that lunch. The BBQ ribs were a bit salty, the steak was tough considering how rare it was, and the udon was a take-out basket of monotony. Sometimes used dishes got crowded in the middle of our table for a while.I may come back here if I can get a cheaper price on the weekdays, but I am convinced you can find better bang for your buck elsewhere in Vegas.
4	One of the greatest buffets in Vegas I've had.  I like how most of their dishes are already in individual serving sizes so you can just take one and share it with the rest of your party.  We basically got to try almost everything this way by splitting those small dishes between the 6 of us.  It's an expensive buffet but in my opinion worth it.  Here were some of my favorites:Carved Lamb with that red onion sauce!  (5 stars!!)Creamed SpinachFish n ChipsGnocchiPrime Rib PaniniRisotto The asian section wasn't very good and the sushi didn't look fresh so I stayed away from it.  All the items in the Chinese selection were too salty.Just minused a star for their desserts.  All the small desserts they have in their display cases weren't very good, and some of them even kind of gross.  We tried all of them and the only ones I liked were the Strawberry-Vanilla Bavarois and the Tiramisu (small one in chocolate cup not the cake).  Oh and stay away from the Mango Parfait!  That was ew.  Of the other desserts I really enjoyed the Strawberry Shortcake, the macaroon, and of the gelato flavors, my favorite was the biscotti.  One of the ladies we were talking to in line told us to stay away from the Chocolate Covered Strawberries too.  She said they taste like wax lol.  Overall, I think this is among the top buffets in Vegas.  Wish it wasn't so expensive but they have a great selection with good quality food.  I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas! Yes, it's around $35 for dinner ($44 if you come with a large group and added gratuity) and yes, there is a long wait, but it's amaaaaaazing.This buffet is more creative than any of the other ones on its level. It seems to cater more toward foodies and people who appreciate well-prepared and innovative food, than to your standard AYCE buffer-goers.From the other reviews, it seems like the menu changes often, too. I was sad they didn't have the mac and cheese buffet, fried chicken, or more types of seafood. The buffet offered:- sushi and made-to-order hand rolls (Sushi was just ok)-"Angry" Mac and Cheese- bone marrow- prime rib- ceviche (too spicy and everything was chopped up too small)- crab legs- tomato and corn risotto- lasagna- truffled scalloped potatoes- gnocchi- goat cheese and grilled peach bruschetta (among other kinds)- lamb ribsThe dessert section was one of the best I'd ever seen, including gelato (try the Almond Joy or salted caramel peanut!), fudge, chocolate-dipped strawberries with toffee, macarons, fudge, cake pops, and everything else you can think of.Everything is served in cute sample-size plates, mini pots, or baking dishes. The staff was extremely friendly, pulling out our chairs for us and picking up plates for us. I can't wait to go back, probably for brunch.
5	I'm not even sure where to start. I'm afraid i'll short circuit my keyboard because of all the drooling that will happen when I start describing the food.Let's get serious - it's well worth the wait. There are so many options that it's almost overwhelming! They have breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert - whatever your heart desires. We loved the little breakfast sandwiches on ciabatta bread. The apple chicken sausage was amazing, and the bacon wasn't your usual greasy, limp buffet bacon. Korean short ribs? SO good. The carving station? The dude working it was hysterical, and the beef was excellent. We were all dying over the mashed potatoes. The gnocchi, the pizza, i mean honestly, everything was just amazing. The only thing we all didn't LOVE was the mac & cheese.When it comes to dessert, they don't mess around. The flourless chocolate cake, and the mini apple pie were outstanding. Various flavors of fudge, chocolate dipped strawberries, homemade marshmallows - all good - but nothing could prepare me for the greatness that was the - wait for it - strawberry balsamic gelato. oh. my. god. this was seriously life changing. Someone needs to replicate this in Chicago because I need it in my life on a weekly basis. And if it's already here in Chicago, somebody please clue me in.We had a great experience here with a wonderful server. We left stuffed and happy - I would highly recommend checking this place out!
5	First of all lets remind ourselves this is BUFFET not a fancy fancy restaurant. Dinner buffet $35. BF and I went to explore wanting to find out what the buzz was all about. Go early because the lines build up fast. We ordered a bottle of wine which came quickly to our table, then off to exploring.Everything is on these cute little trays and for the most part is served tapas style. Although they don't have a TON of selection they had a wide enough variety but the food quality is better than most buffets I've been through. What do I remember most? Angry Mac and Cheese, Fish and Chips, Beef Panini, Prime Rib (good for buffet), roasted corn, potatoes in truffle sauce, creamy spinach, BBQ pork, strawberry shortcake and berries in a chocolate molded cup. So everyone talks about the bone marrow. Sorry I couldn't try it because I felt like my arteries were clogging just looking at it. However our great waitress suggested using it as a spread on bread because it's so rich. Other interesting items: Pig tail, crab, carving station had 2 choices with some type of chicken, salmon, chinese food section, pasta section and a whole bunch of dessert.If you're looking to try out a new buffet spot, you have to go to Cosmo for it. Prior to this Rio Buffet was my favorite but now, I think they might have some serious competition.
4	What's unique about Wicked Spoon compared to all other buffets is that they are already pre-plated single servings. You can grab a small basket of chicken, a small plate of salad, a plate of red velvet pancakes with a side of cream cheese syrup...without using serving spoons/tongs/other utensils. They have a nice variety of food. The desserts are pretty especially the macarons...but they're not all as yummy as they look which is the only flaw this place has.
4	Refreshing from all the typical Vegas buffets! Love that items are pre-proportioned for people! The mac n cheese and omelette bar are magic! Then the dessert treats especially the gelato is beyond good! Plus, the service is good. The servers were very attentive and caring to our needs. They didnt look like they hate tourists!
4	I like that the food comes in little metal pots... it tricks me into thinking the food is warmer, and more comforting.  There's a slight kick to some of the dishes too, so their food isn't just standard bland... it has a little different spin.  I'm a pork-lover, and they had plenty of pork options that night so it was win-win for me.They had crab legs on a Saturday, but the crab meat was scarce, they were skinny little legs.. not much to eat there.  And they were slightly slow to re-stock compared to other buffets.. If people are wiping out your food, why not just replace it with piping hot new food right away?  Everyone talks about chocolate covered strawberries, something so simple but always delicious.
5	Probably the highest quality buffet in las vegas.  The selection of food isn't as vast as many others but the food tastes better here! Love how they pre-portion majority of the foods so there isn't other people digging in the same tray. The presentation of the food is also very good. One of my absolute favorite dishes is the shrimp and grits! the best i have ever tasted! The crab legs are also good, not watery tasting like a lot of the other buffets, you can even request them to be steamed if you like it hot. They have a good selection of dessert (gelato is delicious!), i just wish the made creme brule like wynn and bellagio though. If they had that they would be perfect! Oh and each time i came here service was on point and attentive.
4	I would give this buffet a solid 3.5 to 3.75 stars, so I will round up.  As many of the other yelpers commented, I also loved the small servings.  The cute little metal pots looked like something you would use to heat beans when camping.  The individual portions were enough for two to share in many cases.  I really enjoyed the "angry" mac & cheese, cheese sampler plate, french onion pizza, pork shoulder and the desserts.  I also loved the bottled water on the table that was included in the price!  It was great tasting water, even if they just fill up the bottles with filtered water or something...My main focus for coming was the crab legs, but I was underwhelmed by them.  They come pre-split in half for easy-eating.  It was awesome that you didn't have to open them yourself...but by cutting them in half they dried out and were not as fresh tasting.  I ate there on a Tuesday night.  By the taste, I would guess they were split in half on Monday and we got the leftover...  Who knows for sure.  I wasn't into them at all...  Maybe on a weekend they would taste better?!Our "server", who was basically a buser, was nice but slammed.  We got there an hour before closing and by the time we got sat we only had 40 minutes.  Our server never pulled a single plate from our table.  Once the table next to us left, we just started moving the plates over there.  Pretty annoying!!  But oh well...Overall we did enjoy most of the food we tired.  The food here is far more interesting than normal buffet food.
5	Best buffet I've ever had. Coming at the tail end of brunch on a saturday afternoon, the quality of service was not forgotten. The short ribs were succulent and basted with a sweet asian sauce. I prefer the gnocchi over the mac and cheese ( the only difference seeming to be the shell pasta and gnocchi) because it seemed to absorb some of the sauce they were served in.Whoever thought of the presentation of the dishes is a very creative human being. Fired chicken in small fry baskets, apple cobblers and brownies in mini cast iron pans, small ganache cones, edamame and noodles in chinese take-out boxes... the list goes on and on. An entire island concentrated on dessert is never a bad thing. Especially when on top of about a dozen different assortments of bite sized and sharable desserts, a 16 gelato assortment is waiting for you on it's own side.Wonderful.
4	Best buffet in Vegas!! We came around 6pm and there wasn't a line at all! There are so many options here - not like a lot of the other buffets in Vegas - and I've been to 5/6. Everything comes in small portioned plates/cups so it's also a great way to limit yourself so you can try a lot of different things.Some stand out options: um bone marrow!?!? whattt?? I've never seen a buffet offer bone marrow! It wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it, but I wasn't complaining. The shrimp and grits, mussels, bruschetta, roasted cauliflower and truffle potatoes were all very very delicious. I wasn't a fan of the gazpacho or risotto though. The gazpacho tasted a bit off and the risotto was a little hard.Desserts = the biggest chocolate covered strawberries you have ever seen! The presentation of the desserts are all very adorable! Probably the best buffet I've been to ever. Definitely make a trip to Wicked Spoon if you're in Vegas!!
4	Unlike my experience with another Vegas buffet, I thoroughly enjoyed Wicked Spoon. (and cheaper, too!)Came in for a weekday lunch, and I was pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  The presentation of all the little pots for the food was a nice touch.  I liked that you get your own little portion. Service was good, and the lunch came with either a mimosa or a bloody mary, nice!  The asian section was good, especially the fried rice with chinese sausage, yum.  Galbi was a little salty, but other than that, no complaints.  I also loved the carving station, where they had succulent bacon/pork belly, and the skirt steak, which was nice and juicy.  Even their sausage was really good.I'm not ashamed to admit I ate plates and plates of all the wonderous fatty food... I love some good buffet!  And the dessert station was great!  That is a huge compliment from me.  Their gelato choices were impressive, and they had molten chocolate cake that was delish!  Definitely would come back here for the prerequisite Vegas buffet experience.  Recommend!!
4	Impressive buffet, and I'm not generally a huge fan of vegas buffets because you pay top dollar, for essentially mediocre food.  Tons of choices, mostly standard buffet fare with some special concoctions throw into the mix. I ate rather well, and would definitely come back. Of all the vegas buffets I've had, I thoroughly, and I meant thoroughly enjoyed the desserts here the most. Unfortunately, most of the time, desserts are just made to look pretty, lacking in real dessert POW. Well, I definitely got my sugar/fat fix in a very thumbs up way.
1	I was severely disappointed when I came here this weekend. There was a giant line outside which was fairly quick, but as soon as you paid they made you wait in another line! That line was slower than death itself. After the insane long wait, we finally went in only to see more lines in front of all the food! I decide to wait in line and try one of everything. After getting the main dishes which were the prime rib, leg of lamb, and snow crab I finally return to see the waiter give us our drinks. That was the last time I saw that waiter all night. The leg of lamb was fairly dry and the snow crab tasted too strongly of lemon and had no seafood taste! The prime rib was fine but I had to dip it with scalloped potatoes to give it some flavor. This would have been fine for any other buffet but we paid 35$ a head to get in! This was supposed to be one of the best buffets in town and we were horribly disappointed. Average tasting food with crappy service....35$? I think not.
3	From all the hype I've heard about this place I was pretty disappointed when I actually ended up eating here for lunch. The presentation of the food is definitely amazing. But it isn't amazing enough to make up for the mediocrity of the food itself. The food is...average. Most of the food was overcooked/dry/poorly seasoned. Yea there is more variety here than most, but I feel like they focus more on quantity/visual appeal than the quality of food itself. But it is a good experience so I would recommend trying it at least once, but I probably wouldn't eat there again. Although I've come to accept that regardless of the price, buffets are buffets, so you can't really expect too much out of the food quality.  **I just have a weak spot for the cute individual servings they have here. Especially the little fryer baskets the fried chicken comes in...the fried chicken itself is meh. That's the only reason I'd probably eat here again. **I don't know, headed to Vegas again this weekend so maybe I'll decide to give it a second chance...maybe...this or the Wynn.
5	Far and away the best buffet I have been to.  Had a 30 min. wait for a party of 8 on a busy Sunday for brunch (that's total, both the long outside line and to get seated).  We had to pay gratuity and tax, so my portion was about $37.  But you know what?  Totally worth every penny.  The food is fresh and of the best quality.  There is an amazing selection (especially the desserts) and for what you'd pay at a sit-down restaurant for just one or two of these items it's worth it.  So many adjectives could be used to describe this meal, but i'll say this: for all the buffet's in Vegas, this one is the best value for what you're actually paying.  Even if you don't eat a lot (which I don't) I still felt like I got my money's worth and then some.
4	Me and my wife wanted to see what all the hype was about so we went at 5pm on a Sunday. It actually doesn't open for dinner until 5pm daily and there was no line and was not busy at all, however not sure how Friday and Saturdays are.Food was excellent and presentation was very unique. Most of dishes are served in mini dishes to proportion them out which is a unique idea. There was wine at the table ($20 extra if you want) and a bottle of water that is filtered on site. So when you want more water, pour yourself. The only buffet that I've been to that served bone marrow....but it was good...lol. It was just an overall excellent experience. I will have to say this is by far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, with the Wynn and M Resort buffets sitting at second. Although at $35/person ( a little pricey), I believe Friday and Saturday is a little more, you need to at least experience this once and you may not even think about the price afterwards.
4	I'm almost embarrassed to say how many Vegas buffets I've eaten at.................but I have to say, without a doubt Wicked Spoon is my favorite. The atmosphere and food selection are both top notch, even by Vegas' buffet standards. You will probably have to wait, especially if you are there during a busy weekend dinner, but trust me it's worth it. Plus...time spent standing in line will help to burn some calories so you can indulge even more when you get in...or...at least that's what I tell myself...Definitely don't miss the carving station. The prime rib and leg of lamb in particular are tender and flavorful. Also definitely try the bone marrow (you'll see it by the carving station, trust me!). Delicious fatty meaty goodness. As far as sides go, make sure to try the truffle scallop potatoes and spicy corn risotto.With all the delicious food in unlimited quantities, it might be difficult to save room for dessert...but RESTRAIN YOURSELF!!! You need to try some of these desserts. My advice? Skip all the little cups of stuff (like mousse cones and mini tiramisus) and get a chocolate lava cake with a scoop or two of gelato (caramel is my top choice).Your tummy might be a little rounder by the time you finish, but it's definitely worth the trip. That's what Vegas is all about anyways, right?
5	yum, yum, yum. Can't wait to get back and get me some... Pass the lines with your elite players card and be envied by those still having to wait two hours to get in.  Everything is served in small portions which is great so no food is wasted but requires frequent visits to the food stations. Worth the price and comparable to the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.
4	WOW.  The wait to get in can be a little long, but it's worth it.  By far, the best buffet I have ever experienced. Atmosphere - high end.  Water poured out of a glass bottle.  Wine on the table (and also displayed for you to choose from, taste, half glass, full glass, bottle).  Waiters that suggest their favorite dish.  Very modern and clean look to the decor.Food - includes crab (already cut in half so you can skip the hassle of cracking legs and getting all messy) platters of cheese. fresh fruit. salad bar. mac and cheese. shrimp and grits. many dishes coming in little skillets or platters for easy portion control. Dessert - the biggest array of dessert I have ever seen at a buffet.  French macaroons. cheese cake. gelato for crying out loud! By far, the best buffet I've ever had and well worth the cost.
2	We ate there tonight after reading all the yelp reviews.  We were trying to find something better and different than our regular Bellagio.  I was a bit disappointed because most of the items written about and pictured here were not offered. I'm not sure if a limited menu was offered because it was a weeknight.  Weeknight and weekend night prices are the same ($35) so the menus should be comparable.  I was really looking forward to some items other yelp reviewers enjoyed.  Some of the items I noticed were missing from the buffet included: pad thai, sesame chicken, mussels, pork buns (although the guy told me it was a morning menu item), tacos al pastor, macarons (i don't care for them but i know many people love them and they were missing from the buffet), the little painted egg shell dessert cups, fried chicken, sweet potato fries, mac 'n cheese bar, chicken apple sausage, kalbi, head on shrimp (really wanted this one), and many others.  In fact, I didn't think there was anything on the menu worth the $35. The best items were the corn on the cob with cilantro butter and the watermelon w/feta.  I still feel the Bellagio buffet with the Chilean sea bass is a better deal. Plus Bellagio serves several more expensive buffet items and provides a nicer variety.  I was also pretty annoyed by all the individual dishes and pans.  The pans were bulky and heavy to carry.  At a buffet, I often like to take just a spoonful of a dish to try before fully committing.  Many of the dishes were too much of a commitment.  I wanted to try the pappardelle but I didn't want to take a whole pot of it.  The tables were also too small for so many dishes.  To give the staff credit, they did a great job clearing the tables.   While trying to juggle and arrange everything on the table, I dropped my fork and our server came right over to replace it.  The bottle of water at the table was nice but it was poured into a tiny glass with no ice.  It's August in Vegas and I wanted cold water.  After refusing the bottle of wine, I was surprise the bottle was left on the tiny table, taking up precious table real estate.  We wanted to try something new this time around.  We usually eat at an on strip buffet at least once while we visit Vegas because it's not a trip to Vegas without a Vegas buffet.  Our other meals are usually is off the strip. We initially wanted to try the Wynn buffet because we've never tried it but went with Wicked Spoon instead.  I've eaten at Studio B, Spices, Lago, Carnival, Village Seafood, Le Village, and Bellagio.  It seems like I eat at Bellagio at least once every time I'm in Vegas.  (I just ate there two weeks ago when I was last here).  We don't always eat at buffets.  I had a great meal at Social House in the Crystals shopping center and had a great hot dog at Pink's during my last visit but buffets always seems to be the easiest meal option when you're with a larger group or with a picky eater.  I don't eat nearly enough to make buffets worth the price. But I do try to make up for it by eating the more expensive items like seafood or duck.  The buffet it not terrible but not great.
2	For $35/person but no olysters or sahimi?  No way!  It's just not worth it.  I dont understand why it's rated four stars.  If you put aside the dessert, it's a $15 buffet top.   For same price, I'd rather go to Todai at Planet Hollywood.
5	I dream of this buffet!!!Everything is over the top, gourmet quality here.  From the salad bar, main entrees and the jaw dropping desserts!Some of the highlights for me this most recent visit were:- Angry Mac n' Cheese (smoky chipotle flavor makes this dish angry)- Pork belly slider (I can't stop thinking about it!)- all you can eat crab legs (already halved for you so you don't have to struggle getting them open)- and last but not least...ANYTHING from the dessert bar!This buffet is a must for any foodie out there!
4	Definitely worth the money you pay for. And you get one mimosa/champagne/bloody mary included? Nice. What I loved about this buffet is the variety. Many different stations with food that you normally wouldn't find (not just your regular mashed potatoes and roast beef kind of place). I also loved the presentation of each dish- some in little pots, others on little plates. The portions served were just enough for you to try it once or keep going back for more. Their dessert section was also very impressive and exceptionally tasty!Can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here again :)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE !! I cannot get over how much I enjoyed my dinner at the Wicked Spoon.The individual servings is such a great idea. The portions are just right, and if I want to go back for seconds, or thirds, I can. I think it's a great way to make sure I do not get more than what I can eat because I hate wasting food. Plus the individual servings keep the buffet neat. The only con is that you are very limited to how much you can fit on my plate.A macaroni and cheese station !? What a great idea !! I can add whatever I want and it never seems to fail me.The bone marrow is delicious. I cannot get over it. Seriously each time I went up for a serving, I always helped myself to some bone marrow. I would go there just for that.The mushroom risotto is mouth watering, especially with the wine reduction sauce.There's so much I want to comment about and just thinking about Wicked Spoon is making me hungry !!
3	I came here on a Sunday afternoon during lunch. Cost was $29 and the wait was about 20 minutes to get to the register.  There was also another line to get a table but somehow we got really lucky and was seated right away.  Honestly, lunch is not GREAT. Food was ehhhh.  They had the usual pasta station, chinese food station, sushi station, omellete station, meat station, and breakfast foods station.  Maybe it was because I stayed up until 5am that morning and didn't have an appetite after eating $2.99 steak and eggs at Hooters, but very few plates stood out to me.  My boyfriend really liked their egg soup though and salmon sushi was very fresh.  Dessert was definitely something to rave about but other than that, it was just an ehhh experience.  I really wish we were able to go to dinner because I know they would have had MUCH better food! So if you can, I would definitely recommend splurging for dinner rather than lunch!
4	After checking out reveiws on which buffets to go to during our trip to Vegas, Wicked Spoon came out #1 to try.  I was excited in trying this place out as it has such good reviews and the pictures uploaded by people look really good.  Wicked Sppon is at the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor and really far to get to but well worth the walk.  I was surprised that we didn't have to wait when we got there around 6:15pm as many of the other reviews said there would be a long wait.  I think it was around 6:45pm that we notice that a line was starting to form. I couldn't believe all the dishes I tried were really good.  This buffet is not your usual typical buffet you get in Vegas, they have different and unusal offerings like marrow, shrimp with girts (which was amazing) as the grits tasted like risotto and the flavors were so intense and flavorful.  This dish was so good I had to get another serving of it. Another stand out was the pork belly slider and the shrimp Cirviche.  There are so many different stations and a bit overwhelming at first but I loved it.  I was like a kid in a candy store.  The fact that most of the food was served in individual sized dishes is a plus.  The only thing that was a bit disappointing was their desserts.  There were a lot of different desserts but many of them just didn't taste as good as they looked.  I think the best desserts I tried was the chocolate covered strawberries coated with toffee pieces and the molten lava chocolate cake.  I really wanted to like the desser ts as I'm a big dessert person but was left disappointed whcih is why I didn't give this buffet 5 stars.  Also another reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because service was hit and miss.  I definitely recommend eating at Wicked Spoon out of all the other buffet places in Vegas.  It's worth paying a bit more to get good quality and variety of food.
4	I heard so many good things about this place that I just had to come and try it out last weekend.The buffet is upstairs from the main valet entrance of the Cosmopolitan, down a long hallway. The venue is beautiful and absolutely love the layout.The lines get. LONG. I'm talking 1 hour+ LONG. Varied sections from breakfast, Mexican, Asian, Omelette Bars, Sushi and dessert make for a great experience. I love the small pans & cups that portion the food for you.Overall, I would come on a weekday or early on the weekends to get through the madness of after-clubbing, crazed kids.Also, check in on foursquare to get speed check-in!
3	it was good. my iced tea was average. the bone marrow, which i was SUPER excited about, was super bleh. that was a letdown. the desserts were delish! once i went over to that block, i found myself wishing id only indulged in ginormous choc covered strawberries, gelato in freshly made waffle bowls, pecan tarts with fancy silver pearls, and choc molten cake. sigh. can you tell i RUV sugar!? their braised brisket was GOOD, as were the mustard greens that accompanied it. the crab, a touch salty, but eaten plentifully as is the role of the asian at the buffet. they had these watermelon tequila shooters that i found intriguing and yum (although a piece of asparagus flew into my shot). the theme is quite cute. i fell in love with the mini fryer baskets that the fish n chips came in, as well as the baby to go containers that housed the asian dishes. i just wish the food selection had been better..... special shoutout to my lovely BIL for the meal!
4	The selection wasn't all that I expected but some of the foods were good. I had read reviews about the mac n cheese bar, so I picked this place specifically for that, only to be let down and told that they put in something else. WOMP. I like how they portion out everything. It's so cute! They had little fish and fries in this mini fry basket. I thought it was neat. The angry mac n cheese they had was good, and so were their mashed potatoes. The roast beef was slightly dry and no one at my table was a big fan of the bone marrow, although I liked it. I don't know if it was me or what, but the only thing I didn't like aside from the initial let down was the lighting, a little too dim for my likings at a buffet.
3	As Vegas buffets go this is another one on the strip. What makes this one stand out is that it offers some of the dishes in their own container, like mini metal pots with handles.We had Sunday Brunch here, so I don't know what is on the regular menu verse the brunch menu. They were offering Personal Omelets, however I just wanted a thin layer of egg, crepe style. I tried to tell the cook that, but he thought that he knew better and proceeded to make it his way and then gave me a lecture as to how an omelette is made. What is the point of having a personal cook when they don't listen to what you want. I was so put off by this, I almost lost my appetite. Almost, but the thought of the dessert station help sooth my tummy.I would have given this place 4 stars, but I must remove one for the attitude of the cook at the omelet station.
4	Whoo hoo! A buffet that serves BONE MARROW?! What the truck!? I don't even care much for buffets but that is the only reason why I wanted to go here. The heffer in me made that decision. I was sorry because of the indigestion I got from eating too much bone marrow, but I wasn't sorry because it was delicious! I would do it again! Price isn't too bad considering what they have, the place was clean, and there was a lot to choose from. FYI - bone marrow is only available during dinner - so go then!
2	My friends loved this place. Yelp loved this place.  Veteran Vegas Visitors loved this place.  Because of everyone's hyped reviews about Wicked Spoon of course I kind of had to have a well deserved positive expectation about this place.  Wow. Not even close. First, I would say something about the over-priced buffet entry cost but then again there is no such thing as a super cheap buffet deal in nice Vegas hotels.  So yes, it is of course overpriced--way too overpriced for its worth.  Second, if you are not an avid seafood lover-- I'm talking about crabs, lobster legs, shrimp cocktail, then this is not the buffet for you.  I noticed in everyone's plates around us that the seafood was what people dived in for.  Third, I want to remember the other ethnic plates that they had but I can't. Maybe I don't want to.  The dessert selection is similar to most other dessert sections in other buffets.  Finally, I will let you know in my other reviews what a great Vegas buffet is about and which one it is.  That excites me.
5	I am not usually a fan of buffets but the Wicked Spoon is a rare exception.  The atmosphere is very hip with warm colors of chocolates and caramels.  We were seated and greeted almost immediately by a waiter who took our drink orders.  The bottle of water at the table was a nice touch.As you would expect at any good buffet, there was a plentiful selection.   Each dish looked like something special.  When I think of a buffet I think of large pans filled withe piles of dried out meat or caserole-type entrees, Wicked Spoon has perfected the buffet experience by plating most entrees on their own individual dish or ramekin that you then place on your large dinner plate.  The salmon with the capers is delish!  I tried several items and couldn't complain about any of them.Let's get to the good stuff.  This place is a desserts mecca!  You will look at everything and not even know what it is, but I'll tell you what, you're gonna try it anyway.  These desserts are to die for in appearance and taste and you're in Vegas AND at a buffet, so freaking splurge and try all of them!This will now be a go-to place whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
2	Presentation was cute and really fun, with each dish in its own little pot or pan (good portion control) but execution needed a lot of work. The asian foods tasted worse than Panda Express but even Panda Express has some good msg-laden entrees. Anything fried was passable. The salad bar did have a variety of pastas and veggies that made up for the food. There was no seafood bar at all, just some smoked salmon and a shot cup size of cocktail shrimp (2-3).Dessert is where Wicked Spoon redeems itself. The macaroons were extremely juicy and tasty (love the orange one), and the pecan tart on shortbread crust was amazing! They even have a full gelato bar - you must try the Salted Peanut Caramel... so smooth and creamy.Overall, the dessert bar is not good enough to get me to come back here again. Try it once, check it off your list, and be done with it.
1	So disappointing.  I had heard this place was fabulous, rivaling the Wynn buffet but it did not live up to the hype.  I went for brunch on Sunday.  First off, with so many people there why did they only have two people making omelet/eggs to order.  It took at least 20 minutes to get your order.  Second, there was not enough service staff to accommodate the crowd.  Our waiter came once to give us drinks and never returned.  There was no one to bus our tables- completely unacceptable for a buffet that you pay $38 a pop.  Third, the food was good to ok.  Just average food, same items you could find at the Rio Buffet.  I agree with the other reviews...the presentation was cute but did not make up for the rest of the problems.  As a local, I will never return and will not recommend this place to anyone.
3	3.5 stars.  I have been meaning to try Wicked Spoon for some time and I finally got the chance to!  I didn't find the buffet as great as Bellagio (though this buffet appears to have higher reviews) since they're both about the same price.  Not as much sushi, their meat was either dry, chewy (korean bbq ribs), salty, and the waiter never really bus-ed the table.  I eventually had to put away some of my dishes since they were cluttered.  I think having to bus some of my own dishes ruined my experience.
4	Best Buffet in Las Vegas. Period. My only dislike about this place is the lack of good seafood choices. The sushi was pretty fresh. The clams/mussels/shrimp bar is a neat and delicious idea. The trout salad, salty fishy crostini, and seared salmon were alright. But the crab left something to be desired. I'm a huge crab-bie!!  All that aside, everything else was pretty darn good for buffet food. Tomato/ Corn Risotto. Angry Mac n' Cheese. Lamb. Carnitas. Ginger chicken. Gnocchi. Cheese plates. Pork belly sliders were nom nom.  The highlights for me were : crispy pork ears, grilled peaches and goat cheese crostini, and bone marrow. Crispy pork ears were so crunchy and salty, can be added to some dishes like the Mac N Cheese or Kimchi Fried Rice to blast the flavors. Grilled peaches were delectable and light. All-you-can-eat bone marrow?! Even though it wasnt the best I've had, it was still legitimate bone marrow. Damn. I want more! All the beautiful plating they did for their dishes definitely gave some of their food a playful and unique dimension from other places. Their service was great too. Cleaned and refilled drinks like ninjas! Friday night lines weren't unbearable. All that aside ...Their dessert had a shortcoming for me. Their Gelato bar was incredible with the amount of flavors they had (Thai Ice Tea and Almond Joy being my recommendations), but their cupped desserts just did not do it for me. What balanced out the disappointment was their homemade marshmallow. It had a delicious fluffiness all 'mallows should have with a hint of mango; As well as their chocolate covered strawberries crusted with toffee pieces. Other than that. The dessert was nehh.Overall. This place is definitely one of those ones I want to come back to. Don't go in over-hyped by everyone's reviews. Go in with an open heart and empty stomach and you'll enjoy many of their dishes. I've been to the M and Bellagio and Rio ... and I must say, (if they had better seafood .. Oysters like M, or Lobster like Rio) this may be my most favorite buffet ever
5	Hands down best buffet in Las Vegas. Save room for dessert cause the dessert station has quite a selection.
4	Great buffet.  Nearly everything is pre-portioned, they have a great selection, from fruit , to sushi, all the way down to desserts, there's no doubt you'll find something to satisfy you.The only downside - I found a hair in my fried chicken. (Which explains the 4 stars, otherwise, I would've given 5)But other than that, the food tastes and looks delicious, which I feel is rare, especially for a buffet.
5	Oh, Wicked Spoon. You are worth the hour plus wait my friends and I waited while we were still recovering from a night of debauchery and no sleep.Located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, I FINALLY got to try this particular buffet on my most recent Vegas trip. Last summer when I attempted to eat here, my girls and I found out that they close til 5 to set up for dinner and seeing that we were starving and in no mood to wait, we headed to the Bellagio buffet instead. Well, this time around, we were determined to wait. We got there at 4:10 and there was already a line forming and true to their words, the staff did not let us start paying for our dinner until 5. Even after paying, we still had to wait about another 15 minutes to be seated.At about $38 a person, I expected the dinner to be AMAZING and omggggggg, the food was incredible. They had an array of dishes - different kinds of foods for whatever mood you're in. The thing I loved most was the mini individual portioned sized foods they had. Perfect so you won't over indulge. My friends and I were pretty gluttonous and tried a bit of everything. No shame. It was our last night in Vegas and we didn't have to dress up for any pool parties or clubs. Forever fat. The desserts looked sooo good. They had this huge display of gelato ice cream with different flavors. The mint chocolate chip was freaking bomb.com - so rich and creamy. I was pretty stuffed from dinner, so the only other dessert I tried was the apple strudel thingy they had. Tasted like apple pie. Delicious. Overall, the Wicked Spoon Buffet is amazing. The food definitely makes the wait worth it. The atmosphere and decor is pretty nice. I would definitely come back and end my Vegas trip here.
5	Love this place! Dishes were unique and delicious. Very cute and clever on the presentation. I fell in love with everything.**Foursquare Users: Important Tip**If you get the Cosmoplitan VIP badge, it will grant you VIP access to Wicked Spoon meaning you will not have to wait in line. When I went there was a huge line fortunately I had the badge. There was a lot of unhappy people giving me and my friends a dirty look. LOL!I had a little bit of everything, no favorites, everything was good. A pretty decent spread on the dessert table. One of the best buffets in Vegas.
4	Highly recommended to me as the "new" "best" "better than wynn" buffet on The Strip, my girlfriends and I were pretty excited to check out this buffet in the Cosmopolitan. The first try was a fail, since we arrived after the 3:30pm closing time. On second try, we arrived around 2pm, thinking perhaps we had missed the lunch rush....quiet hallways leading down to the buffet......no line to the cashier....and STOP. The line of people waiting to be seated looked comparably long to the one at the Wynn we saw the day before. However, this line didn't move as fast, if even perceptibly at all. By the time we got seated nearly 45 min, we were starved, and thirsty!  The extra $8 for unlimited champagne was worth it, although refills didn't happen at exactly the speed I'm used to at NYC brunches. So was the $40 price tag worth it? ($30 + alcohol + tax)Yup.The small plate style of many of the food options made the buffet less trough-like, and although we caught the tail end of brunch, everything was still fresh and hot. I avoided the token asian dishes (lo mein, fried rice, kung pao chicken), and focused on the real food - boiled egg with avocado and bacon vinaigrette, omelet bar, sashimi, lamb chops, steamed clams.....i could go on, but basically this was the classiest buffet I'd seen. The desserts were my favorite - there were actually lactose/gluten free options!  I had a choice of several sorbets, as well as a house-made marshmallow served in a dark chocolate cone. Great service (we never felt rushed out), and nice spacious table set ups in addition to the non-buffet like food really made this a great dining experience.
4	After a long hot day, we decided the eat here, the line was long but it moved fast. We got seated quickly and then I went on to my search for crab legs. I love how they cut the legs in half so I don't actually have to work for my meat. It was yummy! I loved it. I didn't really eat much of anything else, but i do love their mash potatoes there, the ribs were a bit on the dry side for me. Eventually I skipped to dessert and by that point i was pretty full of the crab legs already. I grabbed some gelato and this tiramisu thing and I loved it. Most of their dessert had chocolate in it which sucks for me since I don't like eating chocolate (i know, weird right cause i'm a girl) but overall it was a great experience. I'd definitely go again.
2	Over-hyped! After reading the reviews, I thought it was going to be good...not so at all. Luckily, we didn't have to wait in line since one of us was a platinum member staying at the cosmopolitan hotel.  Food was mediocre...presentation was cute but the food was not good. It was a waste of $36. The presentation was nice, the 2 pieces of fried chicken wings came in a little fryer. The mac n cheese came in a little pot, 2 cocktail shrimps in a shot cup, edamame in tiny to-go boxes, like I said it was all looks. The taste of the food should have been better. They did have a good selection on desserts, but even that wasn't enough to make up for the taste of the food. Great selection on gelato! I didn't see any macaroons. Feta sprinkled watermelon was amazingly sweet! No crablegs here! Not for lunch anyway, not sure about dinner. Overall, I wouldn't return for another meal..not worth the wait or my money.
5	Wicked spoon easily gets to be in the top tier buffets at Las Vegas in my book, along with Wynn and Bellagio. For value, I think Studio B buffet at the M, Rio Buffet, and Planet Hollywood buffet needs to be mentioned. Anyways, if I could, I would rate this place 4.5 stars. The plating and presentation was phenomenal and "cute," the ambiance felt like more of a restaurant than a buffet, which was nice, and the service was good. However, the food, in my opinion, is trying to play catch up to the other glowing areas of this buffet. The food itself was good with certain dishes, not so much with others. However, I will say that upon  seeing their dessert bar, I probably had an existential experience. The gelato was awesome and the other sweets were great as well. Definitely an anchor to Wicked Spoon. One specific criticism: the crab legs were a bit small and the shrimp sizes in the shrimp cocktail could have been a bit bigger.I've been to almost every buffet on the strip and many others off the strip, and Wicked Spoon is a quality buffet. If you're a hater of Wicked Spoon, giving it one or two stars and using terms such as "execution" and "uninspired," I would like to control some expectations (we sometimes tend to play make believe that we are judges on Iron Chef). This is, after all, still a buffet, not a fine dining 3 star michelin establishment. I'm sure expectations of textures and inspiration will be satisfied with 300 dollar tasting menus at those restaurants, and Vegas is filled with them.
4	So good that we had to come back 2 days in a row.  True testament to how awesome this buffet place is.  It really does stand out from other buffets on the strip, which is a herculean task since Vegas is THE mecca of buffets and since everything in Vegas is so over the top extra, just like this sentence.Food: Most of it was good, some not so much.  But you're at a buffet - if you don't like it, keep it moving, there's more food around the corner. Notable mentions and nods to the following: -Yogurt parfait with blueberries and walnut granola crumble: easy to pass this one by and you would think, why would you fill up on this but I'm glad I did. - Angry Mac & Cheese: angry because this mac & cheese has got both bark and bite.  They use sharp cheddar (yum) so you definitely get a kick of flavor unlike most mac & cheese served anywhere else which is boring, lacking flavor and suffocating in cream.  The best mac & cheese I've had.  Nothing else is needed to make this dish better.-Eggs Benedict: filling yet still light enough because they used shaved ham and not canadian bacon.  -Coffee: yes, I said coffee.  I was prepared to drink coffee flavored water because I thought they wouldn't pay much thought or attention to their beverages, but they do!  Piping hot, which I could just hug them for, and actually good.  -Desserts: the island is mesmerizing and a feast for the eyes.  Don't get too excited though...only some of the desserts are good.  The chocolate covered strawberries dipped in toffee and nuts are serious.  Literally, the only bad thing I really can complain about is the gelato.  We tried 2 different flavors and both made me want to gag.  Thinned out gelato that has the consistency and taste of sweet mucous.-Complimentary mimosa or bloody marys - the blood mary is mean.  Super stiff drink and generous pour of alcohol in this drink.  Prepared to be lit beyond measure if you actually can finish it. Presentation: This is what truly won me over.  Most, not all, of the dishes are in individual portions.  Such thoughtful execution that brings sophistication to a buffet.  Service is stellar.  Seriously, how is everyone so cheerful and helpful?  I appreciated this so much because it really is such a nice accent.  And because of this customer service, I felt like I was at a restaurant, not at a buffet. We encountered several different employees here from the register lady to the hostess that seats you to the server who brings you your drinks to the line cooks serving you the meat of your choice.  The service is seamless and smooth.Overall, it's a great buffet that indeed offers less variety than other buffets but there's no way you will leave feeling jipped. Location: a walk to get to because they tuck this in the far back in the corner on the 2nd floor of CosmopolitanPrice: $22+tax  from 8am-3pm
4	Out of my last few Vegas trips, due to whatever circumstances, I was never able to buffet it. I dreamed of slabs of meat being cut in front of me and drooled over the cute pictures of the little pans from this place. But I was able to end my last really good trip with this buffet. We aimed to come before lunch but with checking out of the Wynn and stuff we came exactly around noon. The line was long and we were hungry but I couldn't wait. After an hour, we were seated, but not even seated because I just set my purse down and busted toward the food. I grabbed a plate and started grabbing what stood out. I loved the presentation. It made for cute pictures but after grabbing 4 things, I had no more room on my plate. This place does force you to make multiple trips to get food.Stand-outs include the eggs benedict, angry mac and cheese, the CORN, the fried chicken, clams, Korean short ribs, Thai tea gelato, peach cobbler, and probably a few more that I don't remember.I think that for the most part, the food was better than normal buffet fare (even if I haven't had the chance to try any LV buffets recently). They stayed pretty well stocked for the lunch rush. Some of the food was just luke warm though. I only saw a real line for the meats and the desserts which made it easy to just grab whatever you wanted without waiting. I liked the long line layout of the food.All in all, good stuff. I loved the plating but it also meant that things were pre-proportioned for you so you couldn't just take a little bite just to try something. Its the nature of buffets to waste food but I didn't want to be like that. My eyes are a lot bigger than my stomach so my advice is to split things you want to try with other people, which I didn't realize to it was too late. I was pretty full after my first plate of only 4 things but by the end, I was sharing a plate of dessert with a friend.Sorry, my thoughts were pretty scattered, I wanted to touch on a bunch of points. Its a must do!
5	The Wicked Spoon has abolished my generalization of buffets.   As I perused the cornucopia of culinary genius all I could think of was how am I going to try all of the food here.  This buffet is a collection of small plates and not just bulk trays of food in a steam table.  I have never seen such fantastic presentations at a buffet!I was only able to try a small portion of what they had but everything was fantastic.   I started off with the eggs benedict, sushi, Korean spare ribs & two types of homemade sausages.  The cut to order slab bacon was a nice touch.  I wasn't in the mood for lamb chops but I had to indulge.  When would I ever have lamb chops at a breakfast buffet again?  Everything was fantastic.   Due to my indulgence the previous evening in copious amounts of alcohol I could only stomach (3) plates and desert was out of the question.  For all the desert lovers out there they had a gigantic desert area.
5	BEST VEGAS BUFFET I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!The decor is out of this world, and the food is even more stellar!They portion everything out so you can try a little bit of everything and not over stuff yourself with just one item. They offer a variety of cuisines. Asian, american, italian, seafood, fresh fruit, dessert, etc.The best eggs benedict at a buffet I have ever sunk my teeth into. Prime rib is a classic, and the best gelato flavor: THAI TEA. SOOOOO BOMBI will come back to this buffet because it is simply the best.I cant remember everything I ate, I just know I left the size of Violet after chewing the gum in willy wonka and the chocolate factory..Much better than the buffet and planet hollywood and the bellagio.NOM NOM NOM!
2	I went there for their brunch buffet. I was not impressed at all. 1) They don't really have that many options. Comparing to other buffets such as Bellagio or Wynns, you don't get overwhelmed here. Its like you know you will be able to go around and try all food here. You know you can manage. 2) The taste was just meh. They have sections for mexican food, asian food, also some pastas. Not many of the options stood out for me.Even the dessert section, they looked way better than they tasted. But again, this buffet is cheaper than most of the restaurants. So I guess you get what you pay for.
5	LOVE this buffet! It was better than the other buffet we went to. Everything was so cute. A lot of dishes had there own separate container which were really cute! And the food was delish beside from a few items, which were the ethnic ones but none of the buffets have good ethnic food. I was STUFFED. My stomach grew a lot by the time we left.
4	Love there decor and ambiance of the place.  Pretty pricy but expected since I am at vegas and wanted to try a higher end buffet.  Wait was kind of long but vegas is always crowd on the weekends so expected that too.  Love all the small serving sized, since I wanted to try a little bit of everything.  Need to come back for breakfast and lunch, since already tried the dinner buffet.  Looking through all the pictures posted and noticed they have a rotating menu and will be back hopefully to try those out.  Will be coming back to the wicked spoon.
5	...Great orange juice!great buffle but if you're going at their busy time, be prepared to wait in queue.
3	I am not much of a buffet guy so don't ake the 3 stars to heart.  I do recall going to the Wynn, Belagio, Rio buffet in my pre-yelping days.$40.00 entrance and everything I tried was fresh and prepared well.The stand out for me was the slab of bacon.  The Korean Style BBQ ribs were good but too chewy.
5	I ate here on a recent trip to Vegas. The buffet is tucked away in the Cosmopolitan hotel and is the best buffet that I have had in Vegas. We got there for dinner right at 5pm when they opened. The food was amazing. The roasted corn and chili risotto was among the best. They had sauteed green beans that were out of this world as well. There are a lot of meat carving stations, seafood options, and a lot of vegetarian options as well. They also have a gelato bar and tons of miniature desserts. It's $35 per person for dinner and the quality of the food makes it well worth the price. Definitely recommend! This beats the Bellagio buffet by far.
5	Wonderful selection of food and deserts! The line is definitely long, so be prepared to wait. But once you are in, the selection and quality are definitely worth the price. You also get unlimited beaverages and one free alcoholic drink. You feel pampered and relaxed, although it's a buffet.
4	I didn't think anything could top the Bellagio buffet that we visited last year but this did...by a long shot!  We arrived for the weekday brunch at 9:30am on a Wednesday at the end of August and there was no wait for a table or for any of the food.The restaurant is beautifully decorated with interesting chandeliers that really make the space.  I preferred this to the many strands of crystals in the main Cosmopolitan hotel and casino areas.As others have described in more detail, a lot of the food is served in small containers which is very cute and must also cut down on food wastage which I was glad about!  I don't love buffets generally as it feels too overwhelming but it was nice to be able to take a small portion of each item and try it.  The layout of the food was impressive.  I particularly liked how the fried chicken wings were served in tiny fryer baskets!  And don't forget to try the fried chicken with the chimichurri sauce, it was fantastic!There was an omelet bar which was very well-appointed (at the dinner buffet, this is replaced with a seafood bar, apparently).  The small portion of Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict was a lovely alternative to regular Eggs Benedict since I don't eat bacon.  The egg was perfectly poached and the Hollandaise sauce was delicious.One thing I was surprised we liked so much was the yogurt parfait (yogurt, honey berries and granola).  It was excellent!  You must try it even though it doesn't seem like the kind of thing you would choose at a buffet!The kalbi (Korean short ribs) in the Asian section were a little chewy but the taste was spot on.  The kimchee fried rice and ginger chicken were also excellent.And Angry Mac and Cheese...need I say more?!And just when we thought we couldn't possibly eat any more, we hit the beautiful display of desserts and gelato!  The chocolate covered strawberries were excellent, not waxy at all as some reviewers have said.  The desserts were beautiful and delicious and the salted peanut caramel gelato was amazing!With all that and an included mimosa, we were well and truly stuffed and happy but didn't feel gross as we've felt after most buffets.
5	Best buffet in Vegas!
5	What's Vegas without the buffets? Wicked Spoon is the newest and hottest buffet in the newest and hottest hotel/casino in town! Dinner Saturday night did cost $45 per person. But when they're serving bone marrow, a wide selection of charcutterie and cheeses, fried oysters, endless crab legs, meats galore, and an assortment of desserts that'll make you full just with a glance, you'll gladly shell out $50 to dine here. I have to add that even the guests at this buffet are the hottest in town! So you get a feast for the mouth AND the eyes! Best part about this place is the built-in portion control. I'm sure everyone has experienced the eating-overboard that occurs at buffets. At Wicked Spoon, they help you out by serving everything in their own containers and if you want more, just take another cup/bowl/serving.
1	So friends and I had given our first try at the Wicked Spoon for lunch, we hated it, others kept saying it was good but you have got to hit up the dinner. We said okay let's give this one more chance. Verdict? Still hate it. We were hungry and beat the dinner rush by arriving around 5 for dinner. Our first plates seemed promising, I picked up a tasty shrimp ceviche, duck taco and the ginormous bone marrow. Liked 2 out of the 3 (bone marrow was not what I was used to, but maybe because I missed the little bowl of chimichurri on the side). All the following plates were a major disappointment. Even some of the crab legs were kind of questionable. Honestly the presentation is exceptional, but really I'm only there for the food. To add insult to injury the food at the buffet gave me quite the raging case of food poisoning which is not fun when you've got a 4hr car ride back to LA. This buffet is banned for life.
5	My family and I refer to Wicked Spoon as, "THE BEST BUFFET EVER OF MY LIFE!"We dined on a Saturday night. With the tax and everything, it was $44 per person. And it was very much worth it!!The decor and setting is beautiful.  Felt so posh, which is fitting considering the 44 dollar price tag haha!The presentation of the food was just as stunning! Like the things you see on the food channel! Take lots of pictures, because they sure are photogenic!Now to the most important factor: taste of the food. Um, everything we tried was good. Like, everything. HAHA! I dont know what else to say, we loved it! Delicious and unique.  I was able to eat foods here that I had never even thought about before.  Lamb gnocchi, duck ravioli, thai tea gelato.... As expected, you cant LOVE every single thing you eat, but honestly, whatever foods we did not care for, were still pretty good! I myself am not a fan of bone marrow, but my mom ate so much of it!  To sum it up, our least favorites foods were still pretty dang good! And for the foods that we LOVED, lets just say we ate 3 servings of each of them!We will definitely be coming back.  Every trip to Vegas must now be accompanied with a trip to Wicked Spoon.
3	The food I had was amazing and the presentation was outstanding. However I dont think the selection was as good as other buffets. The Asian selection was by far the worst.
5	Where can you find the best buffets of all time?? Only in VEGAS!!! I normally dislike buffets and Vegas is where I make the exception. It's the total opposite. I LOVE buffets in Vegas! Wicked Spoon is wicked good!! I think this may be my new favorite buffet!! I LOVE how everything is portioned out into small bowls/plates. Pretty much everything I tried was delicious! Lunch or more correctly brunch is $22 and includes a mimosa or champagne. Dinner is $35... not sure if dinner is worth it at $13 more, but I supposed one day I will try it and find out. I would post some pics, but seeing how there's already nearly 2000 pics, I don't think my pics would be any different. Our waiter was also really nice and the decor in the buffet is beautiful.
5	Just thinking about this buffet makes me want to cry tears of joy.I came in back in June when the EDC festival was going on with a huge group of friends. I was advised that if I am in Vegas, I have to go to the buffet. I stopped liking buffets for a good amount of time just because the quality of the food is usually not that good for the price but since I was in Vegas with my friend, why not try it?We had a group of 18 people I believe and the cost per person around lunch time was between $22-$27 dollars. We had our tables set up in about 5-10 minutes after we paid and after we were seated, our drinks were given to us. Unlike most buffets that have a gigantic spoon or tong in the heated metal trays, wicked spoon portions their food out in small dishes to ensure that each serving is enough for each person. I found it pretty cool how they served it. It was more clean and less food wasting than just having someone pick out how much they wanted. This place literally has everything... EVERYTHING. I walked around and saw how they had breakfast food, korean food, japanese, american, italian... etc. The best part about the buffet for me was the dessert area. Let me tell you about how most buffets are like in my area. 1. they either have vanilla or chocolate soft serve ice cream or 2. crappy cakes, cookies or jello. Wicked Spoon is beyond that childish desserts. Rather than soft serve ice cream, they have gelato that is hand scooped and served to you...GELATO! You know you're in Vegas when they gelato in a buffet! Oh, its not even just vanilla and chocolate too, they have a sorts! Besides that, they have macarons (OMG), mousses (OMG AGAIN), chocolate covered strawberries (DEAD/). I was so amazed by their selection of desserts that I kept coming back to that area while everyone else at my table slowed disappeared back to the hotel.I really hope I get to go back to Vegas soon. I really want to back here again! D:PS: Waiters/Waitresses were friendly and attentive!
2	Traveled to this buffet on very high recommendation. My verdict: it is only okay, and is far, far too expensive for what you are getting. Had no problem getting a table. In fact, a good third of the tables were empty.Sat down, and the server (who was excellent) asked me if I wanted to partake of the special bottle of wine for $20. I declined but just asked for a glass of the house wine. That put me back $15 (+ tip).There was little or nothing to make a salad with. No lettuce, no tomatoes, no mushrooms, no peppers, etc. Damn, its 98 degrees outside and one can't even make a salad! And this for $38.
5	Went here again this past labor day and it is officially my new favorite strip buffet...perhaps it was the holiday brunch so there were extra special items.  There was slab cut bacon, kalbi short ribs, steamed clams in a white wine garlic sauce, Taiwanese style pork belly buns, angry mac and cheese, duck ravioli....I ate my heart out plus some.  And desserts....I ate macaroons until I literally couldn't breathe anymore.  I've decided to swear off Brazilian grills in favor of Wicked Spoon...with the abundance of options and similar price...I say pick Wicked Spoon.  Honestly, most people only enjoy 2-3 cuts of the meat at Brazilian, versus the options at Wicked Spoon are quite limitless.
4	My new favorite buffet in Vegas!  Here's the thing, I've kind of burned myself out on buffets, especially after once doing all of the buffets on the Buffet of Buffets in 24 hours once, but my tried and true, hands down best has been The M... until now.  Don't get me wrong, I still think The M is awesome, but Wicked Spoon upped the ante.I'd heard the lines can be crazy so I made my husband check in on Foursquare for three days in a row at Cosmopolitan hot spots so that he would have the badge that gets you VIP line access.  No worries there, since we went early... they open at 5pm and we were there at, um, 5:10, there was NO line.  I was surprised since it was Labor Day, but yea for us!  No wait to pay, no wait to be seated and quick access to the AMAZING food.I was a little exhausted after the five mile hike to back of the Cosmo property to FIND Wicked Spoon, but luckily sustenance was mine.  What impressed me the most was that the food was presented beautifully AND it was very good.  A lot of times buffet food is just cafeteria food, but I did not get that at all from this one.  I liked that they had your staples, prime rib, pork roast, etc at the carving station and crab legs and asian fare, BUT that they also had unusual items as well, like the General Tso pigs feet and I'm still kicking myself for getting too full before I tried the roasted marrow!  The selection is just a huge wow.  But, I noticed some things would run out quickly and I'd miss out... I never got to try the roasted beet salad, which is a favorite of mine.  My favorite items were the prime rib (because that is always a fave for me), the build your own mac and cheese bar, the individual cheese plates (LOVE!), and this one strange little chocolate shot dessert thing that I can't describe for the life of me except to say, YUM.  I really enjoyed the "salad/appetizer" section because they had so many little interesting crostinis, cheeses, salads, etc.  I could graze there all night... oh wait, I did.  Oddly, my husband LOVED the dessert bar.  He seriously had three helping and this man does NOT have a sweet tooth.  STRANGE!I feel like I missed out on a lot because I just get full too fast!  What I didn't care for was the chocolate lava cake - um, no lava, and the gnocchi I had was okay, but too soft for my taste.  Surprisingly, the angry mac and cheese did not wow me.  The flavor was good, but the one I got was super dry.  Darn it.The staff was all very friendly and attentive.  It was $41 per person on Labor Day evening 2012.  I think that is pricey, but we all felt it was an acceptable price to pay to splurge for a buffet of this caliber. I'm guessing we'll be back.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~the food, which I loved, was a little inconsistent - not everything was cooked correctly and that dropped them a half star.~removal of used dishes more quickly would be a plus.  We found it odd that they would come by and remove plates, but never took our glasses away when a new one was brought so we had quite a collection of glasses - another minus half star.
3	Great price for Saturday brunch ($30)! And almost no wait at 1pm!Delicious: French toast (thick, moist, nutty), artichoke and crab salad, strawberry balsamic and thai iced tea gelato, eggs benedict, smoked salmon (generous heaps on cute rectangular mini plates)Not delicious: cooked green vegetables, Korean short ribs (heavily charred), grilled salmon (salty), the chocolate on the chocolate-covered strawberries (despite being coated with oreo or butterfinger crumbs)The tiny plates and bowls some dishes came in we're adorable. But also heavy, space-consuming, and wasteful.
3	This review should be taken with a grain of salt since my group and I came here severely intoxicated. That being said, the food here was great from what I remember.Unfortunately, I dont recall everything that I had but what I do remember was that the prime rib and leg of lamb were AMAZING. Both were cooked to a perfect rare/medium rare and we so soft and juicy and they had au jus on the side too. The sushi bar was somewhat lacking since they only had shrimp, snapper, and egg nigiri...from what i remember...I only paid attention to eating the snapper and shrimp haha and they were decently fresh but had tiny slivers of fish with a lot of rice. The wasabi was presented beautifully in the shape of a leaf and I dont think I was able to find the soy sauce...it must have been hiding from me cuz I might have drank the whole thang. What they need to work on is their truffle mac n cheese that wasn't very truffly and the duck ravioli that didnt taste anything like duck. They also had some veal meatball spaghetti but the veal was way overcooked and dry. For $47, I probably didn't get my moneys worth. However, the next time Im back in Vegas, I'll be back to really see how good it is haha.P.S. The waiting line goes by really quickly if your group is buzzing and having fun haha.
5	We are locals, and this is the only buffet we will go to.  We like that they have small portions, so we are able to take a little of everything.  Very good food.
3	Presentation was what made it nice, each dish in its own little pot, pan or dish made it really fun & different but the food itself was just ok.  But the dessert bar was the thing that redeems this place for me to try it again.
3	This buffet is pretty sub par compared to others I've been to. And that's saying a lot, especially since I think the buffet at Rio is better than this one. Other than their food being portioned out in cute little presentations, this buffet doesn't have much to offer selection wise. However, their dessert selection looked quite good. I guess I should mention I did come here for brunch, so perhaps dinner would be a better option. The only memorable things here were their thai tea ice cream served in a waffle bowl and their korean bbq ribs. Seeing as how I was pretty hungry before eating here and I only picked at two plates of food, I would say this place isn't worth the price. At $30, I would've expected better. I would much rather pay $50 for a better buffet. And I've also never had a buffet charge me gratuity because of a large party before. I mean, it's a buffet, all you do is pick up my plate (which they didn't really do) and serve me drinks.
5	Here is my favorite buffet.
5	No lie, this is the best buffet on the Strip.  I had read and heard about it, so we had to go.  We were prepared to wait in the long line even though we were starving by the time we arrived.first there's 2 lines.  there's the line to pay at the cashier, and then after that, the line to get seated.  We were in the first line for about 15-20 minutes.  When we got the cashier, she got stuck helping someone else so we were there a little while.  Well, we go with the buffet and the $8 all you can drink champagne/mimosa/bloody mary option and sign up for the Identity card (free).  I dont' know how but the lady was apologetic about making us wait and moved us right up to VIP and we didn't have to wait in the 2nd line at all!!  Amazing how these things can make you so happy.Well we get right in and really the food is amazing.  Most buffets when I go, there are only a few things I really want / like to eat.  This was not like that - I really wanted to try everything.  and as another reviewer said, the presentation is wonderful and you get to taste small portions of more things.  Even with that though, there's no way to try everything since there's so much.  I loved that it was just so "gourmet" too - the mac and cheese was exquisite, the duck ravioli ... I loved the meats station - prime rib, lamb chop, etc .. all so good.the $8 drink option is great too. I  had 3 mimosas with my meal and my husband's bloody marys were strong and good.I really hope this place stays great - next time I'm in Vegas I'll def come back here.
4	it's worth the wait, i promise! i really wish they had promoters for this buffet like they do at the clubs. we got 2 free brunches with our room at the cosmo, so we ate here both saturday and sunday. we waited in line for about 45 minutes both days, but DAMN this place is awesome. i love that everything is served in small portions so you can really get a taste of things, without wasting TONS of food. there's lots of breakfast offerings, pizzas, tacos, etc. PLUS an entire section dedicated to asian food and one to desserts. highlights:-PB&J gelato-eggs benedict-mashed potatoes-bottomless mimosas (for an additional charge - worth it)
3	If I'd written this review soon after it opened, it would have had 5 stars. Unfortunately since then, it's raised the price and the selection has gone south a bit as well. Gone are the pre-peeled crab claws, and the macaroni and cheese bars hasn't been open on a few occasions I've been there as well. While the individual portions make for a more elegant display than at a traditional buffet, now the cute mini-pots are often left sitting on the the hot line and the quality has gone down a bit.That being said, there are still many things I like about this buffet. It's a good place for large groups, and they make my favorite gelato in Vegas: Salty Peanut. The cheese selection is pretty good, and the pork rillettes is superb. I'm a fan of the bone marrow, and the Brussels sprouts too. Their shrimp cocktail is the best I've had at any buffet.Service can also be slightly spotty if you're someone that needs a few refills over the course of the meal. They have an unlimited wine special for about $8 a glass, and the house wine is pretty good.Hopefully they'll either raise their standards and selection back to the quality of  this buffet when it opened or at least lower their prices-- because I would love to be able to amend my review and give the Wicked Spoon the 5 stars I would have when it first opened!
5	A testament to how less is sometimes more. I made sure to hit the Wicked Spoon this time in Vegas, as the last two times I've stayed at the Cosmo I've just gotten too hungover and didn't want to eat the next day.Wicked Spoon serves a lot of gourmet-ish items, but if you break it down, it's not that feature that sets it apart. It's all in the presentation. Wicked Spoon takes the extra effort to put everything in the right mini portion sizes. They put everything on nice little plates and make all the stuff looks real nice. As a result, you feel a lot better about yourself when you eat it because it's not a crazy large portion and you know you'll have room to try most everything you want to. Very good attention to detail!Platinum status allowed me to waltz to the front of the line for my comped buffet. I was pretty sure there were 200 angry people staring me down as I did so.Oh, and another memorable part of my dining experience was when we got up from the table to fetch seconds, they physically moved our table to make a larger table for someone else because they thought we were gone. Then they gave us our table back, but everything was removed from it already, so I was not happy about that. WTF people!
2	Yelp, this is the first time you have failed me. I came here for dinner on a Friday night and I was so appalled to find out that they DID NOT MAKE ANY MACAROONS!!!!! The food was meh and the selection was a double meh. I gave this place 2 stars because they did have a stellar gelato selection, the decor was really nice, and the waitress was also wonderful. Other than that if you want to try this place and waste your moola then be my guest. I would rather eat at buffet over at the M hotel.I may have been here on an off night but this is Vegas! I believe for the price I pay I should not be concerned about whether or not there is any inconsistency with my food. Not just that there are so many other options that I would think the quality should be kept at a higher level. Oh and those who are reeled in by the bone marrow offerings don't get suckered in like we did. It's not anything special. Bland at most and the only thing that gave it flavor was the horse radish sauce and chutney.  I also want to include one more thing, this is more of an annoyance. This is a buffet.....not a ball gown and tie restaurant........snooty attitudes are tacky. Yes, girl behind me at the seafood station behind I am talking to you. Don't roll your eyes at other guests because they can't make a decision as to whether or not they want mussels, clams, or shrimp. If people are given options they will take their time to decide! Sheesh! It was also nice that you tipped him for making your clams and shrimps but a dollar won't make you less snobby.
5	Went to Wicked Spoon last weekend because of awesome reviews from yelp and family members. Wicked Spoon's food was awesome, very much what I expected. Although it was a little pricey, it was well worth it! The fried oysters were amazing. They had a prime rib station that was pretty good and best of all they had leg of lamb... yum!! It definitely met my expectations and was as yummy as the pictures that I saw before hand!
5	WICKED!!!This place is by far, the best buffet in Vegas.  We first attempted to come here around 2:30pm on Labor Day weekend, but the line up was seriously ridiculous.  Luckily, we were staying during the week, and came back on Wednesday at lunch and got in within 5 minutes.  For $22, I got an amazing lunch buffet which included your choice of champagne, bloody mary and some other drink (can't remember).  I was so impressed by all the selection of the food, you name it, they likely have it.All of the food was proportioned in these small bowls/containers, whatever you want to call it, so that it was easy to grab and just have a little bit so that you don't end up filling up on one thing.  Even the pizza was nicely cut into small pieces.   The food was all amazing, and I could tell that they certainly do not cut corners on the ingredients - everything tasted very fresh and of very high quality.Oh and forgot to mention the desserts.  Unfortunately, I was so full that I couldn't partake, but they had a pretty impressive selection of desserts. There was even a ice cream/sorbet section that was freshly scooped for you.Lastly, the beverages they even provide are great.  My hubby is very picky with his coffee, but he said the coffee was amazing.  I ordered a black tea and was pleasantly surprised to receive some Mighty Leaf tea - some of the best tea out there.  OJ was nice too.
5	Fun buffet!  Everything was yummy.  I'll be back, though Bellagio's buffet is still my #1.
4	Where to start...ah, do not wear tight fitting clothes or a belt, this place WILL induce customers to transform from their dignified manner into  greedy little pigs.This is a very nice looking buffet with actual space to navigate! No need to be rude and shove your way around to get some grub.  I'll start off with my favourite dishes: Mac n' Cheese - spicy, creamy, melting goodness Fried Pig Ears - I thought this was weird too but they're like little bacon chips.Fried Chicken - Not greasy, a nice portion and comes in a cute little fryer containerDessert - The best buffet dessert in all of Vegas, glamorous gelato, chunky choco dipped strawberries (that don't taste genetically modified), melting macaroons, two types of funky fudge....etc...etc...etcThe price is high but worth checking out at least once! TIPs:Sign up for the IDENTITY membership card in the casino area of the Cosmopolitan as you can collect points when you pay for the buffet, plus as a guest of the hotel you can get a 5 dollar credit to gamble.
5	a must when in vegas! This is def. one of the yummiest buffet's to eat at! Only downside is that the lines can get long upon entry to the restaurant.
5	The best buffet on the Las Vegas Strip.  The emphasis is on high quality which is unheard of for a buffet.  The smaller individualized portions really go a long way towards making this a wonderful meal.  Crab legs, pasta, beef brisket, turkey, sushi, spicy mac n cheese--the list goes on and on.  The desserts are even better.  Just make sure you bring your appetite.  this place definitely qualifies for All-Madden status so enjoy!
2	Best way to describe Wicked Spoon is to hold up your pinky finger ever so delicately and sneer.While I will admit that it is definitely one of the prettiest buffets I've ever seen, the food was definitely lacking, and the dessert selection was pretty boring. Highlight of the meal -- make your own mac and cheese.Definitely not worth the cost. There are definitely better buffets on the Strip.
5	Anyone who complains that Wicked Spoon isn't the best buffet on the strip is simply a snob...After a long Saturday night and relatively short Sunday morning, this is the place you want to end up to get some real nosh going on. I can still taste the Angry Mac 'n Cheese, Kalbi, Bacon (so thick!), Asada Tacos, Fried Chieck, Papardelle with Rabbit Ragu, and a few other things that elude me. For dessert, macrons we're stacked and the gelato station helped top off a great meal. And of course, chocolate covered strawberries.You'll get a good variety here, and much better quality that most other buffets on the strip. Only thing I didn't see was crab legs, but we can't be greedy, now can we?Two tips: 1. Buy your tickets at the concierge downstairs. Save your self the hassle of the line.2. Marriott status helps with getting to the front of the line and also getting you free brunch if you're platinum. Pretty much one of the few reasons why it's even worthwhile to be a Marriott rewards member.
3	This review is an update.. I FINALLY went for dinner and was not impressed.. $38 for a buffet is an OK deal, but there are honestly not a lot of options for this price and a lot of the food wasn't even ready/plated when I walked up to the table.  The dessert area didn't have too many options either, and actually have the same stuff they have during brunch.Different items that were added for dinner include bone marrow and deep fried oysters, but other than that nothing really stood out for me..We eat with our eyes first, and although Wicked Spoon is a pretty buffet - its very much lacking variety/taste.
4	Great food, wish I didn't get full so fast.And great service with the refilling of our drinks.Loved the dessert and all the cute presentations of the dishes.
5	The absolute best buffet on the strip. The cheapest buffet we went to and the food and service was outstanding. I recommend it to anyone who visits Las Vegas.
5	So far the best buffet in vegas!... Bone marrow is a heart attack you'll willingly wait for. Make sure you sprinkle some salt on it.  Mexican corn meet gourmet style nom nom.... I was too shy to ask for extra aioli sauce but I did compliment the chef.
5	wow...I hate buffets but not Wicked Spoon.  First tip go early!!!  I thankfully made perfect time beat the rush and waited ahhhh 15 minutes or so.  Honestly it is a buffet so you have a ton of choices but here are some key tips I remember. What I liked:Carving station:  prime rib, beef bones, bone marrow (ok), pork roastCustom Mac n Cheese station lots of dessert to choose from but they had these little strawberry shots so goodRandom Chinese food - spare ribsVeggies were aightpizza was coo (had 1 piece)ceviche was freshfree drinks to hydrate myself Dislike:Not a huge selection of crab, but I knew that going into the place.  I won't take a star away cause I knew that from the start.  Clean place, service was good, and plenty of food to choose from.  Although 1 guy on the carving station backed up the line, but I had seconds by that time so no complaints.  jussayin
4	One of the best buffets I've tried.  I keep thinking about the corn.
3	Food: Overall, the food is tasty, but the some of the items are overcooked or dry. An example meat that was overcooked was the Korean dry ribs. The nice thing about water is that they had a nice glass water bottle on the table for you to use and refill your glass at your own leisure.  I would have liked more food with the plastic syringe containing a syrup or sauce, but that's because I like fun food. :) There were only two that had them. The small cheese platter was delectable. I love how the food was small and cutely presented. The stirfry vegetables (Asian) was very chewy and overcooked. They should have pruned the vegetables, leaving the parts that were still fresh and cut them into more bite sized pieces. Yes, you can cut it, but it was so chewy that cutting it with the provided knife was not useful. I also loved the gelato section. I got the Thai tea gelato and it tasted heavenly. The deep fried tofu was so dry but the peanut sauce was yummy. My three favorite dishes were the bacon and tomato salad with candied bacon, the strawberry shortcake, and the best one, the crostini with grilled peach on top (DELICIOUS). I  ended up eating a lot because I was trying all sorts of things, but it was a fun experience. The best food is at the dessert and cold food sections for me.Atmosphere: This place is beautifully decorated with a modern feel. It is located at the Cosmopolitan which has a modern interior too. We had dinner there on Wednesday night, so there was no line. Since there wasn't a lot of people there, we had a nice quiet dinner.Service: For a place that charges me more than $30 a person ($34.99 to be exact for a Wednesday night), I expect the service to be more attentive/quick. Our table for two did not have room for the plates we were actively eating plus the plates we were finished using. I expected them to sweep in and remove the plates. They were rather slow and took their time doing so.Bottom line: I give this buffet a 3.5 but am rounding down to 3 after having gone to the Bacchanal Buffet. :) You are welcome to check out my review of the Bacchanal Buffet on yelp too.
5	Loved there presentation of their food displays! Cute Single servings containers.. And the food tasted really good of course!
5	Fantastic buffet...u need a whole meal space for desserts itself.  Great kalbi ribs , oriental station , Italian,salad and meat cut station. Loved it .... Would recommend go very hungry :) great price , service ,  ambience
3	I came here for a post-bachelor party brunch.The line wasn't ridiculous at that point, so it wasn't too bad.The food is definitely different from a typical Vegas buffet, they try to put items on small plates or small baskets. This is a nice touch but it does take up a lot of space on the plate. For example, two pieces of small fried chicken comes in it's own mini basket. That's cool and all, but it takes up a quarter of the plate. There were probably 3 sushi rolls (at least one was spider and it wasn't too bad), but that is just a tease for me. Overall the quality of the individual items are pretty good, but the selection is kind of a turn off if you are really looking for that. The drink service was a little slow as well. The novelty of the whole  things is probably worth coming here once, but that's about it.
5	My review is limited to brunch. I kept hearing a lot about this place and often wondered what it was about. Most of the talk revolved around pastries and ice cream so I figured it was a desert place. After finding out it was a buffet I forked over the $40 for the mimosa / brunch combo. A bit pricey, but it is Vegas afterall.Places like this make me wish I was a cow with multiple stomachs. There was a huge variety of food and I was hard pressed to find something I really didn't like. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of buffets because there is no way I can eat the amount I spent but here I paced myself knowing I just HAD to try everything because it looked so delicious. Lucky for me, the desert section was full of goodies and I couldn't help myself. Chocolate cones, chocolate covered strawberry, and THAI TEA gelato. Apparently the thai tea version was only seasonal but o.m.f.g I would pay double the price of ice cream to have that anywhere.
4	Wicked Spoon is the nicest buffet I have been to so far! As with everything else at The Cosmopolitan, the Wicked Spoon sets itself apart from the Vegas 'norm'. The decor is chic and modern and I love that the buffet is away from the hustle and bustle of the casino. It is quiet and calm which is a nice environment to eat in.  The brunch is so tasty! The French toast is AMAZING. and the Udon noodles are some of the best I've tasted. The individual servings are not only perfectly proportioned, but they are also very quaint, and that the seems to make the food taste even better somehow:) The Gelato is very creamy and the flavors are spot on and interesting. (strawberry and balsamic vinaigrette and the salted caramel peanut = genius). Overall I say that the buffet is well worth the money.I didn't like every dish that I chose (the Mac and cheese and pasta for ex.) however that had more to do with my specific tastes and not so much to do with quality.  I do wish that they didn't close for a few hours between lunch an dinner but I'm sure that helps with quality control. I was also disappointed to see that the famous mac and cheese bar wasn't up and running when we went but they did have an omelet station in it's place.  It's sit down type food, but you can eat all you like! Can't go wrong with that!
4	There were two things I was preparing myself for when I was going to Vegas: clubbing and Wicked Spoon. There was so much hype about Wicked Spoon that the foodie in me was like....I need to freaking try this buffet before I leave Vegas.....or this trip is useless! When we got here, there was a long line for people to get a table. Luckily, we were a group of 10+ and got seated right away, granted we had to play 18% gratuity each. Whatever, kind of worth it for not waiting. I would have to say that the food wasn't that bomb. It was good, but not amazing. The quality of the food though is definitely better than anything I've ever eaten at a buffet. And the presentation is SO CUTE! I love the little pans. What really won me over was their dessert. Chocolate covered strawberries? Macaroons? THAI TEA ICE CREAM? Also, bottomless mimosas. You pay $9 bucks more, but for bottomless, that's pretty much worth it. And I was loving those mimosas. Therefore, 4 stars. GAME OVER.
5	Alright. My family and I went to this place last weekend. It is by no means cheap, but well worth the money. I think it was $39.99 a person. And we had 5 people all together. I hadn't heard about this place until my sister's boyfriend suggested it. When you go in, it looks like a really fancy restaurant with the beautiful decor and dim lighting. Then, when you go to pick up food, you realize that there is a shit ton of food. They had their own island of desserts. Everything is presented in a really nice way (kind of bougie if you ask me, but it was nice to get fancy for once). Don't get wine there because the bottle at the table was apparently $21.99. That's ridiculous. The desserts are on another level. You have to go see it to believe it. There were cakes and gelato and sorbet, etc etc etc. Really nice place. And I'd go there again if I could afford it. Also, the parking is under Cosmopolitan Hotel. And the parking lot should get it's own 5 bajillion star review. It is all hooked up and sensored so they have boards which tell you where there are open spots. They even separate regular spots and handicapped. There are also lights above each spot. Red means there is a car, and a green light means it's an open spot. So if you're driving down an aisle, you don't need to go slow and scrutinize every parking spot. Just look for that green light and get to it before anyone else does.
4	One of the best vegas buffets I've been to!  I came here on a Sunday afternoon for the lunch buffet and it was around $30.  There was basically no line since I think most folks leave and get back to reality.I love that food in presented on small plates and it makes it seem like it was just made for you.  Some of the highlights were the duck ravioli, made-to-order omelette bar, and the desserts!!!Enjoy!
5	Ladies and Gentlemen......drumroll...... The Holy Grail of Las Vegas Buffets.......WICKED SPOON!!!!! I spend one weekend out of every month in Vegas. I've eaten at more buffets than I can remember. This one is what visions of Vegas buffets are about. I paid $35 for dinner and would have no qualms about paying $100. It was that good. Hope the Wicked Spoon managers don't read this review. The food was full of flavor. You really feel like they put a lot of effort into each dish. It was little explosions of delightful specialness in each bite. The waitress was terrible but the food made up for all her terribleness. There was a bottle of water on the table and that's all I needed from her. If you are a amateur chef. If you like food that has been paired correctly. If you want more than bland fried chicken, and tasteless deserts. This is the spot. Wicked Spoon: Please keep up your dedication to great food. One word: Delightful
3	I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but this one was different and the little details definitely stood out to me. I liked the small portions.. that probably helps with their waste of food from customers.. smart. I also liked the purified water bottles that are environmentally friendly and also cuts down on bugging the wait staff for refills. We came in for lunch and waited about 20 minutes in line for a seat... this place is no joke! I couldn't fully enjoy my meal after a wild, crazy night in Vegas.. but I tried. I really liked the mashed potatoes, mussels in wine sauce, their salmon, pastas, pizza and short ribs. For dessert there was some nice options, including massive chocolate covered strawberries, macrons and other various desserts. I also forgot to mention their wide selection of gelato. I'd definitely wanna come back to try their dinner selections.
4	Don't usually eat at buffets just because I am such a waste of money every time I go. Either I continuously eat the cheapest not worth it item at buffets or I just don't eat enough! Wicked Spoon was a buffet I had been wanting to try because everyone that goes to Vegas raves about this place! We came here on a Sunday and the wait wasn't too bad. Since we came with such a big party, we had to pay all these tips and crap which probably made the cost about $30iish per person? The seating arrangements here are spacious and there are event private dining rooms. Like any ordinary buffets there are different stations offering a variety of dishes. This buffet knows how to tempt you into eating everything because everything is plated so nicely. I didn't like everything....I swear I got so many things, took a bite, and then dumped it. My fave items are actually in this photo: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=r1S_vDd_m9Kg2Mdr1qSeKQ&userid=pmKnNkGVgzhMkwJaTU5apAYUMS to the yogurt and fried chicken. Such an odd combo but I had aboue 3 cups of that yogurt! It was just so addicting because it wasn't too sweet, and I felt healthy. The Mac & cheese was really good too! I hated the pork belly buns though. I love pork belly buns, but after you've had it 5 star style elsewhere, going to Wicked Spoon for these buns just didn't meet up to that expectation. A lot of the foods here just looked better than it tasted. Kinda sad. I was going to give this place 3 stars, until I came across the gelato station! After I saw the Thai Tea Gelato, I was AUTOMATICALLY giving this place 4 stars. WTF THAI TEA? The last time I had Thai Tea flavored ice cream was in SF and they got rid of it....so I have been on the hunt for something like this....and it ends up being in Wicked Spoon?! WOW. The macaroons and other desserts didn't look as tasty as this gelato. It was so yummmmmmy I could've eaten more but I had portion control. Besides the average tasting food, I do give this place props for serving food nicely and maintaining such a pretty environment !
3	Wicked Spoon Buffet is located in the back of the Cosmopolitan. However, I noticed that the hotel guest elevators were really close to the entrance of Wicked Spoon. We came to this buffet with a very large group. They were able to accommodate us in various smaller tables. We had the brunch which was around $30 a person before tax. Since we had such a large group, they kindly included the gratuity. We noticed that some of the other tables had unlimited mimosas. If you want the unlimited mimosas, it will cost you an additional $9.I love the presentation of the food here. However, this buffet is all about looks and not about the food. I was expecting the food to be better, but I noticed that their food primarily consists of carbs. I am not trying to fill myself up on carbs. There were so many pasta dishes, it wasn't really that funny. For the price that we paid, I would have preferred to have gone somewhere else. I wish that they had more variety of food. However, at least I could say that I have tried this buffet at least once.
4	Food were well presented in individual portions - quality was definitely nicer than Wynn and the space was nice and open. Desserts were pretty good too but on the whole nothing mind blowing.
4	What I can start out with is... I'm glad I wore black when I ate here because it's a slimming color... Wicked Spoon Buffet was quite wicked, indeed. Especially for my waistline.It's been awhile since i've eaten at a buffet with friends and it has brought up some great conversations/first world problems of having too much good food. At times like these, I wish that potent elixir/drink (?) from the Hunger Games exists.. you know, the one that makes you throw up so you can eat more? Hah. It just made me realize how old I am now and how I can easily get owned by two plates of food now.Anywho, Wicked Spoon was a treat. For $9 you can get unlimited drinks! Such a good deal. In general, Wicked Spoon has pretty good deals for their meals... but def not as tasty as other buffets, but if you're budget conscious, this is a great buffet. They also have a good variety. Pretty much everything here is good... I loved the presentation of their dishes. I was actually a huge fan of their watermelon salad, their hash brown w cheese, ribs, french toast, and their awesome corn on the cob! Their desserts were pretty scrumptious, too... They had macaroons too, but they tasted a bit odd. Overall, fun experience here with my girl friends... definitely had some funny convos... I think we were turning delirious after so much food. We seriously were one step past food coma afterwards.
4	It's called Wicked Spoon b/c you leave here feeling like a whale & hating yourself for overindulging. I normally don't like buffets, but we had to go to a Vegas buffet before we left so we chose this one due to the rave reviews :) & YOU YELPERS WERE SO RIGHT! This place is AMAAAAAAZZZZING for a buffet ;)I really liked how most of the food was served in their own cute little platter (like the chicken wings were served in a mini fryer).. SO ADORABLE. I thought the create your own seafood stirfry thing was pretty freaking delicious. I can eat seafood till it seeps out of my eyes so this made me smile :) Their shrimp cocktails are the best I've ever had & I normally don't touch shrimp cocktail.. Their prime rib was also so tender & delicious... BTW, this place is BIG. I didn't even know there was another section near the desserts & I was too full to even nibble on anything there. However, although everything here is presented so nicely, I didn't really enjoy the desserts... Nothing really stood out & I've definitely had better desserts.CONCLUSION: food was great (though some looked better than they actually tasted) but I like my food presented nicely & the dessert section is ok. DEFINITELY worth checking out.
4	I love the wicked spoon because most of their food items are served on the own individual plate/bowl/cup. Not only is the presentation beautiful and appetizing, but tt makes it difficult to hold more than 3 things at once so you aren't piling a MOUNTAIN on your plate. They portion it so that you are eating small samples of everything and not wasting food. They have the BEST dessert here of all the buffets that i have been to. Seriously, just start with the dessert and then go try everything after. Most people stuff their face until they have no room for dessert.
5	BEST BUFFET I'VE EVER SET FOOT IN. It was worth every penny, yes, $36 worth PP!It's like...I was at an Iron Chef tasting but all you can eat!!! I fell in love..can't wait to come back. Vegas trip routine, I think so! Dessert...Heaven. Your eyes will get all glossy just looking at all the pretty elegant desserts. And your mouth...your mouth will water..lolEver been to a buffet where everything was good? I have now after coming here.
5	Amazing buffet, especially for vegetarians! They had almost every type of cuisine and everything was fresh! Great selections of desserts, mains and perfect portions! The best value!!!!
5	The best buffet on the strip!!! Seriously!Very clean, big variety of tasty food, and the desert table is out of this world!!Make sure to leave room for gelato - they have a big selection for a buffet :))The waiting staff is nice, polite and quick to bring you drinks.No big smelly carts with food leftovers and dirty plates rolling between the tables like in some buffets.
5	The breakfast buffet is so awesome. It's one of the best breakfast buffets I've ever been to...and I've been to many. Totally worth the money.
3	Fairly disappointed in this buffet even though it is considered ont of the top 10 buffets on the Vegas strip. I think I came on the wrong day because everything tasted bland...the only good thing were the gelatos. Can't get that wrong right? Would I come back and pay $38 with the chances of it being better than the first time? Maybe not...
5	YES! Wicked Spoon was so awesome. Good food, beautiful restaurant, great service! Doesn't get much better than that. It seems like every detail was meticulously planned out, right down to the BEAUTIFUL placemats. I loved those so much that I wanted to take them home... Presentation really makes this place. Even the water bottles were very classy and Parisian. Wicked Spoon is a bit cheaper than the Bellagio Buffet by a few bucks, but they generally come out to be the same price. It's so easy to make your money's worth with the Prime Rib and Mashed Potatoes. I swear I could come here and eat just those two things all day! Some of the other foods looked amazing, but they didn't quite tickle my palette. A significant amount of the food items offered were on the salty side. My advice: pass on the Veal Burger, Tostadas, Green Curry Noodles, and Pasta, but eat lots and lots of Prime Rib, Mashed Potatoes, Angry Mac and Cheese, and anything in the desserts section! I usually don't eat desserts at buffets because I feel like it's a waste of prime real estate in my tummy, but Wicked Spoon's dessert selection is too classy to resist. After all, they have their own Gelato station!! The Mint Gelato is to die for with their wafer pearls. So cute and satisfying!Coming here, I felt like my boyfriend and I had the smallest table ever, so I was worried there wouldn't be enough room for all of my plates. Once I came back after getting more food though, I realized our table had already been cleared of our previous plates. Awesome and unbeatable service at a buffet!If you're deciding between the Bellagio Buffet and Wicked Spoon, go with the Bellagio if you want more variety since the Bellagio has a huge selection of good food all around. Some of the items at Wicked Spoon are a hit or miss, so I'd say Wicked Spoon is better for those with a smaller palette or those who want a fancier dining experience.
5	I came here for the SWEETS, baby! And that's what I piled up on. Hahaha :DSo my friend Hanae recommended me to try this place the next time I'm in sin city. So that's what I did 2 wknds ago. We came for lunch. Long line to pay & then long line to wait for a table. Our server was this sweet Asian dude. Decor is very contemporary. This is the place for the younger crowds for sure. My mom didn't really like this buffet; she felt like it didn't offer much real quality food. But my mom is into seafood & the real Chinese food stuff. So we think differently, obviously. So like I said, this place is great for the younger crowds cause it has different things that we would like. I do wish they had more a variety of sushi. But the BEST thing about this place is totally their dessert selections. I made a plate of almost all of the different desserts they had. This one cute Asian dude said to me "Wow! That's like the ultimate platter of desserts! I need to do that too!" Hahaha.. :)Definitely would come again in the future. Maybe not with my mom though.
5	WOW!!im absolutely blown away by this buffet. Its one of the best ones i have gone to in vegas. Wynn and WIcked Spoon are tied in my book.The prime rib, angry mac n cheese, spaghetti, prime rib panini, shrimp cocktail etc are all pretty tasty. I didn't really have anything that was nasty. Most almost everything is fresh and tasty!Desserts are great as well. theres a variety of french macaroons, gelato, cakes and many tiny desserts. i absolutely love it here. next time im in vegas, i'm visiting the wicked spoon again!
4	Wow!It felt like we were at a regular upscale restaurant and not a crowded Vegas buffet!After doing the "buffet of buffets" tour last year we were pretty much over and disenchanted with the whole buffet experience. You know, pushy tourists, hard to get a refill on any drinks (even water sometimes!) and how somehow they always put out the prime rib right AFTER you leave! But, the Wicked Spoon restored our wonder in buffets. The atmosphere was so nice and "classy", they brought a bottle of wine to our lovely little table and were very attentive with all the refreshments. There was just one big line that stretched the whole length of the buffet for the food so that kinda sucked- they could have designed it better into sections like other places... but other than that it was a totally wonderful experience. You MUST try the gelatos!!!
4	The bone marrow, which a lot of people rave about, was a bit overhyped. It was too greasy for my taste. But everything else here was awesome, including the small sizes so you can try a bit of everything!
5	This is the best buffet in Vegas, and that's really saying something. I wish I got the unlimited wine - they have some really nice options including stuff like a red from Peju, one of my favorite Napa wineries. I had duck confit ravioli, tomato risotto, a scalloped GENEROUSLY truffled potato dish, chocolate lava cake, macarons, mango sorbet - a lot of stuff that is unique or HARD to pull off in large quantities. Wicked Spoon feels like you're having 10 upscale dining experiences all at once.
2	I mean . . . it was okay.  Mind you the two 30-year-old men (with hangovers) that I accompanied to WS had absolutely no complaints.The appearance of the restaurant is nice- modern, clean, and has a generally upscale vibe, which is to be expected at the Cosmo.Maybe it was a bad day, but the food just did not do it for me.  We got there right at the beginning of dinner- so the food should have been at its freshest.Overall, I think that WS has some awesome ideas that just don't pan out.  The Mac-n-cheese station, for instance, is an AWESOME idea- but it ended up soupy.I always get excited about crab legs, but when I asked them to heat them up (as I've done at other buffets), they dumped them into a pot of hot water, which took all the flavor away and made them taste really strange.All of the meat dishes I tried were either over-cooked or bad cuts: brisket, lamb . . . my teeth got tired.  Even the chocolate lava cake was dry- no lava!The fried chicken was good, as was the bbq shrimp with cheddar grits.  The Korean bbq short ribs were the best thing there!The quality is nowhere near the level of the Wynn.
4	Went to: BREAKFAST BUFFETAs far as buffets in Vegas go, this one is pretty awesome-- it doesn't seem like it has too many options BUT the quality of food you get here is better than the other buffets (in comparison to PH, Mandalay, MGM and Mirage)The price is normal buffet price, and they don't offer military discounts (sad!), and the shrimp comes in a little cup with two shrimp, cocktail sauce and a lemon (which is only disheartening because you have to keep going back for more (when is TWO ever enough??)... the shrimp are way better quality than anywhere else on the strip.The desserts are THE BEST (not even kidding a little bit): just about every dessert you could think of is waiting for you there, and it's soooooo deeelish!!!HANDS DOWN a great buffet, and you can go for a nice walk through the Cosmo and City Centre to walk off the bloat after. Holler
5	I was in Vegas for my sister's graduation from medical school. Having a group of 40+ in our dinner party, it was just easier if we went to a buffet to get our grub on. Considering for most of our time out there, we went to many SUBPAR buffets, the Wicked Spoon redeemed the awesomeness of the infamous Vegas Buffet chow down.Things I loved:1) Gelato Bar2) VARIETY - from home style American food, cerviche, chinese, japanese, salad bar, seafood bar, and dessert bar... LOVED IT ALL (especially the Basalmic Lamb shanks)3) Super fast service to clear plates and refill drinks4) The environment is classy and far from cheesy. One could take their date here, and it would be totally appropriate. The atmosphere and food options are great, and semi-fancy.Things I didn't like:Absolutely nothing. :)
4	If you love gourmet food and do NOT love buffets, this will be the buffet for you.Wicked Spoon does a nice job with the details of each item, the section to choose from and by far I got the best service thus far from any buffet in Vegas. They present "typical" buffet items, then rock your socks off with pigs tail, bone marrow and angry Mac and Cheese. The desserts were by far the hit of every table! I almost don't want you to look at the pictures, because it  may lessen the surprise!Service was uniquely great for a buffet and much much more difficult then other restaurants. Dishes are all different sizes and shapes And heavy!My one less star goes to two things: 1. Although I likes the pigs tail in the Asian section, I think they should either reconsider other offerings or just replace it with more of their other unique foods that are not Asian. It was not great at all.2. Although I did love the style of how the food was presented, the dishes were very heavy and hard to carry.I highly recommend this buffet when you are there and if you like unique typesof foods to try. If you JUST want prime rib, crabs leg and shrimp (which they do have)...you might not fully appreciate this buffet. Happy eating!
4	I have a love-hate relationship with buffets...I love the fact that you can eat to your hearts desire....but hate that my appetite is not large enough!!!This buffets strives to be above the rest with their gourmet ingredients and recipes. For the most part, everything tastes good but since most dishes are served in individual (large) portions I wasnt able to try everything without throwing a lot away too and I hate wasting food! Dishes that I enjoyed were the seafood section with the crab legs and the clams/shrimp they cooked with your choice of seasoning, and the salad bar with the cheeses was great!I absolutely loved the dessert bar!!! the gelato was delish and their chocolate mousse was to so good, I think I ate 5 of those! Would i come here again? yes if someone really wanted to go, but I just think I could spend 35$ on dinner at a nice restaurant and be even more satisfied
4	I came here with some of my friends (6 of us) and we probably waited around 45 mins to an hour for dinner. You pay before you actually sit down and the price was around $40 I believe. Did the price justify the meal? I would have to say yes. The highlight of the meal for me was definitely the seafood bar where you pick what you want, clams, mussels, and some other seafood. Then you pick which flavoring you want, I always got the garlic butter one. So good! I must have came back to this station 3-4 times. It went well with the selection of meats they have, prime rib, etc. I also enjoyed the nice cheeses they had (there were like plates with 4 different kinds of cheeses). The Asian food looked kind of disappointing, dry, etc, so I didn't really try them. The dessert bar is fantastic though. Oreo chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato/ice cream bar, and other decadent desserts. I wish I could have tried all the gelato/ice cream flavors! The guy recommended the almond joy so I got that and it was pretty good. I look forward to coming back to this place on my next trip to Vegas for sure!
5	For about 5 years wynn buffet was the place to go until i finally tried the wicked spoon. It was shockingly delicious. I dont want any problems, do it.
2	I am a bit torn on the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  It is not that it is a bad buffet but it is for a certain food pallet.  My partner loves this place and would give it 5 stars!  The food is definitely interesting. They have dishes laid out in little tins that provide a sample size of many different things. It is a nice layout in terms of presentation.  The issue that I had with this place is that everything is quite heavy.  There is definitely a sauce or butter base (it seems) to a lot of the dishes here so I would be careful if you have sensitivity to this (or are lactose intolerant) to go by the guidelines of the little dishes they give you and not overdue it.  We went last in July and it was quite good overall the prime rib was excellent but I ended up getting sick from it not because of bad food but rather the butter base in everything it is quite easy to feel like it will take quite a while to digest and overall just feels heavy.  The deserts were interesting and offered quite a variety.  I appreciated the Gellato bar it was a good twist and something fresh on the buffet overall.The star of the show though is probably the hotel itself which is really nice. A bit over the top depending on your style but definitely something to experience while in Vegas.  I have had better buffets for my tastes but it is not bad.  Pricey and heavy.  If you don't mind either then I would definitely give it a try but if you are limited to the buffets you plan to visit definitely goto Bellagio first.
2	Wicked Spoon, I feel so sorry for you. If it wasn't for Bacchanal Buffet, i would actually love you.Last Friday Night, l paid $37..99 plus tax for Bacchanal, and it was the most amazing buffet meal of my life.Following night, my three friends and I decided to try Wicked Spoon ($39.99). We paid and entered the food arena, After making few rounds scouring all the food stations, we decided to try to get our $ back because just everything at Bacchanal looked way better than Wicked Spoon and there was a lot more options.The manager asked us why we wanted to get our money back. We told him the buffet at Caesars was better and cheaper than his buffet. He said "I am very sorry to hear about that. We have a much better selection in the brunch section, so be sure to come back for that", and we got our $ back.If you have never been to Bacchanal, you will like Wicked Spoon. But once you go to Caesars, you simply can't go back....trust me on that.
5	Well where to start? This is one of the best Buffett in Vegas in my opinion. So many choices to choose from. My wife n myself went there almost everyday during our stay. My wife is Thai and she was so surprised when we found some pho soup there. Salads great, drink selection was also great, dessert is like transforming into a child all over again. Everything you can think of. Only thing that disappointed me was the Mexican section of the Buffett. Thank you Wicked Spoon for all the fun memories we will return.....Lol
5	Fatty fat fat fat day.  Let's round up from a 4.5 because I was disgustingly full after devouring everything I could here.Came here around 2pm on a Saturday and paid about $32 for the brunch buffet.  There wasn't a long wait and the place wasn't too crowded so off times are definitely worth going to if you want to avoid the lines and wait time.There's not variety here--there's your typical Asian side, Italian side, meats and poultry, salad and cold cuts, and desserts...but there's not much in each category.The desserts section was probably the highlight of this buffet.  Everything is beautifully crafted and the gelato selection is pretty impressive for a buffet.  I say their best item is the chocolate covered strawberries, large sized and oh-so-sweet tasting.  I'd take the strawberries without the chocolate and nuts coating any day.Food here is on the richer side so it's a minus that it's so heavy.  I can be stuffed after one or two plates, no problem.  My favorites at lunch time was probably the duck confit ravioli and one of their pasta salads.  I could overindulge on just those two.  Wasn't a huge fan of their meats (friend's piece of lamb looked really undercooked), but the Korean style BBQ ribs were on point.  I was also a fan of their gnocchi and angry mac and cheese (nice "angry" kick to it) though the gnocchi was more on the soft side--combine the two dishes and they taste spectacular together.Not too bad overall, Wicked Spoon...although I did have a problem with the flies flying around the cheese platter and fruit flies around the pineapple--fix that.
4	Food is awesome! Wicked spoon is officially my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Deserts were awesome. It's not your typical buffet food which is usually boring, old, and bleh. Presentation was nice, food areas were clean, and service was good.
5	This place is hyped up by fellow Yelpers & foodies that I follow. And there are PLENTY of damn good reasons why it's hyped up. For one, it's the best damn buffet I've ever eaten at! We literally had less than 40 minutes to grab a quick bite to eat before heading over to The Orleans to watch the prejudging show for The 2012 Mr. Olympia. So me, being stubborn about the main places I wanted to hit up while we were in Vegas, still wanted us to dine here even though we wouldn't have enough time to even enjoy all the wonderful food they offer here...I paid about $82 for the both of us. Yep, the dinner price here is quite high but here's why I feel it was still worth it. 1) The seating arrangements are super fancy schmancy including the silverware, glass water bottle and cloth napkins on your table. 2) The waiter service is exactly like the service you would receive at a Michelin starred restaurant. 3) The FOOD! Delicious and quite fancy too.I really enjoyed the seafood selection they had here. Some of the items that I devoured that stood out to me was the bone marrow, yes! bone effing marrow at a buffet, the duck confit ravioli, the seared raw fish plates, the fried oysters, the shrimp ceviche...and oh gosh, so much more...but I can't seem to remember much because I literally devoured 7 full plates in 30 minutes. I'm a binge eater, and effin proud of it!The best station hands down here would have to be their dessert station. OMFG! Macarons, freshly baked red velvet white chocolate chip cookies, chocolate dipped waffle cones, fruit tarts with chocolate mousse, cheesecake, gelato, pecan pie and so so much more! I had 2 full plates of desserts. If we seriously had at least an hour or 2 to dine here, I would have ended up eating 10 plates of desserts alone. Amaze balls!I really really love how most of the food items here are portioned out into "spoons". Even though I have no portion control, I like the fact that I don't have to wait in a line to scoop any food out of a tray.Wicked Spoon, you won me over with your wicked wicked sweets! :D
5	Fantastic! Best buffet I've ever had! On the expensive side for somebody who's used to $9.00 buffets, but well worth it. The food was exceptional. Freshly cooked, well seasoned and tasty. I'd definitely return here.
4	went here for my sons birthday.... what can i say? food was off the hook! asian, american, latin, etc. you name it .. they have it!
4	just came back from vegas and had a hit and miss experience with buffets.. the best hit was the wicked spoon buffet at cosmopolitan hotel.  i paid a $38 for dinner and i really enjoyed the way they lay down the food.  the sampling of items allows to try many of the delicious items without overeating.  the only thing was the lineup to get in.. it was a $45 min wait.
4	Very classy and very convenient since we spend most of our time in the princess Cosmopolitan hotel anyways. The atmosphere is very warm and spacious, great for big groups. They're known for their bone marrow but my boyfriend gave it a try a couple times and wasn't the biggest fan. The crab legs is decent but not as good as the ones from Bachannal or Studio B. The presentation is classy and very appealing but I was hoping for a bigger selection since it's Cosmo and all. Their gelato is amazing tho!TIPS:If you're in a big group and is paying separately then don't tell them you're a part of a big party to avoid the 18% service charge. Also, have someone from your group go wait in the table line (on the left hand side if you're facing the buffet) so you get seated MUCH faster!
5	Wicked Spoon is one of those places you really don't know where to start.  As a warning though, anytime that you try to go during weekends, the wait will be long... but tough it out, it's worth it.  And definitely get the mimosa/champagne upgrade.  Alcohol always makes eating more fun (and it deadens your pain and fullness receptors so you don't feel when you stomach will explode).Again, I really don't know where to start with the food.  There are so many options, and every option is pretty on point.  The meats, the fried foods, the classics, the ethnic foods... and oh yeah, the dessert station is epic (SAVE ROOM! because you will fill at least one large plate).Best buffet on the Strip? Umm, duh. Worth the wait? Hell yes.  Worth the try? Only an idiot would say no.Enjoy!
4	Gourmet buffet if that makes any sense. Definitely the best buffet on the Strip & 1st of its kind.Wicked Spoon is more expensive than a lot of the buffets on the strip but it is so worth it. Personal portion dishes (for example, a small basket of calamari or a small skillet of truffle mac n cheese) The dishes are very creative (so not your typical buffet food). The flavors are wonderful.The dessert section is my favorite... I didn't know where to begin! Strawberry balsamic gelato was the BOMB! I know it sounds odd but you have to try it!!
4	I've been to all the major buffets in vegas (Bellagio, Wynn, M resorts), except the new Bacchanal buffet at the caesar. But I will go real soon...So far, this one is my favorite, the dishes are placed in small containers, which is a nice touch. It's very well portioned, it's small so it allows you to try different things.My problem with buffets is this: what to eat, and what not to eat. Some people go for what they think is the most expensive stuff and gorge themselves to make it worth it... and there are so many things to try, once you've tried most of what you wanted to try, you're already full.And while buffets are made for quantity, I like to take my time to try different things, I know I shouldn't eat the salad, but having a balanced meal matters to me so leave me alone if I don't eat the crab legs by the boat load!!!On the variety side, this place really shines, pretty much all major cuisines represented, from chinese japanese french italian american... whereas most buffets have the whole wall in the back with some station before the wall, most of them only have original items on half the spread, and the items are repeated on the other half of the wall. Not here, the whole buffet is unique, no food is repeated anywhere!!!Of the few items that people keep talking about, namely angry mac an cheese and bone marrow, I found these item s to be meh. I actually liked the pork sliders, fried oysters, rib tips, parpadelle, kim chi fried rice, crab salad, mushroom salad...The pasta was fresh and had good texture, worthy of an italian restaurant!!!Kim chi fried rice was so good, I actually had seconds, I know I know don't eat rice at a buffet!!! lolSadly I never finished sampling the whole spread and was actually full before I tasted all the stuff I wanted to try. On the dessert side, I really like the coconut flan, and the thai iced tea gellato. And never before seen is the chesse plate among the dessert spread, very nice touch.I had a total of 6 plates, which is 3 plates more than I usually have. nice Buffet I would definitely go again.
4	THE. BEST. BUFFET. EVER!I learned of this buffet through my fellow yelpers. Good thing my group and I eat buffets around 4-5. We got very lucky when we came here!We had no idea when the buffet was open or closed. We arrived to the entrance of the buffet around 430 to see it was closed and would open at 5. We were the first to arrive. Many other people later started to line up. As soon as 5 PM hit, my goodness, there was a line that wrapped all the way down to the escalator area!! WHOA! It's that great here huh?? The decor at the entrance was very Cosmopolitan hotel esque so we knew this buffet was serious.Lucky us, paid at the front and stood in line for a table. We didn't wait long because we were first! I'm sure if you were to go during the dinner rush, there'd be a long wait!! But walking into the dining room, it was HUGE! Glass art hanging from the ceiling. The water carafes were cute couple serving size! The plates- SQUARE!! About time buffets get the modern look! I love the square plate! I dunno about you, but I like portioning out my food in sections and the square shape helps it better :PThe food selection- ermahgerd!! The meat, the veggies, the cold foods, the asian, the desserts, and tons more!! There was a BIG selection! There wasn't anything i DIDNT try! I had at least one of everything. I'd say my favorite is their single serving of shrimp and grits! Whoa! What a nice spice to it!! I couldnt get enough of it. Had 3 pots sized!! I LOVE the single serving! What's neat is that people just want a nibble of everything. Sure we can scoop whatever amount we want, but sometimes we go overboard... I think some of the ready served portions are ideal. Of course, always go back for more if you want it!! I was a bit disappointed with their dessert bar. Don't get me wrong here. They had TONS OF YUMMY Bites! But they didn't have a crepe bar... maybe I'm a lover of crepes but please include it!! It's ok, I still lived without it. Love how cute their chocolate covered strawberries were made. They were better than any other of the buffets I've been to- yes, better than the Wynn! The server we had was excellent, she was sweet and very accommodating to our party of 6. We all at least ordered at least 2-3 drinks amongst us. I'd definitely come back to this buffet again. It's a top 5 contender! It's tied with the Wynn buffet, hard to beat but they both offer something that the other doesn't.
5	awesome food , perfect portions. great variety, watchout for warm plates at desert bar ( chilled plate best ) mac n cheese bar made to order = worth the wait. tip the guy , he deserves it. get creative. bottled water at table good also. wine at table $$$ added cost.  enjoy !  saturday dinner for 4 = $ 191.00  inc gratutity
5	OMG - if I could eat every meal here I would. Well worth the $28.I absolutely love their baby-size portions. Allows you to sample all their delicious delights without overeating or leaving leftover food on your plate.I'm not even sure if I could pick a favorite food item I sampled. Honestly, I sampled a LOT and I swear every bite was better than the last. If you're looking for a phenomenal buffet experience in Vegas without a lengthy wait this one seriously has my vote.If I could give it 6-stars I would. Yes, it is that good!
3	Based on the hype, I expected to be blown away by all the savory spoonfuls I would encounter here, but most of the flavors were just OK.  The highlights for me were the duck ravioli and the bread pudding.  These two dishes deserve 5 stars while all the others deserve 3.  Some of the dishes were so overwhelming or heavy that you couldn't eat more than a bite if you expected to sample many other things.  Some of the food was cold--like the calamari and other dishes looked like they may have been sitting there a little too long. In fairness, I ate dinner here the day after I ate breakfast at the Wynn's breakfast buffet.  Lets face it, the Wynn breakfast buffet is hard to beat.  In summary, I paid twice the money to eat at Wicked Spoon for a meal that was about half as good.   It would be very cool if they developed a concept of literally serving spoonfuls of their dishes on this buffet.
4	The only complaint I have is that the plates should be bigger so I could fit more dishes onto it! My 4 gf's and I arrived around 1:30pm on a Saturday. The wait was about 15 minutes long and we were seated in a very nice booth along the wall of the dining area. Although there aren't as many options as a traditional buffet, the quality of the food was superb, which is what I prefer. Quality over quantity, I always say! A couple of my favorite dishes were the grilled salmon and the eggs benedict. Their dessert station has french macarons, giant chocolate covered strawberries, and interesting gelato's like thai iced tea and strawberry balsalmic.I'd rather go to a buffet like this and pay a little more for better quality and less options that a ton of low-quality food. Definitely one of the better buffets to try in Vegas!
4	Yay!i used to tout the Bellagio Buffet whenever I talked about Vegas.  But wow wow wow!  I really enjoyed Wicked Spoon.  It's not like any other buffet i've ever been to, food wise.  I looked this place up because I wanted bone marrow.  How great is it that I can find bone marrow in a buffet, and I don't have to go to either a French restaurant or a steak joint for it?!I love that everything is portioned controlled.  Yeah, it would suck to be their dishwasher and you may only be able to fit 4 ramekins worth of food onto your plate but you won't look like a Fat Assssss for sure (unless you've got awesome balance and a waitressing background and can carry 4 or 5 plates to your seat like ME). They have food that I've never seen in any other buffets:Bone marrow - my dad actually makes it better but this was still tasty and I could go back for eighths if I wanted.Fried oysters - YUM!Lobster risotto - YUM!supertenderandohsodelicious Short ribs - YUM!othertenderporkwithcollardgreens - YUM!Korean short ribs - YUM!Primerib sliders - you get the idea!and like, a shit ton of other YUM! stuff (sushi, pizza, asian fares, bread and cheeses, pitas with hummus or tabouli, salads, tapas type foods, a carving station, full dessert bar).  Their gelato in the dessert section alone is worth it.  And it's not even just the usual boring strachiatella or chocolate flavors, they have blood orange, raspberry, strawberry and balsamic.  I died and went to heaven.On a side note, a lot of the food was rich in that there is a lot of fat, cream, cheese, fried in oil, type of foods there.  All delicious, of course and not in a McDonalds number 1 kind of way, but lactose intolerant folks and those who worry about the size of their thighs, BEWARE.Yes, Yelp, I *AM* a fan!  Thank you!!!
4	One of the best buffets ever! I still like Studio B a wee bit more though.  Awesome cheese and meat spread! I'm a sucker for good charcuterie spread. Seriously. And the make your own mac 'n' cheese station? Hello! Genius! I made a 4-cheese prime rib mac and it was soo rich and creamy. And made my a Texan chef ! Awesome. That guy was really nice! I tried bone marrow for the first time. That's what's cool about this Buffet..they have more random things than other buffets.  They also had some duck ravioli. Really cool. Service was there too. Drinks always refilled and the plates were taken away quickly. They have crazy good gelato. My all time favorite of the night was the freshly made prosciutto roll. Don't ask. I think O/D on that stuff O.o
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas. Vegas is supposed to have the best food but when it comes to buffets, it seems the pricier the more dissappointment there is. But not when it comes to Wicked Spoon.This buffet was great for two reasons. Variety and taste. B/c of the variety in choices in terms of taste buds and price, this is probably the easiest buffet to eat more than your moneys worth.Seafood: im indifferent about crab legs so if you need to have them, dont come at lunch. Im glad the seafood isnt only shrimp cocktail and crab legs like at other places. What i saw and remember: bowl of steamed mussels, GOOD sushi, shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon. Lets calculate. Steamed mussels are usually $7 as as appetizer. Eat 4 of the salmon nigri. And youve already eaten $17 worth before touching anything else.As far as sushi, they had other items that looked better than the sushi at any othee buffet but the nigiri is the only thing of restaurant quality.Other items I remember...Gnocci (wrongly shaped, they were ball shaped and not very good.Papparadelle pasta, omelette station, fruit (grapefruit, whole peaches and plums, grapes), spareribs (bf loved those. He ate a whole plate of them), steamed pork bun with pickled veggies. The bun was the kind they use to wrap peking duck, sausage patties, full sized pancakes, oatmeal, fried chicken, mac n cheese, their housemade sausage.Desserts: original ice cream flavors (thai tea, caramel candy bar, mango passion, coffee with white chocolate crispies, and more), pastries, macarons, housemade marshmallow, fudge, carrot cake, strawberry shortcake, tiramisu, pecan tart.Things to note: the thai tea and mango passion ice cream were incredible. It tasted just like thai ice tea and the mango tasted like a real mango but in ice cream form. Macaron filling was some kind of jam. I wasnt into it. Probably the worst macaron ive ever had. Housemade marshmallow is enjoyable. Its not overly sweet.Anyways. Loved the variety in choices! Loved that it wasnt just crab legs, prime rib or the same stuff you see at other las vegas buffets.I will definitely be coming back. And other than possibly trying another buffet i havent tried, this will be the only buffet ill come tl from now on. The Wynn, Bellagio, Bayside and Rio are all just disappointments.
4	I hardly ever go to buffets because I don't eat meat and I always feel like I'm getting ripped off, however, my friend talked me into trying this place and I'm glad he did!Of course, it's not as though the buffet is catered towards veggie-eaters, but I did find that there were plenty of delicious things for me to eat. The truffle scalloped potatoes were definitely a highlight. Also, the desserts! We decided (perhaps foolishly) to pick up ONE OF EVERYTHING. Although my body hated me for it afterwards, I have no regrets.
5	Best buffet I have ever been to in my life. Hands down. Not only does the variety span from eggs to Asian and steak to sushi, but every item tastes as if it was made in the top restaurant of it's respective category.
5	For a week day, the price of this buffet is a steal for the quality and selection of food. The bone marrow is delicious and so is their duck confit. They had a good selection of desserts including chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry balsamic gelato, and tiramisu.
5	Best Buffet I have ever been to!!!!!!!  absolutely and amazing selection!
4	The only thing missing from this buffet is a slightly eccentric candy factory owner donning a top hat and cane with small orange people running around doing his bidding.  Seriously, dessert is the name of the game around here.  Too bad my booze soaked stomach and affinity for salty food led me straight to the Asian counter first, where I stuffed myself full of sushi, fried calamari, chow mein, broccoli beef, Korean bbq, and a myriad of random gourmet offerings I saw on the way back to my table.  I then proceeded to walk towards the omlet station, where something so seductive and indulgent caught my eye that I couldn't look away.  A giant, industrial sized, silver bowl of freshly fried bacon  lay steaming in front of me, and would eventually be my demise.  Of course, I still tried the duck confit ravioli, the prime rib, and the honey goat cheese pizza, but after that bacon I was so stuffed it wasn't the same.  When I finally realized I had enough room for dessert, I meandered over to the desert area where I proceeded to become confused.  Am I still in the buffet, or did I wander into some kind of gelato shop/bakery?  Well, judging by the gentleman carrying away a plate piled the size of a football helmet with dainty little desserts, I'm guessing I'm still in the buffet.  Carrot cake, chocolate lava cake, brownies, cookies, chocolate and lemon mousse shots, donuts, and an entire gelato station are just a few of the desserts offered here.  And what's more, the desserts were actually good!  So my advice to someone going here for the first time-- have dessert first because it's their best offering!  Also, for those of you who do not have a pounding hangover when you roll in here, they offer unlimited mimosas for around $9/ person.  And trust me, they are truly unlimited.  A group of about 15 Texas A&M students at the table next to us had a pyramid of close to 100 empty mimosa glasses stacked in the center of their table. This buffet is very good, but at $40/ person it is a bit pricey.   Still, if you like the ambience of the Cosmopolitan and want to eat ridiculous quantities of food that would normally be served on small white plates in stuffy little bistros, this is a cool spot.
4	Wonderfully upscale buffet in Las Vegas. The food is tasty, and wonderfully beautiful. Some dishes are hard to carry on one plate to your table. We were at the Cosmopolitan for a few days. It would have been nice if their menu wasn't the same everyday. After the second time there it got a little boring finding something new to try. But the price is relatively cheap compared to the other eating establishments in the hotel. The staff is wonderful and the place is very clean.
5	Personally i dislike buffets, where basically your like cattle that come to feed with an impersonal experience, but i was curious on the huge rage of this place i got from friends and other yelpers, I think here the element of surprise is key, the culinary creations around every corner were appealing as well as tasty. Our hostess Cathy Or Kathy gave us insight to the whole buffet, I would'nt call this a buffet, but more like a culinary experience... Very much recomended... If your looking for cheap eats go Downtown...
3	Nice lovely ambiance. Great service. For $8 more you can have bottomless wine. Many dishes are served in individual mini pots, bowls and baskets - which is cute! They have rare items in buffets e.g. bone marrow which had made me excited when i heard about it before i went. However it didn't execute well, taste disappointed with a full mouthful of grease. Japanese food selection is tiny - no sashimi, and only some types of simple rolls. King crab legs are not as big & fresh as the ones at Bellagio. They have big Italian section though - Mac n cheese, pasta, pizza etc. I do like their cook-to-order mussels in your choice of broth; the very fresh cocktail shrimps; and the pork ribs in BBQ sauce. They also have a large variety of desserts - macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, lots of different flavors of gelato and more! Overall worth a try, but it wouldn't be my #1 buffet in Vegas.
4	One of my favorite buffets ,  Lets you try some different things , Try the bone marrow !!!  I would have never tried it but i figured why not?  and it was out of this world !!!!! I cant wait to go back again so i can have it again , Ask the server to tell you how to eat it .  It really is amazing thats all i can say .
4	Dinner here is pretty amazing.  The location kind of surprised me, it seemed kind of hidden. The selection of all the food, deserts ..etc. etc was fantastic.  In my opinion this buffet outshines the Bellagio buffet (which i LOVE!!)
4	I came here for brunch right before my flight home. I came with a big party but they got us seats fairly quickly. We had a Chinese server who kept talking me and my friends in Chinese when he found out we were Chinese. It was quite funny.I love this buffet. I like how almost everything is already neatly portioned and plated for you. I did not scoop any of my food which can get really messy sometimes. Nothing to extraordinary here, but it tastes good! One of the better buffets I have ever had.
3	I have been wanting to try out the Wicked Spoon for the longest time but never really had the time to go to Vegas :( So I was very excited to finally get to try this place out when I went to Vegas with a couple of friends.I don't even know where to start..when I walked in for the first time I was in awe.. Everything looked fantastic! I grabbed anything and everything, haha. I honestly really wanted to like this buffet, but Ithought the food was just mediocre. In fact - they were quite bland. There were indeed a few dishes that were quite tasty, but I'd say 80% of the food didn't even taste very seasoned..As for dessert - the chocolate lava cake is a MUST have. It was AMAZING! I've also heard that the Wicked Spoon is known for their delicious macarons but I found them very dry! They only come out with two flavors at a time (except during Easter), so I was able to try their Raspberry and Orange(?) macarons but I thought the filling was too sour and was just not as good as I had expected. I had high hopes for this place but it was a disappointment.. don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible or anything, I just don't think it was all that great. It really did not exceed my expectations at all.
3	Overall a good buffet. We came for lunch and it was about $40/pp. The decor is really pretty, set up nice, location is HORRIBLE. Why is it so far from the center of the hotel?! It's practically hidden in some far corner in the farthest end of the hotel - at least that's what it felt like during our trek to the Wicked Spoon. Food was good, but the meat carver hated his life and showed it to everyone. Lol. My favorite - the dessert! They had Thai tea ice cream!
4	I want to give them 3.5 stars only cuz the butter for their crab legs is kinda funky. I don't know if it's just me that notices this, but the butter has some kind of sweet flavor mixed in it, almost like honey or syrup.  I even went back and asked the chefs if they had some other kind of butter and they told me that all their butter is the same....I tried to ask what that sweet flavor is in the butter and I guess he didn't understand my question, cuz he just kept mumbling that their butter is the same and just shrugged his shoulders.  Meh...I guess lemons'll do then.  Sucks that they have such great crab, but the butter sucks major.Prime is always good and marrow is always a neat item to spread on to the bread pieces.Hubby loves this place, so I rounded up to 4.
4	I love their selection of food and how they are potioned. It allows you to try everything without overstuffing yourself. the atomosphere is lovely they have great customer service you don't even have to as for a refrill they bring you a refrill on drinks before you can even ask.
2	This buffet is a total FRAUD! Regular people would not know what I'm about to tell you. So I'm not one to eat buffet because, I just don't it is worth it. I can't eat that much anyways. I rather go to a nice restaurant. Since my friends were telling me how good it is, and how the food it served portioned in tiny pots and plates, I decided to try it. I went on a Staurday afternoon, therefore it was brunch. Cost was $30pp, $39pp with champagne/mimosa. That day had quite a selection of pastas. I had the gnochhi which came with about 7 pieces and it was soooo SALTY. There also was the duck confit ravioli which came with 2 pieces, which was pretty good. I also had the mac and cheese which was also pretty good. Even though they were nicely portioned and no one is digging into the food, I find the portioned to be too large. I would have liked it if there were only 3 pieces of gnochhi and 1 piece of ravioli. The braised beef with polenta was yummy but there was waaaaay too much butter in the polenta. There were some sushi as well, but didn't bother to get since the fish were sliced newspaper thin. The salad salad section was decent. The selection of cheeses were great. However, they did not have prime rib, instead they have sirloin. I also got the bone marrow which was next to the sirloin. The SHOCK came when I headed to the dessert section. Some of the desserts were placed on a stand. The legs of the stand had "La Rose Noire" printed on it. Like I said most people would not know what that is, BUT I DO!. La Rose Noire is a Hong Kong based company that has a factory in China that manufactures desserts for restaurants. WTF! Wicked Spoon doesn't make their own desserts. There is NO PASTRY CHEF?!?!?! After seeing that brand I start to see things clearer! I bet the gelato is not freshly made with fresh fruits and nuts. I bet they use a mix and just add water. The pistachio flavor was looking a bit too green. Pistachio flavor of real gelato should be khaki color because fresh nuts are used.
5	One time I read a review that said, "You know you're a glutton when you're reading reviews of buffets." Yeah, pretty much. We went here for the weekday brunch and definitely ate our way through $22/ea. Mmmmm okay, I guess you can twist my arm into a free mimosa. After that, $9 per person for unlimited! That sounds like a belly and a head ache to me, but I'm sure many take advantage of it.I'm not sure which I like better--the newly redone Bacchanal Buffet or the Wicked Spoon. Both had exceptional quality, and I suppose I can't adequately compare the two since I have only had dinner at Caesars' and only brunch at Cosmopolitan. The brunch at Wicked Spoon was a lot more lunch than it was breakfast, though both meal offerings were delicious. I caught the tail end of biscuits and gravy in its own little bowl with onion strings on top. It was fantastic with its house-made sausage. Probably my favorite breakfast item--though like I said there weren't as many breakfast items to choose from. I missed out on the famed red velvet pancakes! It was sad, but I got over it pretty quickly with all the rest of the things I had to choose from.Lunch was awesome--sushi, angry mac and cheese (so good, SO GOOD), duck confit ravioli, pizza, carving stations. I will say that there aren't as many made-to-order stations here than at Caesars. No matter, though, I usually like to see what creations the chef has come up with with unlimited resources.And then, of course, are the desserts. I need to just start here next time. There were also breakfast pastries here, and I'm sure they get sad that they often get overlooked because everyone is busy with savory breakfast fare. I made up for whatever slight they feel by having two croissants, in addition to macarons, chocolate mousse cones, cookies, cakes, and my personal favorite of the day, a pumpkin cheesecake. Give me anything pumpkin or anything cheesecake in general--but when you combine the two, it's pure magic.I always feel like a bad person when I eat at a buffet, mostly because of all that food waste. I guess it's just something you have to accept (especially living in Vegas). However, I will say that Wicked Spoon, among others, has tried to curb food waste by serving the small individual portions, making me feel slightly less horrible about my first world existence. I would definitely recommend Wicked Spoon for its value only--still a week or so later I'm comparing the price of other meals I eat out to the $22 brunch. ("What? I paid $9 for this crappy mall Chinese food? That's half a buffet!") I want to try the dinner next!
1	Yes. I'm giving this place one star not only because it isn't worthy of more but because they need to be brought down a notch. Hard to imagine why so many yelps think this place is so great. Maybe we knew there was an issue when we got there and there was no line.Ok here's the first thing that pissed me off. 36 bucks plus tax and gratuity. It was more than $90 for 2 to eat here. I moved from here 8 years ago and anything like this at the time was unheard of. Gratuity included? What happened to leaving your tip on the table? I'll decide how much that's worth. We immediately grabbed our plates and started to peruse the place and the more I looked the more I realized there wasn't a lot there for me to eat. Where was all the fish? Farmed salmon in a place that cost more than 90 bucks for 2? Really? I will not eat that garbage so don't even ask me to. What was there for a pescatarian otherwise? A few meager choices of veggies and potatoes everywhere - mashed, fingerlings au gratin. Hell. Oh, and where was the salad? There was actually no salad to be found anywhere. Desserts were good but the pumpkin flan was flat and it lacked the right texture. Other chocolates were good though. So, in the end, this place was not worth the price and there are better places to eat. I'm not going to pay a premium price for for something just because someone tells me I should. Just because it's a City Center Hotel on The Strip. Next time I'm in town we'll just skip the buffet thing entirely. Hey Caroline. Let's eat at your house. I'll buy if you cook :)
4	My favorite buffet in vegas! Surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet.. Anyway, Wicked Spoon is totally for girls. They serve lots of dishes in mini pan or fryers so all of the foods are presented super cute! It also helps you to not lose focus and grab little portion at a time so you can try variety of stuff at the buffet :)But the number 1 reason why I like Wicked Spoon is because of their flavorings. Most buffet food taste "eh" to me. It's not bad but it's not great either. But Wicked Spoon is different. For example, their fried chicken is seasoned so well! The chicken is coated with crispy peppery spicy skin/batter and the inside of the chicken is SUPER juicy. Their prime rib's au ju tasted great and I devour plate full of steamed clam that tasted delicious.I'm not a big fan of desserts but I definitely had my eyes on the gelato. I tried both oreo and behold, THAI TEA GELATO. Oreo gelato had nice big oreo crunches and it was great but oman, glorious thai tea gelato definitely topped it all. It taste straight up like thai iced tea but in creamy and cold gelato. How awesome IS that?Lunch is $30 plus tax. The only complaint for me is that Wicked Spoon doesn't serve crab legs during lunch time and the wait can be an hour long. Sad story.
5	I will never go to another buffet in Vegas.  this I solemnly swear.  so much variety, quality and perfect portion sizes.  I like that it's served up in little bowls, baskets, and plates... it saves me from making a mess of my plate.seriously, it's pricey... but it's worth it.
5	Loved this buffet!  This is perhaps one of the best buffets I have been to in Las Vegas and affordable.  The best part was that some of the food came in little pots and pans.  Also they don't have the janky self serve ice cream cone machine, but a whole case of Gelato!  I just about died and went to heaven...can't wait to come back, and next time for sure I will partake in the Endless Mimosa/Bloody Mary.
2	The buffet is super large and they make it very pretty, but as far as the quality I have had better and if it wasn't free with my hotel stay I would not have gone back.
4	I have eaten here several times. I have never been disappointed until last week. I noticed that there wasn't a line. I've usually had to wait 20-30 min. Now mind you I do like this buffet a lot. But this time I just didn't feel it like I did before. The carving station was always out of meat. There wasn't a whole pig or anything impressive. I think that they need to bring back the ambiance that they use to have. It just looks like any other buffet. The food was good but not outstanding. The desserts suffered as well. I could tell that they have cut back on the food they are bringing out. I made the mistake of going to the new "Bacchanal" at Caesars and it really turned my head. I still recommend it. It is very good but not 4 stars like it use to be.
4	I really liked this place. We got there at 9 on Sunday and we got to eat plenty! I made the runs and got like 5 plates of food! Pizza, Mac and cheese, cheese plates, fruit, salad, risotto, pasta, edamame, soups, paninis and way more! Plus I'm a vegetarian so I was more limited in my choices. The only thing was the dessert bar was a bit lacking but I would definitely go back :D
1	Let me Start,This was now myfavorite Buffet Since they opened & we are locals. We ate here 20 Times &brought guest from everywhere to eat here. Here is my issueThe quality is getting worse from visit to visit. Price Increased of course. :-(Came here for Brunch. Line was 2 min.  Hosts are very nice & attentive. Our waitress was nice too. She dissapeared a few Times but yes Thats Not a Problem. But the Food. Almost everything was cold. I Never fill up plates & Walk Around i usually go straight back but evrything was cold. Mussels cold, chicken cold, potatoes cold, ...The choices are very Limited. They dont really fill up. Only the Desserts are Good ( choc Lava cake, gelato) evry other cake was too Sweet ( Carrot cake, cheescake) the sweelpotatoe flan was just Bad. We ordered OJ & TeaThe Tea used to be Great quality they now suck at Tea. Its coffee flavored tea. Not Even Tea bags. They bring it in the Cup already prepared. I will Not go back. Sorry but it Sucks now. :-(
3	I checked out the Wicked Spoon last Monday and I have to say that it was pretty good. The food choices were good but many of the foods were very rich. I would have liked more of a mix of flavors. Some of the dishes were good like the fried chicken, kimchee rice, prime rib and shrimp ceviche.  The sushi was not impressive nor was the salad selection. It also seemed that some of the tasty dishes lingered under the lamp too long.  I know that it is a fine balance of keeping food fresh but some dishes were not popular and the staff kept placing out more of it instead of replenishing the other depleted areas. Overall, I'd give it another try but maybe lunch to save a few bucks.
5	I was very fortunate to go here the opening week and was instantly BLOWN AWAY!!!First of all, I need to say that Wicked Spoon is pretty much a place I go each time I'm in Vegas (which is quite often).  It's located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino and to find it, it's a long walk to the back of the casino and upstairs one level.What makes it so great???- unlike the standard buffet where there's one big tray per food item and you slop the food onto your place, this place individually plates each item into small dishes- easy to pick up one tiny plate of an item- bone marrow in the carving station- leg of lamb- omelette bar for brunch (w/ egg white option!!!)- asian section- service is SUPERB- the dessert station.... highlights include French macarons, homemade fudge, chocolate covered strawberries (regular, with crunch, with toffee), chocolate souffle, berry smoothies, and 12-16 gelatos.Dinners are about $32-37, brunches are about $27-30.  Much better than Bellagio and WAAAAAY better than the new Bacchanal at Caesars (which is $42 w/ a players card on a weekday)Also, whether or not you gamble.... GET A PLAYERS CARD!!!  It's called Identity Club and Cosmo has a really good rewards program.  Get the card before you go to Wicked Spoon.  When you pay, hand them your players card with your payment.  They'll log the dollars you spent and earn rewards back.  Rewards can be used at any restaurant or store in the Cosmo, so that's pretty cool.  Turnaround is quick, like 24 hours quick.Bon apetite!
2	Thank you Tom M. for proving that I'm not totally psycho for thinking this place is ABSOLUTELY overrated.  I can't complain about the price because it was free since the hotel did not have our room ready although we checked in at like 8pm and we were totally pissed cuz it was the wraparound balcony suite which does not come cheap ya know?  Anyhoo, I was sooo excited to eat this much-raved-about-on-YELP vegas buffet.  It was supposed to be special, different than all the rest, as the reviews told me...I was beyond excited and positive it would be a culinary dream.  But, no.  The food was terribly underseasoned and lacking in variety.  For one, I expect EVERY buffet to have a salad and fruit bar, thats what I live for.  Where was it?  All they had here was 2 pre-made salads already portioned, caesar and oriental this time, already SOAKED in dressing and limp and sad.  Um, no when in Vegas I expect fresh crisp veggies at my buffets, mmmkay?Also, the dessert bar that was raved about was totally lacking in choices and not exciting or delicious in the least bit.  Overall, I was underwhelmed by the meats, cheeses, veggies, desserts, and everything else at this buffet.  I thought this one for sure would take the crown from The Spice Market buffet @ Planet Hollywood, but no it still reigns supreme...at least on my palate..:-)
5	Based on breakfast/brunch:WHY DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG TO EAT HERE?!When it comes to buffets, it's mostly misses to me. Other than the Wynn buffet, no other buffet has made me take more than 2 trips (2 plates) for food. But this evil little place had me up and about 4 friggin times! Now granted I didn't eat everything that I took back to my table. I just mainly sampled and put it aside if it wasn't to my liking. Once again, if you have a problem with that, read my review for the Wynn Buffet and then you can shut up about it. Anyways... they don't have a huge selection of food, but the food they do offer is scrumptious and the presentation is seriously unrivaled. Foods have their own little container/pot/serving. I'm assuming for aesthetics, but it's also great for me cause there's some kind of portion control. Instead of grabbing two ladles of mac&cheese, you just grab a mini sized pot of it. Very smart, Wicked Spoon. Very smart. My favorite part was their Nutella gelato. If you follow my reviews, y'already know how much I cry for Nutella. So please believe I had two cups of that chocolatey nutty goodness. *drool*It's weirdly decorated. Well it's supposed to look "wicked." They definitely accomplished that. Everything was set off with an orange backdrop of light. Tis a plus in my books seeing how I'm from the bay and my boys, SF GIANTS, just won the WS so bonus mothaeffin points. Ps. I believe you are entitled to a free mimosa. Free drank? Yes, please. TIP: If buffet's aren't really your thing, they do have a to-go option here. I believe it's about $16 and they give you a fatty ass container and a free bottled water, you stuff as much food as you can in the box, and go on your merry way. I haven't done it myself, but my friends have and they seemed quite pleased (and full). I will most definitely come back for lunch or dinner. Can't wait to get fat.
1	I'm not sure why everyone raves about this buffet but it was not good imo.  I came here Thanksgiving weekend and tried mostly everything.  The meat station is a joke and so is the dessert bar.  The chocolate dipped strawberries were not even sweet!  The only good thing from dessert was the grapefruit sorbet.    Food is very underwhelming.  Service is very good.  Our server was attentive and picked up dishes and refilled drinks.
5	I dont usually like buffets, but this is pretty darn good.  Mini dishes served instead of just individual food items.  DEF will be back to Las vegas just for this buffet.
2	Definitely not worth 4-5 stars! The price is expensive at $65 for 2 people for sub par food taste, quality, selection, ambiance, and decor. This place looks like a staff canteen with few decorations and some lighting. Other than that the food were served in an ordinary looking like plastic bowls and tray. I was looking for the sexy-posh-blingy flair that the hotel exude which was definitely missing in Wicked Spoon. We saw food preparers with piled up plastic containers filled with food just right behind the counters refilling the food. This can view can really looked very unappetizing. There is a discreet way to do this I am sure.The cheese selection was nothing extra ordinary unlike the Bacchanals. The salad table was nowhere to be found, the prime rib was tough and chewy, the seafood selection was limited and most of the food available were cheap eats. They had 3-4 pizza selections? Why and for what? I dont have to go to Wicked spoon for pizza. Again cheap eats. And if I can I would give Zero star to the unhappy, mean and unfriendly man serving the ice cream on the desert section. Of all places why in the dessert section. They need to fire that man because he is very miserable.Really, eating here I felt like I was in a different lower quality hotel but paid for the Cosmopolitan rate.
2	I picked 1 buffet for my visit to Las Vegas. I looked through yelp pictures and reviews and chose the wicked spoon for Sunday brunch. I was so disappointed with the food and service.We came early so we would not have to wait. We paid and waited in line then told to wait in a different line, that was for platinum card members. Then another lady came over a told people to wait in the line we were waiting in, so here 30 people stood in front of us, because it was so disorganized.The food was subpar at best.  $65 for 2 was not worth it at all. All you can drink champagne, Bloody Mary, or mimosas. If you can only find your server. I did like the french toast and my husband like the asian spare ribs and duck ravioli. I must say that my biggest disappointment was in the flavorless desserts. When you look at the pictures your mouth waters.  They do look like they would be delicious. I get the small containers of food for portion control, however with the taste of  the food lthat was all the control you need. Not too many second round winners.I tasted enough, but felt sick later. MSG always does that to me. I should have listened to a suggestion to try the Buffet at Caesars instead. Next time I will. Was not worth the price.
3	Well I wish I could give this place a higher rating but unfortunately I can't because for the price, everything they offer just isn't so great.To stay on the positive side, I will call out what we thought really stood out during our visit:Chocolate/Toffee Covered Strawberries - Excellent, I could've overdosed on these!Custom Made Mac N Cheese - Probably the #1 hot dish that they serve here, delicious!Pizza - A very nice variety indeed. They had a French Onion Pizza that rocked!Our Waiter was fantastic and right on the spot!
3	Simple is beautiful (sometimes) and this is where Wicked Spoon gets it wrong. Chocolate covered strawberries mmmm.. but wait.. chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbs?! Mm no thank you. What a disappointment. I came all the way to Wicked Spoon for the unlimited chocolate covered strawberries only to find them covered with all kinds of big sized chunky crumbs. If the crumbs were significantly smaller and crumbier, then maybe it would go better, but they weren't. Chocolate covered strawberries by themselves are amazing, so there really isn't any need to add anything else to them. As for the rest of the buffet, well, Wicked Spoon went simple with the selection, and that is why I added sometimes to my comment above. Simple isn't always best, especially when it comes to the selection of food at a buffet. There were very little choices. They had like one item from each food group, which I guess is fine for those who don't eat much, but um this is a buffet. Wicked Spoon should spend less time sprinkling crumbs onto their strawberries and more time expanding the food offerings.Tips for the lines:     - They have two lines, one to pay and one to be seated. I'd recommend having half your party stand in the pay line and the other half in the seating line. That way when you're done paying you don't have to wait in line all over again.     - You could just stand in the to be seated line and say that you didn't know the two lines were different. We did that the first time we went here and they just let us pay really quickly and seated us. Though, we actually didn't know the lines were different.
2	This place is way over rated, food was average,  most things were not hot.  The made to order mac n cheese was delicous and the chocolate covered strawberries were really tasty as well.
4	Went to the Wicked Spoon for brunch on a Friday at the recommendation of a friend.  The food was amazing.  So much variety and so many options.  Surprisingly, the gelatto is awesome.  We stuffed ourselves silly, had a mimosa that was included, had coffee/tea that was included all for $23.  There was no wait and it was a great deal.  So great that we went back for brunch on Sunday.  The food was all the same and just as good, but there was an hour wait, no alcoholic drinks included, and the price was $34.  Really enjoyed it, but would suggest going during the week when it's a much better deal and not as busy.
4	Wicked Spoon Buffet is by far the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas. For a long time I thought the Wynn  Buffet was the bomb but Wicked Spoon is sooooo much better. We came there right when it opened at 5pm the line wasn't  long. The only thing that was annoying was they charged us gratuity for our party of 10. How are you going to charge gratuity for a buffet???? Its not like the waiters/waitress's served us or anything. Minus one star for that.The food is really good. Everything I tried tasted really good. I had the prime rib, truffle potatoes au gratin, mash potatoes and the crab all are delicious. There is also a section of the buffet with salami and cheese never seen that before, great idea! The desert section is amazing! There was gelato, cakes, cookies everything you can imagine is here.
4	This is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! It is why the line is so long for Wicked Spoon!A lot of the dishes are portioned in a small bowl or plate. I feel really bad for all the dishes that the dishwashers have to deal with everyday! The appetizers and main dishes are really good and there is a wide variety to choose from. So everyone can find a favorite dish here. Another thing I like about Wicked Spoon is the decor of this place. It is romantic with dim lighting. It feels like you are dining in a restaurant rather than at a buffet. The best part about Wicked Spoon is the dessert selection! I made sure I saved enough room in my stomach for it! I love the gelato, raspberry cheesecake, apple cobbler, and the chocolate dipped strawberries. The only thing I did not like were the macarons. But overall I think Wicked Spoon is really good!
5	I came, I saw, I conquered.Dropped in saturday noon and the line moved swiftly. There was an unlimited mimosas, bloody mary, and champagne option for an extra 9 dollars. Like a champion I drank 14 mimosas. That comes out to 64 cents per drink. Job well done if you ask me. Picture included for proof.  The rest of the buffet was excellent. One of the main components of judging a buffet for me is the prime rib and steak cuts and both came out tender and juicy. The presentation of the dishes were superb. Other stand outs were braised beef and the sushi was surprisingly fresh. The desserts as well as gelato were abundant and came in many flavors. I think lunch was a 3 hour experience. All I remember when leaving was everybody had left and they were beginning to vacuum. 14 mimosas will do that to you.
5	Awesome buffet especially when I was hungover. So much variety and everything was cooked, baked, grilled to perfection. A must have dining experience!
5	WHAT? after coming here last year, I didn't write a review then?? Goodness, well I can write about it now since I went again recently this year.By far... the most delicious buffet I've gone to while in Vegas. I was a pretty big fan of the Buffet at the Wynn, but after coming here last year.. everything changed. Apparently the new thing this year is the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace.. however, I still opted to skip it after seeing their selection. I just prefer the food at the Wicked Spoon more.. along with it being cheaper than the Bacchanal.Came here midweek for dinner and though really crowded, the wait to get seated was basically non-existent... perhaps me and my party got there after the mad rush in or something.. dunno. Either way, the selection of food is always good. The gnocchi never ceases to be amazing, and the lamb at the carving station is always delicious.It's always on my list of go-to buffets when I'm in Vegas.. no question.. and without a doubt.. my favorite.
5	W.O.W!I enjoy eating at buffets when I'm in Vegas and have tried a lot of the different buffets that each hotel has to offer. This has got to be one of the best I've tried here!I love everything about this buffet and we only went during lunch time so I can't imagine the selection they have for dinner! I will definitely try dinner next time!This buffet really caters to EVERYONE. I think it has a great mixture of items and dessert is amazing! The Gelato is to die for! Yummm mint chocolate crunch is my ultimate favorite!Service: Our server was nice and friendly although he had so much to do, he took care of us when we needed anything. Food: Amazing! I basically loved everything I took. One of the best was the galbi. It was simply cooked and seasoned perfectly. Also, I loved how most of the items are plated into smaller portions so that you can just pick it up. This also helps control the portions I take, which I love! For $35 (after tax) (Brunch, I don't know the price for dinner maybe the same) but it was well worth its price! I'd recommend this place for buffet lovers in a heart beat.
5	I ventured to Wicked Spoon early Sunday hoping to beat the crowds along with my sister and boyfriend. Mission accomplished! There were only a handful of people ahead of us. I love how everything is plated on small servings so you can try many dishes. The favorite was definitely the short-rib over creamy polenta. I can only assume butter was the main ingredient (no complaints here!)The coffee was served in large mugs which was appreciated since no one really sleeps at night in Vegas. The interior was very pretty and well-lit. For brunch, there were the normal dishes you see like omelettes, french toast, sausages, bacon, potatoes. Everything was made exceptionally well so the "norm" seemed elevated. The things that took it to the next level included Korean BBQ Short Ribs, individual baskets of fried chicken, endless flavors of gelato, and desserts.With buffets, you always fear that the items sit too long under the heat lamp but with this buffet, the turnover is so fast that everything is relatively fresh!Service was great.I would definitely venture back again even if the wait was long!  I love Vegas buffets because of the endless options. I think it's great value for the money if you can find a buffet that delivers. Wicked Spoon definitely delivered!
4	The best thing about Wicked Spoon Buffet is how they put all the food into the sexiest lttle presentation packages to make you think youre not in a buffet!  I love buffets and this one is pretty good.  I would say my fav was the mac n cheese build a bar and the desserts are Fab.
2	There are little flies on the dessert. Pay attention when eating. Food is ok but colder than any other buffet. The small portion concept is good but poorly executed. I still think Wynn or Bellagio are way better.
5	Hands down best buffet in town.
3	Wicked Spoon, you guys need to change it up.  The menu has literally been the same since you guys first opened up and everything was overly salty this past Saturday.We only go here since we never have to wait in line.  I truly feel that Bacchanal is a better buffet. But I will give the edge in desserts to Wicked Spoon. BTW their prices keeps going up while their food standards slowly sinks.
5	Wicked Spoon is different. We visited buffets at Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Wynn and M resort, and found cosmopolitan's wicked spoon to be the most special and enjoyable. The other three buffets are all decent with lots of food selection, but they seem to be quite similar to each other. In Wicked spoon, most dishes are decorated and prepared individually into perfect sized portions, like how food is served in expensive non-buffet restaurants. Food taste is also excellent, must try.
5	Awesome selection of food and desserts! A bit pricey, but the variety and creativity of the dishes made it worthwhile.
4	What a great brunch! The place reminded me of a huge dim sum palace in Chinatown. This massive room held hundreds of people and hundreds of options including but not limited to: omelette station (yum), pancakes, french toast (o yeaaaa), sushi (not the best), assortment of salads, cheeses, etc., gelato, pastries, meats... I think I went back four times. for an extra $7 or so you get bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's (which I highly recommend!). All in all a very fun, filling, extravagant meal!
3	There was a variety of different foods.  My one issue was that the food was not piping hot.  It was luke warm and then it was cold and not appetizing.  The mashed potatoes looked smooth and creamy, but were super salty.  I think they may have been boiled in salt water, then butter and salt added at the end.  I loved the look of the buffet area.  Our server Sally was great and attentive.  There was variety I just was not satisfied.
3	I definitely have mixed feelings about this buffet after coming here for lunch with the lady.WICKED DISLIKES:I found the carving station...seriously LACKING for a carnivore. Marrow...and bacon...and sausages...with a "chef" that tells people to wait all the time to the point that people grab stuff themselves? What a joke. [Look, I'm not complaining that there is no prime rib or slow cooked ribs or a rack of awesome hotness being unavailable...it's pretty sad for a meat carving section when I pass by more than 10 times to find the "chef" cleaning his area like he has OCD because he has nothing to serve]Salad and greens...where are thee? You are missing just like the meat in the meat section! Little-overkill-on-the-dressing-Caesars-salad-in-a-bowl is the only leafy green available?Chinese food...OMFG...you fall under the definition of CRAP. The packaging, which used mini-Chinese-paper-take-out-little-boxes was freaking awesome though.Korean BBQ [their version of galbi]...easily has the highest turnover for any meat at the buffet since I'm sure people are trying to get their meat fix one way or the other and have been clearing this mound of meat within 1 min after the "chef" piles it on...well, tastes NASTY [overmarinated, 50-60% fat...just saying]WICKEDLY AWESOME:Steamed clams. You'll find these beauties in a bowl...lusciously presenting the inner-selves to you with hints of tomatoes and garlic. This became my staple dish during lunch here...and I RAIDED that section (with the assistance of the lady as well)...they put 20 out, we grab 5 bowls...GANGNAM STYLE. It wasn't long before the "chefs" got the hint that their clams were a hit at 2 pm and replenished it repeatedly all the way to closing time.Now here's the thing that prevented me from DINGING the crap out of this place when it's priced on average higher than most other buffets...It seems like Wicked Spoon Buffet forgot to add one word to their name and that is DESSERTS.I don't even eat DESSERTS. I remind most people that I don't care about DESSERTS. But I found myself eating a LOT of DESSERT here.WICKING VERDICT:Definitely not a meat-eaters paradise...as this place was created for you freaking SUGAR ADDICTS.
5	This has been on the Vegas to-eat list for some time now, and believe me, I was glad to finally have checked off. My favorite items were the Korean barbecue, fried chicken, Duck Confit ravioli, and the short ribs. Had to get second helpings of the last 2 because they were just that darn good. Out of the desserts, I liked the panna cotta and the mini ice cream cones filled with chocolate mousse. This is right up there with the buffet from The M. I gotta go back!Helpful hint: If you're a mobile user on Foursquare, follow The Cosmopolitan on their app. And if you unlock the hotel badge when you check in, use it! Why? It gets you entry via their VIP line to the buffet, which means you bypass the regular queue and get to all that pheNOMenal goodness even faster. You're welcome.
3	I'm not a fan of buffet but heard this one was different. And it was. I have to give credit to the concept of serving 'gourmet' dishes. Visually it was impressive but once we started to eat we realize it was okay. I shouldn't be surprised that the crab legs tasted like they were defrosted, Korean ribs were tough and many other dishes over-salted. Dessert also looked so impressive but only the gelato was decent. All that chocolate wasted as it was tasteless.
5	Best buffet ever! I had the most difficult time trying to decide what to get. They have the best variety of everything! Sweets, meats, soups, veggies, and such. I love their decorations and how the food is presented. I know the cosmopolitan is gorgeous but wow they did not hold back at this restaurant. I will definitely be returning!
5	We went to dinner today ($39 per person) and it was wonderful.  This buffet has so many choices that i could not even try everything. What stood out for me:- steak (it was very fresh)- shrimp with cheese- risotto- Mediterranean salad- scalloped potatoesThey have a lot of choices of ice cream, but it tasted average in quality. Pastries were an absolute paradise for someone like me who loves sweets.  I enjoyed as many pastries as i could with a cup of organic black tea. Unfortunately, I could not try them all (oh well next time).Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.We came around 5.30 pm and waited only 20 min. before we were seated.
5	My favorite buffet in the whole wide world is Wicked Spoon!  It feels like endless fine dining!The atmosphere is elegant, classy, upscale, and spacious.  The staff is so polite and friendly.  I love the waiters!  The moment I'm finished with a plate, they swoop over to ask if they can take it away.  It was a very luxurious experience!  Their drinks are no ordinary drinks.  Fresh squeezed juices and high end teas.  I've never experienced this at any other buffet.  The food was very high quality at such a low price!  I ate chilean sea bass and roasted bone marrow the most!  The chefs will adjust and make any of the dishes the way you want it.  Everything was cooked to perfection!  All the food were artfully presented in their own miniature plating.  The dessert bar was so good!  I love gelato, apple pie, and bread pudding.  If you love buffets, you must try this place!  It will change the way you view buffets forever!
5	I have been to this buffet twice, once for their Sunday champagne brunch (inexpensive bottomless mimosas??  Yes!) and once for dinner.  First of all, I am in LOVE with The Cosmo; I went to the grand opening and it has one of my favorite bars (Vesper), not to mention it is gorgeous!  The Wicked Spoon is my current favorite buffet as well-- the food is AMAZING.  It is really hard not to over eat here because it all tastes so good and the layout is nice so that there really are no super crowded areas (at least there weren't any jam-ups while I was there).  Wine is reasonable for the Strip ($20/bottle for the house cab) and I loved all the little mini serving dishes.  The service was standard for a Strip buffet (not the speediest) but our waitress was friendly and it IS a buffet....If you're on the strip and debating whether or not to try out this place, DO IT!  You and your belly will be happy you did!
4	Very good food. Not a lot of variety but still worth it.
3	In general, I do not like eating at buffets but this one was pretty enjoyable.
1	8 adults dined on breakfast Nov. 1st 2012. 8 adults violently vomiting with uncontrollable diarrhea that evening, and spent the 3rd in terrible shape. Cosmo Hotel says sorry not out problem. We were guests at the Cosmo. Ruined our last day at SEMA. Made our drive home a nitemare.  Never again will wicked spoon be a desired Vegas option for any of us.
4	It was our first time at this buffet, and it was superb!  I love the idea of small portion on each take -  shrimp cocktail in a shot glass, risotto in a mini pan, Chinese food in a take-out box... etc.  The beef broccoli was good and fresh.I would recommend this place.  We went there on a Saturday afternoon and waited 45-minutes in line, but it was all worth it.
2	We spent Thanksgiving 2012 lunch here but I was not impressed. Food is mediocre. Entrees were not replenished right away and I had to come back 4 times just to get some Shoyu Ramen. I have tried almost all the buffet in Vegas and I was very disappointed at this place. I would still prefer the M Hotel buffet. For the price ($40) it's not worth it. Their sushi selections are very limited. Entrees are served in small portions.   The only good thing about this place is the dessert table although M still beats them. Spend your 40 bucks elsewhere. I will not come back to this place.
4	Wicked Spoon is wickedly delicious !  Went for weekday lunch so atmosphere was leisurely and service attentive.   What I like about this buffet is that most of the dishes are prepared in small plates which encourages you to not load up on any one thing - which means you can try even more!  For the first round, I had duck confit ravioli, short rib polenta, bone marrow (yum!), Manila clam in tomato / garlic broth, and open pork belly pork bun!  Next was seafood with crispy calamari, shrimp cocktail, prawns forno, lox, and a roasted beet/arugula / goat cheese salad!  Cheese selection was small but good.  Desserts look so pretty - you have to try something !  I saw a lot of freshly prepared dishes constantly being put out (good turnover rate).
3	The best buffet for desserts. Unfortunately, I'm not a big fan of "sweets."Service was good, except for the hostess who acted upset when I asked for a larger table than the tiny table for two. I'm not a fan of the small portion servings, because their containers make it difficult to carry. The food was really good, and a big variety for everyone. Might go back, have to try Caesar's new Bacchanal buffet in December.
4	I really enjoyed how they served the food!  It was in small individual portions and because it stayed on a warm pot, it stayed warm longer.  Great for sharing multiple dishes with friends because it was like dining family style.  Plus my food didn't run into each other because it gets annoying when flavors touch.  They also have the option to have wine tasting which I think is the best idea!  I love wine with my food but I hate that I can't have more then one option at a time.  So I was able to get an ounce of wine at a time which was perfect to pair with my food.  This does involve a little bit of planning ;-) Service was not great.  Our drinks kept getting empty and when she brought me coffee, there was no sugar on my table.
4	We went on a Monday and found out it is actually quite a bit cheaper then going on the weekend so safe some $$ and try to go on a weekday if you can. The waiter will greet you and take your drink order which we got coffee but then you also get one bloody or mimosa with the buffet. We both got bloodys which were just a ok. They have a huge buffet. Everything from make your own omlets, pancakes, carving station, bagel bar and lox, sushi and asian food, wood fired pizzas and beautiful desserts. The one thing that I did not care for was that they put carrots in the sushi. Too big and takes away from all the other good stuff. Staff is really friendly.
3	From the outside the place looks great, but I'm all about the food quality more than the presentation and I've got to say Wicked Spoon still needs some improvement. I tried almost everything they had to offer, and I was glad they at least had crab legs and shrimp,  if I'm going to pay $40 /person I better be eating some seafood. The Korean short ribs were just ok, the quality of the meat was not that great. The fried oysters were cold when I got them, and when I tried a fresh batch they cooked it didn't really have any flavor. The mini sloopy joe burgers were pretty good, but I didn't pay this price to eat burgers. The prime rib I got to say was pretty tender and cooked well, but I'm not a huge fan of prime rib so needless to say I wasn't impressed by that either. Moving on to the desserts..the presentation looked all so lovely, but most of the ones in the little tiny cups weren't that great. The flan was pretty good and not too sweet. They had these tiny orange macarons which were pretty yummy. My favorite dessert was the ice cream, which I believe it was the caramel chocolate one I had. The ice cream was rich and creamy and probably by far the best thing I think I had at the buffet. So I was not impressed by them at all, I essentially paid $40 to eat really really good ice cream, which I could have gotten a whole bucket worth. I still recommend the M Buffet at the M Resort. Their buffet not only includes unlimited Wine and Beer, but their crab legs are Warm!! And all their desserts are yummy, especially the creme brulee.
3	I expected a lot based on the Yelp reviews. I was highly disappointed. The food was good, but nothing exceptional. There are many other buffets in Vegas that are better for the same price. The desserts looked better than they tasted.
4	Quite a spread.  This place has a little of everything.  The real amazing part is that everything is excellent.
4	I came in with no expectation but this place is pretty fancy and the food was great. I went during early dinner time when they had a large selection of little entrees. It seemed to have a high-end feel to it because not only is it a Vegas buffet in the Cosmopolitan, but their food was definitely complex and their desserts were good as well. There was a large selection of desserts from cookies, cakes, to various flavored ice-creams. I would recommend it.
4	Wicked Spoon is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! Aftering having dinner here the first time back in February, I missed it so much I convinced my friends to skip the Bellagio buffet and dine here when we were in Vegas in November. I had some picky eaters with me and they were skeptical because they were die hard Bellagio buffet lovers, but they walked away full and happy. Grant they went to the Bellagio brunch buffet the next morning. The Wicked Spoon serves everything tapas style. I love tapas style food, but the portions are larger than I would prefer and I feel bad letting so much food go to waste. They also do a great job with flavor. I find that buffets often serve food bland or overy salted. The Wicked Spoon has dishes that are full of flavor, fresh, and tasty. I enjoyed almost every dish I grabbed. In my experience, desserts at buffets are sub par, so I typically avoid it, but the Wicked Spoon actually has good desserts, including a gelato station! I'm also impressed that they serve macarons that taste good and aren't overly sweet, unlike others. They also have a variety of food that satisfies a lot of palates. I'm surprised my picky dining guests didn't complain one bit. This will be my go to Las Vegas buffet until I hear of anything better.
4	I think this might be my new favorite buffet in Vegas.It has lots of small servings which makes trying everything easy. Many are quite interesting and excellent. Not too often you see Bone Marrow on a buffet.This place is really above buffet food, it is not huge troughs of  bland food, it is really good quality. The dessert bar is really nice, featuring a full gelato stand and lots of bite size treats.It is quite a walk from the front door, probably about 10 mins hustle from the entrance to the buffet line.I really like the modern interior, very fresh for dated Vegas.
4	I've been to a few buffets in Vegas including the Bellagio Buffet, but this one is unique in that most of the dishes are served in individual portions, not in big chafiing dishes. The portions are the right size for trying many dishes. The dishes are also very aesthetically pleasing.There's a few made-to-order sections, but the seafood station took forever! There many things to try like sushi, seafood, salads, cold dishes, a meat station with bone marrow, a variety of Asian cuisines, and a huge dessert bar with gelato. If you come here, definitely save room for dessert. The small portions for dessert are great too, so you can try plenty of items.Honestly, some of the stations weren't fantastic though. There could have been more seafood and the Asian dishes weren't great. Also, I had heard about the famous mac and cheese bar which I was super jazzed about trying, but it wasn't there! There was just one dish of average mac and cheese. The cold gazapacho soup (think it was like a chili watermelon soup?) was absolutely amazing and very memorable. I would come again, but first I have to try the Wynn buffet which is next in line on a future trip to visit. I'm not convinced it's better than the Bellagio buffet, but it's probably a tie.
2	Looks like I forgot to review the Wicked Spoon after my previous trip to Vegas. I came here 2 years ago when the buffet first opened up, and let me say I hope all the accolades this place has received is a result of genuine improvements because when I was here the food was horrible. I'm not talking about 'not worth paying $$$' horrible, just straight up horrible. The only reason I can give 2 stars is because of the fantastic presentation and decor that everyone has undoubtedly mentioned.
4	Came here on Saturday for lunch, and was impressed.As per "Asian style" in terms of attacking the buffet, we attacked the meat and seafood first.  Not a lot of variety in seafood at the time, just some salmon, shrimp cocktail, clams and sushi, but the meat was delicious.  We had BRAISED SHORT RIBS over POLENTA, PRIME RIB, KOREAN BBQ, BBQ PORK RIBS, and TRI TIP.  The most amazing thing was the pile of BONE MARROW they had...rich and delicious. All of these were delicious...a lil bit on the salty side, but hey, taste is what matters, right?(THERE ARE REVIEWS THAT SAY THERE ARE NO PRIME RIB...THAT IS NOT TRUE!  We had a lot of prime rib...but the piece I got was definitely more Raw than Rare)This place doesn't have as much variety as the other places, but the quality of their food was great.  The dessert selection was awesome as well with their PUMPKIN CHEESECAKE, SWEET POTATO FLAN, and GELATO.Overall, the presentation of the food was all aesthetically pleasing....they're big on serving food in individual containers, which makes it fun to eat, but also means you can grab less per trip!
5	Been to almost all the buffets in Vegas.  This one is the best.  quality quality quality.  They have everything that most great buffets do.  However, the quality was a step above.  They have great chefs working in the back and the food shows.  The attention to detail, the seasoning, the searing, the temperature...all on point.
2	I THREW UP AFTER MY MEAL! =[ Ok so I am guessing because it is one of the newer hotels on the strip that everyone rates it high. It appeals because instead of having the massive load of food on a plate, they provide square dishes and the dishes can only fit a few items so you get full faster.I heard the main appeal was the bone marrow, which was good, but it needed some more salt.  I tried the other various selections such as the crab legs, truffle potatoes.. whateverEverything was pretty bland. Stopped with the food and moved onto dessert. The change from bland food to super rich desserts did not go well. I would say the best thing here would be the desserts. Overall. price versus quality of food was not worth it. I actually left not full but when i got outside just threw it all up but didnt want to eat it anymore anyways. Eh. I don't think i would come back. It's all hype and new so everyone wants to jump on.
5	I was under an impression that Wynn Buffet is the best buffet in Vegas strip but after visiting Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, I have my doubts... Price: Price is comparable. I think Wicked Spoon is little more expensive by maybe 4 dollars or so. I paid $42 including tip. Interior: Wicked Spoon wins hands down. Its interior goes hand to hand with the Cosmo interior and I really liked it. Wynn Buffet's interior is nice too but to me, it doesn't appeal much. Food selection: Here is where things get interesting. I'm not sure if Wicked Spoon has less selection but I think the kitchen area is smaller. Wynn Buffet has more "stations" to go to and pick different kinds of food. In terms of selection, Wynn Buffet wins by hair. It didn't help that my friend and I went to the buffet an hour before the last serving time, which was 9:15pm. Taste / quality: I think this is where Wicked Spoon gets my vote over Wynn Buffet. The presentation and the taste of the food served at Wicked Spoon were amazing. Portions were smaller for some dishes and I actually like it that way since it helped me to control the amount of food I ate. The dishes at Wicked Spoon were more exotic and unique than the dishes at Wynn Buffet. Service: I think service were equally good at Wynn Buffet and Wicked Spoon.. However, the service I got from Wicked Spoon were extremely good. Dishes were taken away really quickly and drinks were served almost right away. They asked if we needed anything few times and were very cordial. Thanks Cosmo and Wicked Spoon for a great dining experience!
5	Good quality food. Good choices in food type. Server didn't come back for a while for refill, but never had a plate still on my table when I came back with more food.
3	Went here with my family for Thanksgiving, and through some ingenuity avoided a terrible 2-hour wait time. Considering it's part of a pretty ritzy hotel, the markup is understandably steep per head. As other reviewers have mentioned, the selection isn't grand--and usually a smaller menu comes with better tasting items. In Wicked Spoon's case, however, that sentiment holds only partially true. My personal favorite spot of the buffet was the macaroni stand. If you've ever eaten at a University lunch or dinner room, it's basically one of those tell-a-guy-to-make-awesome-things stations, albeit with better quality ingredients (I particularly appreciate the inclusion of feta and steak), but it's really nothing extraordinary. The cooks are awesome though, they strike up conversation easily. If you manage to get on their good sides, they pile stuff on for you. The seafood was surprisingly dull, but it was nice that all the typical elderly folk that camp the crab legs weren't around the few times I've been here. Maybe that's because they know there are better places? Who knows.Hot items were also a plus; the prime rib was nicely seasoned and none too tough, and pretty much everything that had to do with steak was delicious. I think the real winner for WS, in my opinion, was the infinite gelato. Nutella, thai iced tea, raspberry, stracciatella (basically vanilla and chocolate) -- totally worth the short lines to get 'em. The other desserts were pretty much "meh."Service, despite being a crazy packed Thanksgiving day, was very attentive and friendly--we even had a no-show to our dinner; but the waiters gladly refunded that charge without any hassle.All in all, a good place, but for the price-to-taste ratio, I'd make the trip out to the M for the Studio B buffet over this any day.
4	In the world of over-saturated Las Vegas buffets with various tricks, this one stands a league apart - the food is gourmand worthy and truly in a class of its own. Great selection of rich, hearty small plates allows you to craft your 10-course prix fixe style meal to your liking. I found the selection generally above grade and gourmet. There were a few things that fell way short - particularly anything from the Asian section, which is an embarrassment. But the wide variety of thoughtfully crafted speciality courses makes this a must-see dining venue in Las Vegas. It's unrivalled in its selection and variety.
4	Okay... so there are about 1,900+ reviews that have been written before me so no, I don't expect to be original or anything. I'm seriously just writing this for myself so I know what to expect/anticipate the next time I come around. And believe me there will be another visit to Wicked Spoon when I'm in Vegas. :P  But feel free to read it anyways! I came here around 1:00PM on a Saturday with a group of 6 people because we were all starving. And who doesn't go to a buffet at least once when you're in Vegas? Originally, we were supposed to have 10 people and thus when we got in line and was asked the number of people in our party, we told the staff 10. We ended up skipping the long line, paid extra 15% for gratuity(applicable to groups of 8 or more), and was seated fairly quickly to our surprise. YAY! Let's get eating shall we? Disclaimer: My inner child is indeed a fatty but I by no means tried everything that was out there. These are just a few I jotted down during my eating, sitting, piling-my-plate routine: MATSUTAKE SHOYU RAMEN: ew. don't get it. :( It was bland... I liked the earthiness that came from the mushrooms but aside from that, it was a waste of tummy space. WATER SPINACH WITH GARLIC: Nom! Can't go wrong with vegetables and galric tehe :3STEAMED CLAM WITH WHITE WINE, TOMATOES, GARLIC, AND PARSLEY: It was pretty good. simple, clean, deilsh. Plus it was fun forking out the meaty bits from the clams. DUCK CONFIT RAVIOLI: pretty good. The flavor was rich, though by the time I got to my ravioli, it was a bit cold :( I think the sauce was made of brown butter and butternut squash, which complimented the ravioli well. Again, try to get this when it just comes out because dry cold pasta is unappetizing. BRAISED SHORT RIB WITH COMMUNITY GRAIN POLENTA: Not my favorite. It had a savory taste to it, but the polenta was a bit too grainy for me. ASIAGO GNOCCHI: Love. Love love love! Every piece of gnocchi yielded this cheesy goodness that I couldn't get enough of. I had to pace myself to prevent from gobbling them down in order to really appreciate the taste. BROCCOLINI RABE: can't go wrong with broccolini either! KALE SALAD: probably one of my favorite vegetable based sides. It was seasoned well and I loved how fresh it tasted. CURRY ROASTED CAULIFLOWER: meh... a bit too soggy for me. SALMON PLATE: don't get it. I love salmon and this was just a dishonor to all the fishies in the sea. ROASTED SWEET POTATOES: love! simple and sweet! LEG OF LAMB: It tasted good for something found at a buffet. Cooked with just the perfect amount of redness too. The only thing was that it quickly got tough and dry as time passed... I like to be able to enjoy my food slowly but I couldn't really eat it because my knife wouldn't cut through :( Desserts: GET THE GELATO! It's soooo worth it! Other desserts weren't as great sadly, but feel free to taste a bit of everything!Overall impression: pretty yummy. Beautiful presentation of the food. Though the price tag of ~40.00 was a bit excessive, it was worth the experience and the overall quality of the food.I was in love with the fact that most of the food was portioned out in small individual dishes already so you can easily get a little taste of everything :) I wasn't too happy with the fact that I waited a good amount of time before my cranberry juice came out, but that's minor. Be sure to anticipate a wicked food coma by the end of the mea and happy noming :D
2	This was a bit overkill for me. I went with a bunch of pharmacy friends because they suggested this for a night out. I had been to other buffets in Vegas and I heard this was one of the best.I wasn't overly impressed.It was insanely expensive. I was expecting around $25 per person. My husband and I paid $90 to get in in the evening.The food, while the ingredients were unique like wild boar sloppy joes and truffle potatoes, I didn't find that they tasted any better than other buffets I was at. It's like they traded weird ingredients for taste.Maybe this place was just too fancy for me. I wasn't impressed.
4	The food was amazing and lived up to my expectations. I loved how cute all the food was presented. I avoided most of the Asian food based on the previous reviews. I did try the ramen and the soup was super bland. The kalbi was good, but it was a tad bit cold since it seemed to have been sitting out for awhile. I had four different buffets when I was out in Vegas and this one was definitely my favorite. I would give it five stars if the service was better. Don't get me wrong, the service was good when we got there around 5:30PM on a Monday night, but our drink refills started slowing down significantly as more people trickled in during the dinner rush.
5	Beyond the corrdors of the Cosmopolitan lies an amazing, amazing place.  Wicked Spoon Buffet.  I spent over 2 hours here indulging in food heaven.  I tried nearly every dish and I can truly say experienced a one-of-a-kind Vegas Buffet.I arrived at 10:30 and did the Breakfast Brunch buffet.  I ordered the $9 Bottomless Mimosas/Bloody Marys/Champagne and got MORE than the worth out of it.  (6 drinks for $9?  I think that's a yes.)  Let me just preface that the description of the meal that follows was available for a mere $26.  (including tax.)In reading reviews, it seemed that a common theme was a lack of service, but let me tell you... my server took EXCELLENT care of me.  I can't remember her name, but she was super attentive.  Always ready to clear plates, had the mimosas and champagne flowing.  (Sometimes we didn't even have to ask for another one!) and was friendly, professional, and just a great all-around server.  (I'm in the industry, so I'm a harsh critic when it comes to service..)  Service gets a 5/5 for SURE!The atmosphere was great too!  It's a huge restaurant, but the warm glow from the funky chandeliers and the walls make it cozy.  Though it wasn't super busy, there was a great buzz from the other guests, too!  Atmosphere: definitely 5/5. And then there';s the food.  First off, there's like 8 stations? (Maybe 7, maybe 9..? Not sure.  All I know is there is a TON of food to choose from.  And I tried my damndest to try it all!)Dish highlights:  Short Rib & Mashed Potatoes, Panzanella Salad, Duck Confit Ravioli, Angry Mac & Cheese,  Fresh House-Made Italian SausageGreat, but wouldn't go back for seconds: Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict, Steamed Clams.  It seemed both of these dishes sat under the heat lamps for too long and became overcooked.  The poached egg for the benedict was completely cooked through and the steamed clams were pretty tough.The desserts were all great -- but at that point, I was so full I could hardly taste anymore....Honestly, I tried so many of the items and they all were great!  But the highlights are definitely MUST-TRY dishes.  Overall food? 5/5.If you didn't catch my drift, this place is AWESOME!
4	I have been here 2x now.  First time was Brunch.  Second time Dinner.Both experiences have been very good.  Excellent service.  AYCE brunch deal.  Buffet overload of many food selections.I love this place because it's tapa style so you can try a bit of everything without wasting food that you couldn't finished!  I love the presentation of the food too.  It's beautifully-styled and arranged.  They got a bit of everything, however, I must say, the Asian food section was OK.  Not a lot of sushi selection and asian food.My favorites:*Angry mac n cheese*Cheese platters*Roasted chicken*Dessert sections!Don't forget the dessert section.  I felt like I was in a desert heaven! Bite-sized  ice cream, gelatos, chocolates, strawberry dipped in chocolates, small bakery desserts...yum o yum o...that section was my weakness.  I must have had sugar overload and went straight into food coma afterwards...but, totally worth my $ and pallet.Enjoy!  =)
4	The food was cool.
3	I'm not sure what the hype is about...they won best buffet a year or so ago, and USA Today in Sept 2012 rated them #5 on best buffets in Vegas.  We went on a Thursday...and we came right when they opened and were all set up for service.  No excuse right?  The food HAD to be done well.  Oh it was done well alright...3 hours ago.  On the plus side:- Warm molten lava cakes- Great gelato selection (and some creative choices as well like Thai Tea gelato)- Foie gras chestnut macaroons- Mac and cheese bar (made by a super nice guy who actually seasons food - huge plus)- Creative salad and cold station- Dessert station was solid and one of the better ones I've had- Food presentation was pretty niceNot a plus:- Very weak seafood selection for a top-end Vegas buffet- The carved meats were all dry (they needed some love)- The meatloaf tasted like a homemade meatball that I stuck in to a microwave for 8 minutes to dehydrate.  - Food sat under the light way too long, and if I'm the third table to be sat at the opening of dinner service, that's saying something.- Pig ear salad...total fail (you can't even crisp up the pig ears to add texture?)Yea I get it...it's a buffet, but for $40+, I've had better.
5	The food was unique (boar meat sliders, Bone marrow, Crab legs, Octopus) and included Asian (Japanese, Chinese, Korean), French, Italian, Southern and New American (including Prime Rib). The salad and dessert bars were excellent - especially the gelato. The food was tasty, non-greasy, freshly made, and in small tapas-sized portions (so you could taste most things without pigging out - although that said, it is AYCE). The service was right there to replace empty plates before returning to your seat, and the free non-alcoholic drinks were promptly refilled. The best buffet I every ate at in LV. $40 for dinner midweek.
5	Visited here friday for lunch around 12:45. No line, but lots of customer's inside. There was a total of 4 of us. Lunch is $24 plus tax we didnt upgrade to the unlimited mimosa's.  Love the decor of this buffet. Lot's of food to chose from; didn't try everything but heres what i remembered...i was happy with the flavor of practically everything...korean ribs, bbq ribs, lots of grilled veggies, fried chicken, grilled chicken, prime rib, slabs of bacon, bone marrow, pizza, garlic breads, calamari, raviolli,  lots of lamb entree's, cereals, pastries, fruit, a few salads, sushi, omelette station, tons of desserts we were in heaven.  We will def go back.
5	I'm doubling down on this hands down!! One of THE best buffets I've been to thus far in life. I'm not one for buffets either so this actually coming out of my fingertips is definitely something to pay attention to!Real.Talk.There is food of all kinds, textures, colors...it's blatantly amazing.  There's a breakfast/omelette station, carving station, sushi station, etcetera etcetera...Plus a full blown dessert galore station including Gelato...Oh Man!  I had to pace myself and count out my bites just so I didn't get too full too fast.  I wanted to try everything!  We topped off our brunch with some bottomless mimosas - like the food, the servers kept them mimosas comin'!  Good job!The restaurant is fabulously decorated, spacious and clean.  There was adequate seating and space for large parties.  Be sure to make this a restaurant to experience before leaving Las Vegas.  You will regret not going here, and I'm so not even playing...
4	Food was excellent!Sunday morning brunch with bottomless champagne was great!!  Lots of great food so many options highly recommend this buffet while you are in Vegas!
4	My first buffet experience in LV, pretty happy with it! Dinner on weekends comes out to be $42 after tax, so it's not a cheap dinner, but it seems like most of the other buffets (eg Wynn) fall in the same price point.The food ranged from OK - really tasty. A lot of the dishes use interesting/fancy ingredients, probably to make the buffet experience more worth it. I tried a handful of things I've never had before (calve's liver, wild boar sloppy joe, fois gras macaron??) which made dinner pretty fun. Most of the dishes are displayed in small portions for you to grab and go, which I found super convenient, especially for a buffet style restaurant. My method was to go through and grab one thing of everything I was interested in before I started eating, so I could gauge better what was worth a second go - super smart on me.I think they probably have a rotating menu, but quality is probably the same throughout the year, I'd rate it a 3.8/5. The prime rib (usually a big thing at these Vegas buffets I know) was just ok.Definitely worth trying! I heard that dinner on a weekday is only ~$30.
5	This is now officially a must everytime we are in Vegas.  Our second visit was just as wonderful as the first.  There was some new items to choose from.  We tried pig tail.  Pig tail!  My boyfriend commented to the server on how good it was and asked what it was.  He's so silly.  Surprise! It was actual pig tail.  There are so many options to chose from.  The salmon was cooked spot on. Some of the best I've had.  One could actually eat a decent healthy meal here if the wanted.  But what kind of crazy person would go to a buffet and do that??! The gelato bar is out of this world.  My only complaint is that I eat too much here.  There is so much good stuff that I can't help myself.  I'm a skinny girl but I eat like a fatty when I come here. Not the best place to come right before going out.  I always end up in a food coma not wanting to move. The food is very high qaulity.  It doesn't look or feel like a buffet at all.  It's like eating at a fancy restraunt but you get to eat till you're stuffed and the price for two people is under $100.
5	We did the lunch buffet for $32 and it was splendid. Oh, we threw in $9 for the free flow mimosas too. Hell Yeah! The spread was awesome. Worthy of mention - the duck confit ravioli, the braised short ribs, the prime rib, bone marrow (ooo la la  - this is the in-food now , hello cholesterol), bowl of clams. The gelato bar was amazing and I had my favorite nutella. I love how they give you servings in their lil pots. Oooo I would so come back again. I heard the dinner spread has more fresh seafood so maybe next time.
4	Food is delicious, price is decent, and service is surprisingly quite good for a buffet. Be sure to come early on weekends if you want to go for dinner! Lines get super long and move slow. :/ One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. The Cosmopolitan has yet to fail me :D
4	Great concept! I loved the individual portions just for the novelty of it. It might be useful to go with a buddy and pick out things to share.Highlights included the pesto mashed potatoes, prime rib, fried chicken, mushroom risotto, and truffled scalloped potatoes.Lowlights: ramen (too salty), sushi (I didn't try any, but apparently it was the worst sushi ever), and some of the desserts were disappointing (rock hard red velvet cookies).Cool idea with the mac and cheese bar, but one bowl can be shared with the table, as it's very rich and creamy, and the portions are pretty big. And you wanna save room for those king crab legs, right?Maybe this place doesn't have the variety like other buffets, but they offer items that are different or use different ingredients, which makes it more interesting.
4	So we ate here the last night of a 4 night min-vacation. We went to a late night Korean BBQ buffet (Sura) the first night (not so good despite good Yelp reviews).  We did the Buffet of Buffets the next 2 nights (Bacchanal the first night and Spice Market the next).  Tonight we wanted to try Wicked Spoon mainly due to the good reviews on Yelp. The price is perhaps a tad high ($40 pp).  We had the kalbi beef (very good), Asian BBQ ribs (very good), beef ribs (very good), prime rib (good), scalloped potatoes (very good), mac n cheese bar (very good but too big a serving), crab legs (not so good as they were too small), duck confit ravioli (very good), fried calamari/oysters (too much breading), shrimp cocktail (pretty good), and short ribs on polenta (pretty good).  The desserts overall were very good.  The ambience is pretty upscale for a buffet.  Its hard to compare this buffet with Bacchanal as they were different kinds of buffets. Overall however I liked Bacchanal buffet better.
5	This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!  I went here for dinner on a Saturday night at around 7pm, and there was a really short line (this is probably not common though).  I love how they displayed each dish.  Everything is pre-portioned and served in individual little containers, making it super easy to try multiple things without getting too much of one thing.  The portions were perfect for me!  And you could tell so much care and time was put into the presentation of each dish.  I pretty much loved everything I tasted.  They even have a mac n cheese bar!  Unfortunately I wasn't able to try it, since I wanted to try everything else and mac n cheese is just too heavy for me at a buffet.  One of my favorite parts was their gelato bar...so many flavors to try!
5	Yes, Please! $40 for an endless gourmet buffet- how could you go wrong??I usually stay at the Cosmo, so going to Wicked Spoon is just a few floors downstairs! All the food is either placed in its own dish for you, or a food service person will place it on your plate. - So there is no need for anyone else's hands to touch your food like other yucky buffets. There is Everything from veggies, salad, fruit, grade A meat, to dessert and charcuterie.  Drinks are extra, but it's fun to stay longer with friends to digest your 'first meal' then get seconds!I love everything Cosmopolitan :)
2	Sorry no 4 or 5 stars from me on this one.  I took my neice here for her 25th bday because of the great reviews and how popular this place was.  It was a Monday night and we got here a little after 7 pm and after walking the wrong too far in the wrong direction because of bad signage on the first floor, we found the buffet and not a single person was in line. (This should've been our sign right there to turn around and leave)  So we pay and get sat and I treat her to a bottle of wine for $20 Now I want to stop here for a 2nd and mention on it's own, this place gets a 2, if compared to the new Bacchanal buffet at Ceasars, this place gets a 1. I definitely give credit to Caesars for trying to be better then this place.  So after we were sat, and started upto the buffet, there was basically no line anywhere, the place was fairly quiet and empty. I know it's a Monday but still, I've seen all sorts of buffets packed on a Monday at 7 pm   So we start in the asian section, Ummm where's the asian section?  It was SOOOO basic and minimal it was a freakin joke.  Caesars had a much bigger variety and more specialty items. I've seen cheap small buffets have more of an asian section. The sushi selection here was literally a joke and was NOT worth the almost $40 per person I just paid.  As we walked along, we had to keep coming back to the table because after you pick up 2 or 3 items, you barely have any food but you have all these damm freakin little pots and baskets and stuff.  Ok I get it, it's cute and it's looks good for individual portions but ultimately the idea SUCKS. Almost everything we tried back at our table was not hot and was barely room temperature.  I will say the risotto was excellent and other then that 1 item, NOTHING made us go oooh and ahhh  or omg I have got to get another one of these.  The 1st basket of calamari was good but not great and we decided to go back later for a 2nd basket, it was SO salty we had to spit it out.   The seafood section was worthless. They didn't even have oysters of ANY type (fried or on the halfshell)  Yet even cheap basic buffets throughout the city have oysters on the half shell?  Why does the $40 buffet not have them??? Hmmmmm Oh and after our very attentive waiter brought us our wine, we was hardly ever around and hard to find to pay the check. We almost walked out on him.So we move onto the dessert section and between the 2 of us we basically get 1 of everything, We did not finish a single piece of ANY dessert. It was so blah and basic and not one piece of chocolate went OHHHHHH YUMMMMM .  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We left full but not satisfied.  Quite frankly I will NOT be recommending this place and I have no desire to come back.  Just for the record, even though the Bacchanal buffet at caesars wasn't great, it was definitely VERY good and FAR better then this buffet.  I was quite disappointed because this was not what I was expecting.
5	I am not usually a fan of buffets but before heading to Las Vegas I took some timeto read about several places that were of note, especially within my hotel.Wicked Spoon was apparently one of them.Not your traditional buffet, the portions were individual and of fantastic quality. No spooning your eggs out of a mass vat here or harsh heat lamps. For example; look at the above mini eggs benny!? Each table was given a large glass bottle of Aquahealth water and of course unlimited coffee, juices etc and if you paid a bit extra, unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's or champs!I am a sucker for miniature versions of things..the takeout boxes they put the asian cuisine in were no exception. Also offered: korean bbq, miniature fried chicken drumsticks that come in your own little fryer basket, prosciutto pizza, duck confit ravioli with sage (sweet and savory perfection) beet and arugula salad and so much more.I loved that even though it was morning there were excellent lunch optionswhich I sampled without holding back (it was for research!)Other dishes of note: the chicken apple sausage was heavenly, mini croissants, hash, fruit/cheese bar, sausage station in general, asian fusion area and a carving station.I had read that Wicked Spoon previously did not have labels on everything toencourage conversation about the food. That has since changed which madethings pretty convenient.The service was impeccable - I would return indefinitely and recommendit highly if and when you return to Vegas next!
5	Yeah, this is pretty much the best buffet in Vegas. They have unique and original dishes that straight up rival anything you are going to find at any sit down restaurant.   And it's not just typical buffet food which is totally refreshing. When my wife said "take me to this buffet that will cost $60 a pop" I thought " Baby you are completely insane". Then I went. Now I feel stupid, because it is worth every penny      Also the service was stunning for a buffet. Most buffets have the obligatory former bartender or cocktail server reaching their twilight years, but the service was effective and personal. I don't normal tip the typical 15%-20% for buffet service because my rational is that their role in the experience is limited. I think I tipped that guy like 25% of the total check. That how great the service is. Go here if you can. End of story.
3	Beautiful! Not the usual buffet. Great cheese plates and cold cuts but the hot food wasn't special. Tasty, but don't build it up in your head.
4	For those who wants to see how this Wicked Spoon buffet looks like, I have recorded a full slow and steady tour of this entire place in HD.   if you guys want to see what they serve for brunch before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the Wicked Spoon buffet in HD:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysAJZybad6AThe only sucky thing about this buffet is that lunch does not go into dinner time. By that I mean, I would pay for a brunch price and get to eat dinner food once it struck 3 or 3:30 pm.This was my first time entering the Cosmopolitan, I always thought this was part of the Aria complex, but it looks like it's not. The buffet is located all the way in back of the resort, which require an extra long walk.I ate here for brunch on a Thursday afternoon for around 25 bucks with tax and tips. Now I know why it's called Wicked Spoon because most of the food items are served in a  big metal spoon-like pot dish. Love their dish presentation! I like how they would  put chinese rice in a cute to-go container.Dessert looks yummy and expensive. But it looks like there are less desserts for brunch than for dinner.Server was quick in clearing your plates and refilling your drink.
5	Okay...when in Vegas it seems customary to splurge your way into the many buffets on the strip. Sure, you may opt for the $18.99 buffet with the prime rib (or so we hope it is) OR you can indulge in something more Wickedly amazing! Wicked Spoon Buffet is sure to fulfill your appetite. Say no to cafeteria styled buffet catering and say HELLO to a luxury all you can eat paradise.Set in the super chic Cosmopolitan hotel surrounded by Modern decor, each food serving is served in individual mini platters with an abundance of food from every ethnic background you can think of. Fresh Italian cured meats?...oh yeah...Fresh seafood with all the chilled shrimp and crab legs you can eat?...oh yes...and a fully stalked ice cream bar?...hell yeah! Into fine wines? No fear...they have a wine dispenser for a little extra fee.This is fine buffet dining at it's best (as if there were such a thing...right?) It's definitely worth the price. Splurge and indulge...it's Vegas after all!
5	I've been to many buffets, but this is absolutely the best buffet.  Even for the people who do not like buffets, this place would rank high up there as a regular restaurant.  The food is fresh and delicious.  It is presented well on display.This beats out Bellagio and The Wynn, in taste and price.  They charge kids, kid's price, not adult price like Bellagio.  Great price, great taste, great presentation,  Highly recommended!
1	i don't care what it was before.  as of the date this review is written, a total disappointment.  it should be a $20 buffet, not a $39 one.  considered yourself warned.  very few choices and the food don't taste good.  after one or two plates, you'll be out of choices.  take your money to somewhere else.
3	I came here for dinner with a huge group of people (20+) and we ended up spending $50/person including Tax and gratuity. There were a lot of options and the food was gourmet but I definitely didn't eat $50 worth of food. I especially didn't like the crab legs were cut in half down the length of the legs. I also didn't like that most of their gourmet items were in their own little dishes and pots - look up way too much space on my plate and I had to get up multiple times to get the rest of the buffet. Because of all these obstacles that were in place, you got full quickly and couldn't eat your money's worth. I also didn't like that they left bottles of wine at our table, making us believe they were free, when they were only advertising the wine for us to purchase. On a positive note, the desert bar was amazing! They had a gelato station and the Thai Tea flavor tasted EXACTLY like the actual tea itself. It was awesome. There were a lot of delicate mini chocolate deserts. DELICIOUS! I had to make several trips to the desert bar because it was so good.
4	3.5starsAmbiance: keeps in theme with the Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel, very modern decor with feminine touches. Price: About $40/person (cheaper if you're a rewards member)Food: For a different and unique Vegas buffet, I'd highly recommend Wicked Spoon. They offer tapas style American comfort food using novel ingredients (i.e. cow liver shepherds pie). I'm torn on their dishes' lack of freshness as you can tell they've been sitting on the counter for a length of time, but you expect this for a buffet. However, they do have some great made to order stations (i.e. mac 'n cheese bar) and the novelty of the offerings (you can get bone marrow and ramen in the same meal?) makes me want to overlook this flaw. Overall, definitely worth a trip if you're looking for something different from the other Vegas buffets! Service: Great! no hunting down servers for extra drinks/napkins etc.
4	Delicious and unique. Who knew a buffet can be that nice? I was very impressed by the selection. I really liked the macaroni bar. The downside of the night :(Sunday night)They didn't have anymore bone marrow and the risotto was undercooked. Nothing worse than getting a spoonful of creamy uncooked rice! Also the service was really slow. I had to keep clearing our plates for us because they never came to clear our plates the entire time we ate. And I'm still giving it 4 stars because their buffet is really impressive. The selection, ambiance, and food was good enough that I can still forgive them for slow service and uncooked rice!
2	My family was really excited about the Wicked Spoon, they said that their past experience there was amazing. The novelty of a buffet is always a must at Las Vegas, so we went. The line was rather short, so we were seated quickly, which was nice, since we were a party of 11. After being sat down, we were greeted prominently by a server who filled our drink orders. The buffet however, was very lack luster. There was variety, but the variety wasn't all that good. The chicken wings were decent, and the angry mac and cheese was watery and cold. All the food was luke warm or cold, it's a buffet, what do you expect? I expect that the flavors would at least make up for it. The worst part of this visit was the desserts. They were absolutely disgusting. The cakes all tasted like pure sugar with a whipped water and sugar frosting or something, it was so gross. No one ate their desserts after trying them, although the chocolate dipped strawberries were really good. The highlight was the gelato bar though, that was nice.Would I go again? No.Would I recommend this place to anyone? No. Worth it? I would have rather had a hot meal at Del Taco. Sorry Wicked Spoon, but this was a gross buffet experience. Never again.
3	Food is ok. Some hits and some misses. Service was mediocre. Not real busy on Saturday night and lots of servers standing around.
5	Excellent buffet! Everything was fresh, hot, and portion sized! Get the salads and Korean galbi!I also enjoyed their huge slices of heirloom tomatoes, salt&pepper calamari, green beans, king crab, and huge selection of desserts!
4	Solid 4 stars maybe 4.5.  It was like tapas style which was fun. The gelato was amazing the thai tea is a must try.
4	This breakfast/brunch buffet was delicious.  Very high end gourmet dishes, nice variety, clean and upscale ambiance and great desserts.I really liked this buffet and thought even better than the Bellagio buffet.
5	My family and I have been to this Cosmopolitan buffet twice -- once for the breakfast/brunch buffet a couple years ago and once for dinner this year. Both times: amazing! The first time, we squeezed it in after being disappointed with the Aria buffet and after my friend suggested Wicked Spoon. It is probably the best breakfast/buffet buffet I've been to, ever. The concept of having the buffet food on its own, separate plates turned out to be pleasing and to me, easy enough to adjust to -- you just have to balance your tiny plates neatly on the big plate. Haha.I remember a lot more of the dinner buffet because it was just two days ago. The prime rib was some of the best I've had...I think my eyes must have popped after I took the first bite. Haha. I did not expect the slice to be that tender and tasty -- and that was for a medium/well-done slice. The first slice I got was rare (I forgot to specify, and I'm not a fan of extensive blood on my plate so I didn't eat it.) The duck ravioli was also tasty. Five creamy pieces to a cup. You can also make your own pasta (a macaroni bar). The table next to us enjoyed boxes of take-out steamed rice and Korean ribs. The mushroom risotto, although I was expecting to see chunks of mushroom (which I didn't), was flavorful as well.The seafood here was good, but my family and I remember the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace a lot more. There might have been more seafood options there as well, but I'm not certain about that. The grilled salmon here was perfectly cooked -- slightly crispy and flaky. My mom loved the crispy shrimp. She thought they were even better than the ones at the Chinese restaurants we go to. Finally: gorgeous, delicate desserts. A wide variety of gelato, which my sister loved. Chocolate dipped strawberries, various puddings and cake slices. I particularly enjoyed the coffee cake/tiramisu -- so rich! I'm glad that they have bottles of water on each table so that you don't even have to ask for water. It becomes a great convenience over the course of the meal. My waiter unfortunately was on and off, but service overall was friendly.Also, very nice restrooms too for after you digest. We didn't have to wait at all, and the lady said there is usually no wait unless it is a holiday and that the brunch/breakfast wait is typically longer. Definitely going back next time!
2	Sunday brunch sucks... No macaroon, lousy dishes, and weird tastes shrimp. Worst lunch buffet ever.
1	WHOA! $37 on weekday dinnernot tasty at all... cold fried chicken, horrible asian food, not much variety, small crab legs, bone marrow is not fresh and needs more seasoningyum - prime rib, dessert section
1	I really can't believe how badly off the mark the Yelp reviews are for this place. After waiting 2 hours (!), we were seated in a less than full dining room, where it took another 20 minutes to get one of the all-you-can-drink Bloody Marys that came as part of our buffet. The food? Don't remind me. The pastas were gummy, the meats were gristly, and what minor amounts of seafoods were out were overcooked and tasted off. We started in line at 11, thinking that was plenty of time for brunch, but got in close to 2, which meant nothing was fresh and the dinner foods hadn't been put out. Bottom line:  I would have had more luck putting a 100 bucks into the slots, and I'd feel a whole lot less screwed over.
3	Whoo-hoo! My very 1st Vegas buffet!Wicked Spoon is located inside the Cosmopolitan. Fortunately, there was no waiting line Friday before the Christmas. The price was $42 for holiday dinner. Once I walked into the buffet, I was simply overwhelmed by the elegant dining atmosphere. However, I wasn't particular pleased with the service I got. Not only did I not receive a bottle of water when I sat down, our waiter was slow and non-responsive when I tried to request for more water.  What a food selection! Pork ribs, kalbi beef ribs, miso soup, bone marrows, prime ribs, risottos, etc. Nevertheless, I was disappointed on how SALTY some of these food were (especially Asian food). For instance, miso soup tasted like salt water. On the brighter side, salmon was very good and gelato and kalamansi coconut panna cotta were not too shabby! Gelato was creamy and kalamansi coconut panna cotta wasn't too sweet.  Overall - 5 stars for dining environment and food selection, 4 stars for desserts, and 2 stars for service and salty food.
4	I generally avoid buffets, and I find I can generally do better on all dimensions ordering from a menu.  Circumstances dictated, so I gave the Wicked Spoon a try for breakfast.  The food here, at least at breakfast, was really good, and the price was quite reasonable given the location and the quality of the food.  I can't rave about a particular dish, but I enjoyed everything I put on my plate. The service and atmosphere were also on the money.  If you are staying at The Cosmo, I think this place is worth a try.
3	After waiting 2+ hours today for brunch for $37 this is the verdict...To be honest, I was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong, the decor and the atmosphere of the seated area was lovely. It was just so pretty and nicely lit that sometimes you get fooled by how good your overall experience was just because the atmosphere was amazing... but decor aside.... the food was not up to par.Lets begin...Of course i was starving after waiting 2.5 hours.. who wouldn't be?I was expecting the selection to be much bigger and grander. The dishes were nothing spectacular.. a couple of Asian dishes here and there, several sushi choices, a hot meat carving station, salad/cold cut station, and a dinky little omelet/build your own taco salad station.To be fair, I love how they plated everything. With the individual cups/pots/baskets, that makes the experience a little more fun and definitely makes the food seem more appetizing.I was disappointed because after walking around several times, I only found several items that seemed appealing to me. Here are some of the things that were worth noting.-very fresh smoked salmon: can't really go wrong with this-bbq rib: actually very tender and fell off the bone-prime rib: perfectly cooked and just the right amount of fat-asparagus and green beans with garlic: veggies + garlic = win all the time-gelato: i had the balsamic strawberry, pistachio, and almond joy all very yummy and great in flavor-chocolate covered strawberries encrusted with nuts: yum to die for..the nuts were the perfect touch-pumpkin flavored flan: this was actually very good and not overly sweetThe not soo noteworthy... and semi disappointing-bone marrow: everyone raved about it.. but ours were dry and barely had any marrow-sauteed shrimp: you can tell that the shrimp was not fresh and overly cooked, yack-braised pork: it came in a little pot and was atop a layer of white beans.. very bland in flavor..-sushi selection: yellow tail nigiri.. omg, the slice of fish was sooo thin, what is this??-seared salmon: bland, no flavor, what waste to a nice piece of fish-pasta dishes: didn't look appealing to me, my friends said they were nothing too special-braise pork ribs in little to-go containers: tooo salty!!!-cold crab legs: i wished they were warm.. you can kinda tell they just defrost them. :(The Service-actually very slow...and not that great. Took forever just to get our ice tea refilled.Overall?I would probably not return based on my experience today. I mean, their selection of desserts is on par and great... but their other food selection, or rather the lack of selection, really makes the steep price a bit hard to swallow.There are better buffets out there.
5	The food is good but if you like sweet staff you will love this restaurant. The best of this buffet is the desserts, to many choices! The price is good for the food that you receive and even thought the day that I went was crowded (Dec 25) the service was ok. I recommend this place.
3	I had a mixed feeling about the place. I came with fairly high expectations due to the reviews on the Trip Advisor and Yelp. The place has its high and low notes. My tasting was focus on the dishes that other places do not usually offer in the buffet.In short, the high note is the service, food presentation, concept and some flavoful dishes.The host promptly greated me and lead me to the table. He made me feel comfortable through some small chat. The waiter then came to me and brings me some drinks. The waiters also clean the dishes very promptely.The low note is that a fair amount of the dishes are lukewarm and sometimes even cold.  There are some lousy dishes especially in the Asian Station.Salad/Starter station: This is probalby the best station to my opinion. It has variouse selections for salad, cheese,deli meat,breads, shrimp cocktail, chiveche.  I enjoyed all the salad dishes and think they are very well balanced and fresh. The bread is just okay to me.Sea food station: I only tried grilled salmon. It cooked fine (not perfectly), but it is only lukewarm, which is the best downfall for most of the dishes I had during my visit. I also tried the liver dish. The liver was cooked perfectly. Meat station: I tried the roasted leg of lamb. It has good flavor by itself and the sause is a also very good compliment to the dish.  The bone marrow is also good. I didn't not try to prime rib, but it looked to me a bit on the rare side. I also tried fried chicken. The fried chicken is disapoiniting. It is moist inside but the skin is not crispy. It is mushy. The braised lamb is also pretty good.Mac and Cheese Station: I skipped. Not a fan.Italian Station: A very good seleciton of pizza, pinini and pasta. I didn't have the room for any more food. Otherwise, I will defintiely hit one or two items in the station. They look properly cooked.Asian Station: I skipped most of the dishes. As an asian, they look lousy to me and typical selection of the Korean short ribs. The sushi looks more like what you can buy in your grocery store, which is the case for all of the typical buffet unless it is a sushi buffet. I did try the pickled ginger to test the freshness. It was okay and has a bit more acidity than I am used to. The reman is okay. It could be better if it were hot. I did taste a bit of sake in the broth. However, the broth does not have the depth. The fried squid is not good at all. Skip it. Dessert Station: A wide varity of the selection including French Macaroons, Opera, rice pudding shorts, eclair, dipped strawberry etcs.  I have to say though the selection is good, the tasting is so so for the delicate Macanroons. The ice cream is pretty good, though still not close to local specialized ice gream shops.In conclusion, the place offers some good flavorful dishes compared to typical buffet places. The tasting menu style serving size is also a plus for me. In the end, it still fall short primarily due to the lukewarm dishes.  It is better than most of the other buffet if not on par, but it does not have enough excelent dishes for me to go back to fork out $40 again.
2	After waiting 90 minutes in line for this, dinner would have needed to include flames and men with swords to get a really great rating from me. Sadly, it did not. With a few exceptions, this is pretty standard buffet food at an extra high price. One big problem: at least half of the dishes had no signs at all. Since I have food allergies, that made eating a more exciting adventure than it needed to be. Another problem: several off the dishes were out the whole time that I was there. Yes, it was busy -- it's always busy, so that's no excuse. I paid full price, I want the buffet not only filled but lavish.Drinks arrived quickly, but beer was warm and served without a glass, vodka tonic was weak. Table service was, overall, pretty efficient. Place is clean, no sticky floors or tables. They should probably buy more plates, since they were clearly rushing stacks straight from the dishwasher to the serving stations -- a hot plate on the dessert line is a sad thing.Food: Truffled scalloped potatoes were amazing, as were Duroc short ribs. There ends the amazing as far as savories go. Salmon, Pulled roasted boar sammie and prosciutto stromboli were good.Roasted meats and snow crab legs were ok, but not rave-able.  Braised beef shortribs over polenta was well done, but the ratio was 1  part braise to 8 parts polenta. Duck confit ravioli - "confit" had the texture of sausage, and I assume the dish is not meant to be served at room temp.Roasted Curried Cauliflower was rubbery, mashed potatoes had big lumps, brocolli rabe was watery, sweet potatoes were entirely unseasoned, green beans were tough - yeah, I eat vegetables at a buffet. Usually.Little fried chicken was undercooked at the bone. Ew.Cooked to order mac and cheese station looked ordinary. Maybe it was fantastic, but since there was never anyone behind the station, we'll never know.Notably the worst chicken tamale I have ever had. Desserts are clearly meant to be the best part. Since I'm not much for sugar, that didn't float my boat. Tiny one-bit chocolate waffle cones filled with chocolate mousse were outstanding, cake pops were good, everything else was meh. Again, mostly unlabeled, so even if I had loved something I wouldn't be able to call it out.I wavered between 2 & 3 stars here, but in the end I'd say that the combination of wait time, high price and ordinary food mean I'd probably not recommend it to anyone. If you happen to hit it when there's no line, it might be worth your time.
5	This is a must try buffet if you come to Vegas. This place puts all the other buffets to shame. It's hard to earn 5 stars from me but I was very happy all around. You come here for the "quality" of the food and the quantity. It's a bit pricey at $35 a pop for brunch but def worth it imo. From service to quality of food was exceptional. After, this first visit it has made me raise the standard of buffets. Then again you don't usually spend that much on an ayce place.Anyways once you come here it will make you smile and want to try everything.
2	Alirght Heard about this place on the 702 scene. Looks good, took the wife there for dinner. First off lets starts with the PRICE for two its $$$$ about that much. Now let me tell you about that food.. Food was good the frist time around, end of story. No i will not go back to this Over Price buffet. Sorry I forgot to take picture of the food. "Till next time my food lover.. till next time."
4	If you're a desserts fanatic like me, search no more, this is the buffet to visit during your stay in vegas!Pros: cute layout, portioned foods, amazing dessert bar (def try the gelato), and delicious seafood made to order during dinner (the muscles/clams are the best)Cons: long wait, slow service, filled with large groups of tourists or just really large groups in general so the buffet is always crowded
3	i really wanted to give this place 5 stars the moment i walked in....but i could not...the server was too busy to take care of us and we were so thirsty since all their food were so salty.....only highlight was the dessert section with some good cheese cake and great gelato selection....or else..dont come since the fat server guy was too busy to take care of you unless you look like you'll tip big i supposeoh and ps..dont get their shoyu ramen in the small bowl..the soup is just nothing but a mixture of water and soy sauce....dimsum that comes in the chinese takeout box...also no no..
4	for me, dessert is very fantastic, I love their dessert especially gelato is so so good.
3	I think my expectations were too high.It was ~$200 for four of us. That should indicate that the food and service is top quality, no?Haha, sure. But a few comments.1. The wait/line was so long. It was about a long, mouthwatering hour before we were seated at 7:15PM. And the wait inside for certain foods is pretty time-consuming too.2. The food was good, but not like money-was-worth-it-good. After a while, it seemed like they were limited on food selection. Also, they didn't replenish the supplies of some foods often. I wanted to try some ramen :[ But their Asian food sucked anyways.3. Mac and cheese bar was awesome! I'll give them props for that because I definitely enjoyed picking out ingredients I wanted and the cheese melting in my mouth.4. Desserts were okay. I loved the gelato and chocolate lava cake.5. Service was slow but they were polite and courteous.Would I come back again? Probably not (unless someone paid for me). It's a good experience to go once, but otherwise, I'll save some money.
1	It is just a below average buffet.  I have no idea why the rating is so high.  We did get there a little before 9 PM and they closes at 10 PM.  Thinking it will be ok because of many recommendations from others.  Man oh man are we in for a surprise.First, the seating speed is super slow.  We were there late and there are tons of uncleaned seats.  We were still in line for over 40 minutes.Then it comes the food.  Asian food, soy sauce + water with a little udon, miso soup with nothing else in it (usually I am expecting tofu or seaweed), tough hard to chew vegetable and beef, only bright side is the ribs.  Then the pizza and Italian food, why I need to pay $45 a person to eat those and spaghetti with meatballs? Standard roast beef and pork chop, you can get those at hometown buffet. Seafood, also standard crab leg, salmon pieces are ok.  No good salad bar, one star down.  No good fruits, one star down.Desert is ok, but the ice cream bar has a constant long line.Oh, one more thing, when we got there, there is no sushi anymore.  I guess I can only snack on wasabi and those pink ginger slices.Before 10 PM, they started closing already.  Nice for the worker, not so nice for the customer.Overall, I want to give them a  -7 if I can.-1 for seating speed-1 for Chinese food-1 for pizza hut type food-1 for no salad-1 for no fruits-1 for no sushi-1 for the price vs variety
1	I heard many great things about Wicked Spoon from my friends so I had my bachelorette dinner here last October. What a mistake. The food looked appetizing but was bland and unmemorable. I don't think there was ONE thing I finished. I thought they were known for their desserts but even that failed to perk my dismal mood. I could have probably received better food at a cheap local restaurant. I will never be eating here again.
4	This is one of our favorite LV buffets.  It's on the pricey side ($42/person), but they do offer items with exotic ingredients and focus on quality in each of their offerings. Note: children over 12 pay full price, so make sure everyone has a healthy appetite and can appreciate gourmet food!  We arrived Wednesday night at 430pm and there was already a long line for the 5pm dinner service.Overall service and food were excellent, with maybe just a few items missing the mark: fried wicked chicken wings were a bit bland and the individual cups of ramen soup were too salty. Beef tongue Shepard pie and dirty rice with sweetbreads tended to be dry with the meat underwhelming. Everything else was divine and worthy of five stars.- Prime rib was juicy and perfectly cooked to a point where sauce was not needed.  - Asian baby back ribs from Compart Duroc pigs were melt-off-the-bone delicious with a sweet glaze.- Individual servings of porcini risotto were rich and creamy - very strong mushroom flavor yet you still sense the texture of the rice so it's not mushy at all.- Seared salmon fillet on lentils, with the salmon being grilled perfectly, not overcooked like many other buffets.  Our 14-yr old niece had two!-I had the pasta and sausage dish, with the very wide noodles.  It was cooked al dente for sure, since you have just enough chew on the pasta - good texture contrast with the sausage.-Beef short rib on polenta was fork tender and full of flavor.  The polenta was buttery and very decadent.- Scallops with coconut-lemongrass(?) sauce was one of their smaller dishes, but was refreshing and light.- Green veggies (water spinach with garlic,  broccolini with pine nuts and red pepper, and green beans with mustard and bacon) were all flavorful and cooked really well I think.- Lastly the desserts were all good - a feast for the eyes as well with artistic preparations.  They had these cute, mini chocolate waffle cones with dark chocolate cream sauce and chocolate toppings that can be enjoyed in one bite.  Also, this amazing sweet potato flan that had elements of spiciness and sweetness.    They have a standard chocolate cup with chocolate pudding and filled with blue, black, and raspberries that was good (eat it quick since the chocolate leaks as soon as it reaches your plate).  They also have a huge gelato stand with lots of flavors to choose - but here the line was too long, so maybe next time.Would definitely come back - this LV buffet does cater to foodies who are willing to try less conventional, innovative cuisine.  Everything is very clean and nicely presented and the ambiance and service top notch.
4	One of the best buffets I have been to in Vegas.  The idea of individual sized serving is brilliant.  You don't waste a lot of food and you just get a good enough portion to know whether or not you want seconds.  Some highlights (from what I can remember):- braised short ribs- prime rib- crab legs (already cracked open)- ceviche (small servings in shot glasses)- dessert bar
4	Not a big buffet person, but kudos to Wicked Spoon for putting out their foods in smaller portions. A food waster like me who just likes to try one bite of each thing, this made me feel less guilty not eating everything.The lines can be quite long, however, our group of 7 only waited about 30 minutes on a Saturday night. Because it was a "holiday weekend", they upped the charge to $45 a person. Quite pricey, and definitley not worth it for me. No difference in food, except the cashier mentioned there was turkey.We sat at a high table which made it a bit tougher to get in and out, but appreciated the decor and set up of this place.Buffets are a waste of $ for me, as I don't indulge in prime rib and crab legs like the majority of people. However, my girlfriends said the prime rib was one of the best they had (not just at a buffet), and enjoyed the crab legs.I sampled just about everything except for the meats. There is an Asian station with LA Kalbi, various meats with veggies, but I only wanted to try their salt and pepper calamari. Waited nearly 10 minutes for it, but it was worth it. You get about 3 pieces in a little cute frying basket. They were typical calamari, but good to have as part of the meal. The sushi here is absolutely terrible. The rice is overcooked and hard, possibly from staying out so long.They had a variety of meats and cheeses, that I enjoyed, although I wish there was some bread or crackers to enjoy it with. Their clam chowder was really good too. My favorite of course was the pizza, which are tiny slices, perfect for me. There was a french onion, sausage and veggie, and a margherita. All very tasty. The stromboli was really good too.Their shrimp and grits, although looks really good, the grits were way too salty for me. I was super bummed they didn't have the bone marrow everyone raved about, and was dissapointed with the mac and cheese station. Although it's really cool to have any type of protein, veggie, and cheese in your mac and cheese, it was just typical orecchietta pasta, pan cooked with pasta and meats. Very heavy, and a larger portion than I had expected.Their dessert station was sub-par, but did enjoy the choices of having a scoop of gelato. Had 3 different kinds, and the coffee was my favorite.Unfortunately, our waitress was MIA the whole night. We got our drinks in the beginning, and over an hour later, we had to flag her down for a refill.Overall, a decent experience. Glad I tried it, but I'd definitley rather have 9 Earl Sandwiches for the price of this buffet.
4	Is the Cosmopolitan Hotel and anything inside it still considered "trendy" at this point in time?Definitely.Is the Wicked Spoon Buffet therefore overrated?Possibly.Did I nevertheless stuff myself to the gills the last time I came here?Of course!And is the Wicked Mac 'n Cheese really as good as everyone says it is?HELL. YES.$32 plus tip and tax for weekend brunch, or $41 with bottomless champagne.
4	Pros:Has an amazing selection compared to every other buffet in Vegas; Asian, Italian,American it's all there.The price is fair compared to other buffetsWaiters/Waitress' are very friendlyCons:Line is a little long during Brunch hour
4	The line was reallllllly long when I get there, took me 45 mins to get in but it's great!!!! Nice place with great service! The Food is amazing, nth like Vegas buffet, it come with small pension, which is great ;) n the dessert is OMG + lol, lot of choice, time for me to lose so weight I guess
3	NOTE TO YELPERS: 3 Stars doesn't mean that something is bad. People give out praise FAR TO EASILY and are overly harsh ALL THE TIME on here, so let's all make  more of an effort to be honest with our reviews.First time I've been to one of the much talked about Las Vegas buffet's! After hearing that a co-worker of my wife's raved about it and a friend of ours that actually lives in Vegas say that it's definitely one of the best, I was pretty excited about eating here. We decided to drive down instead of walking or taking a cab. Trust me when I say, don't take a cab, just drive if you really wanna get there in a hurry. The Self Parking at the Cosmo is an absolute piece of cake. Well, enough about The Cosmo and more about Wicked Spoon!Perhaps I was ill informed about cost, because I went in thinking it was gonna be around $50 for two people. Oh no, it was $75! Granted this was New Years Eve and everything in Vegas seems much more expensive this time of year, but at this price I was seriously hoping that I was going to be blown away. We got in line and it moved fairly quickly, this is big spot and either due to the time of day or the fact that they have so many tables it just seemed to be a ten minute wait in line (if it was even that long). We were brought to our table and we both ordered orange juice. I would've liked a mimosa, but I didn't realize it was extra to get alcohol. Granted, that is entirely my mistake, but it would've been nice if they said something before we went in. The most important part is, of course, the food. It is without a doubt the best buffet I've ever been to! The stand outs had to have been the smoked salmon, the green beans, the fried chicken and the ramen noodles. Oh and the duck confit ravioli would've absolutely been killer, but I didn't like the cinnamon on it, just a little too sweet. The portions are just right, as you're able to sample a bunch of different foods without over doing it on the actual intake side of things. Would I go back? Probably not. Not that it isn't good by any means, it is. It's an above average breakfast and a great buffet. I just know that there is better food in Vegas and that I've had better breakfasts plenty of times in my life.
4	How can you go to Vegas and not go to at least one buffet?  It's sacrilegious.  It's a SIN not to be a glutton in Sin City at least once every time you visit.   I fulfilled my buffet requirement at Wicked Spoon in what seems to be the new hip hotel to-be-at, Cosmopolitan.  We ate here twice, once for dinner -$37 and a second time for day after Christmas brunch -$35.So what makes Wicked Spoon buffet worth eating at?Buffets to me for the most part are similar. There's a little Mexican, Chinese, American, and other types food to choose from.  But lots of times when mass produced food is made, something is lost in the quality.  Buffets become more quantity than quality.  But Wicked Spoon in my opinion is very popular because the food keeps a nice level of quality and a few more items that wouldn't normally be seen at a buffet.  I'll name a few items I   tried:Prime Rib, Ham, Spaghetti & Meatballs, Mac & Cheese, Crab Legs, mashed potatoes, Pork Belly, Bone marrow, Wild boar sliders, salad, French Toast, Stir fried Shrimp, shrimp & grits, and gelato.The food is surprisingly good for a buffet.  It of course won't compare to a restaurant but at the same time when I go to a buffet, my reasons or goals for eating are different.  It's for variety of foods and amount for the money.  Wicked Spoon fulfills my buffet wants and needs in quality, freshness, and variety.  A little lacking in the dessert department but I'm not real interested in dessert anyway.  The service is friendly and keep the drinks coming.  So if you wish to avoid committing the outrageous violation of not eating at a buffet in Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon is a good choice.
5	The food was so good! And they have all you can eat macarons.
4	This is probably the most creative of all the buffets, but dishes are hit or miss.  There are two main things that differentiate this buffet from most of the other "nice" buffets in Vegas.   1. Exotic Ingredients/Creative Pairings2. Portioned ServingsIf you consider yourself a foodie or an adventurous eater, you'll want to give Wicked Spoon a try.  Where else can you get Sweetbread Dirty Rice (not bad), Fried Oysters (pretty good), Crab Legs, Braised Short Rib over Creamy Polenta (very good), Wild Mushroom Risotto (tasted great, but they need to cook the rice an extra 15 minutes, a few grains were still gritty), Butternut Squash Raviolis with Duck Confit (surprisingly too doughy, not enough butternut squash taste, and not good), and Bone Marrow?  I went for dinner.  The day you go they'll probably have totally different dishes.  They have your standards, like a well seasoned tender prime rib.  They have a build your own mac 'n' cheese station.  The Asian foods, like the sushi look unappealing.  They have quality cheeses, like St Agur Blue Cheese (Or was it Stilton? I forget), really good shrimp ceviche.  The night I went they did not have the sweet potato fry station up and running.  The food variety is all over the place, just stay away from the Asian foods.  I'm a fan of their portioned servings.  No, they aren't trying to restrict how much us piggies want to eat, because really, how much food can one piggy eat?  Things like risotto get served in their own cute little stainless steel cooking pot.  If you love the dish, sure you can grab two or three pots for your plate, but if you just want to taste some, the portioned servings are perfect.  How I see it is... it saves you from over spooning and overeating, when your efforts can be better spent on other dishes.  Alcohol here is extra (not like the free beer and wine bar at the Studio B Buffet @ M Hotel). What you cannot pass up is the dessert bar.  Want to make a girl happy?  Bring her here!  Vegas has stepped up the dessert bars over the years with Wynn, M Hotel, and now the Cosmopolitan.  They have macarons!  The French kind!  Like salted caramel and passionfruit macarons!  There's an expansive gelato bar (looked like maybe 16 flavors?) that is a must sample.  Jumbo chocolate dipped strawberries, covered in nuts.  Mini tiramisus.  Red velvet cookies.  The dessert bar is probably the most impressive part of the overall buffet... there's no better way to tap out!  Best buffet?  It's pretty close.  I still think I like Wynn's buffet the best, with Studio B and Wicked Spoon running neck and neck depending on what you prefer that day.  All of those are way ahead of Bellagio's buffet.  I have not tried the new Caesars' buffet, so I can't compare it to that.
4	We have eaten here twice. First time was good. This time was great. I think the food has improved a bit. They have a strong offering of meats, seafood, fruits, desserts, and Chinese food. There seems to be a lot of British-influenced food. For the price, you will have a very satisfying meal. It is pretty laid back in the restaurant. Service at the table is mediocre because the servers are dealing with a lot of people. Caesar's used to be my favorite - because the decor is a bit fresher and lighter than the somewhat scarey Halloween inspired orange and purplish interior of Wicked Spoon - but this food is certainly on par and probably a little superior in variety. Between the two I would be happy at either and would probably just go to the one that was most convenient at the time.
1	Don't spend your money here!! We're very disappointed at this place, food  was too dry. Looked like it was sitting there on trays for too long. Steamed salmon, crab, sushi were not fresh. Soup and Chinese food were way too salty. The worst Buffet I ever had, never going back again. Price was too high for the quality of food.
4	I had their buffet brunch (weekday) which was very reasonably priced - I think it was $23? And this included a complimentary mimosa/bloody mary.Everything was really good except oddly enough - I wished the portions were smaller. I know - who complains abut that?! But since everything tasted so good, I wanted to sample everything without wasting food.
4	Wow, we have a lot of fans for this buffet.  I'm giving them 4 for special selections that they serve here as compared to other buffets.  Not that much of a wider selection, but some different eats.  We came here when they just opened up for the evening.  The wait wasn't that long, perhaps maybe about 30 minutes in that line.  PS get your players card and get $5 off your already expensive buffet.  I was a bit disappointed because I kept reading in the reviews to try the bone marrow.  haha, not a huge fan of that, but if its at a buffet and in these yelp reviews, I have to try it.  We got in right when they opened, but they were already out.  booooo.  So different eats that was yum was the beef tongue shepard's pie, the mac and cheese station customized to your liking, deep fried oysters and calamari.  Had some what of an Asian twist for those that eat that.  What was neat is that most of those eats were already prepared in small dishes for you to just grab rather than scoop up traditionally in a buffet. Of course I finished up with snow crab legs, thankfully it doesn't get too messy because it is presliced so the meat is exposed. Desserts-best part of dessert was the ice cream to pair up with whatever pastry you wanted.  :)I'll come back if I'm being treated again haha
3	Went here for dinner, and i was disappointed in the $45 meal. They beef ribs, pork ribs, roast beef, bone marrow, crab, but thats about it for the highlights of the place. Everything else was so generic and cheap. Potatoes, Generic Chinese food, horrible sushi selection, various salads, and a bunch of fried foods. I think their dessert selection was probably the best part about this buffet, but after eating so much I didnt really get to try everything. I think this buffet is a little overrated.
4	I love the Cosmo, so why not give the buffet a try.  Arrived at 8:30 am which was perfect because it was dead.  Paid $9 extra for AYCD mimosas and bloody Mary's.  Easily drank our money's worth, but I am a buffets best friend, I get one plate and I'm done.  I enjoy that they have small, separated portions, so that your food isn't running into each other.  Had to try the Mac n cheese, and that was probably the best thing I had.  The biscuits n gravy was also yummy.  I think the Wynn buffet is prettier, you don't feel like you are at a buffet, but the service was really good at WS and our waiter even sent us with a to-go drink.
5	Best buffet in Vegas!  Better than Bacchanal.On a Friday night, there is no line after 6pm.  We waited in line before it opened for dinner at 5 pm because we thought the line would be long but around 6, we looked out the door and saw that there was no line.  The food was just as good as Bacchanal but without the lines so do yourself a favor and eat here instead of waiting in line at Bacchanal for 3 hours.  The selection of food is a little less than Bacchanal but each dish was good.  For example, Bacchanal had fried rice which looked so bad that I didn't even try it.  The fried rice at Wicked Spoon was delicious.   Ditto for the green tea I ordered.  Bacchanal serves bigelow tea bags (the cheapest teas you can buy) but the Wicked Spoon served high end green tea that you would find at Whole Foods.  None of the food stations had long lines.  I would eat here again!
3	3.5 stars, rounded down. I had REALLY high expectations for this buffet and unfortunately, I was not wow-ed or impressed by much.the good:- really cute presentation: i did love how MOST things are portioned out into really cute containers. prevents one from getting too much of every single item- the standout foods: DUCK CONFIT RAVIOLI, kale salad, crab legs, chocolate covered strawberries the bad:- PRICE! Omg, we paid $45 (not including tax/tip) for dinner on New Year's day, which I wouldn't have mind much but...- SO MANY FOOD RAN OUT! No macarons, there were signage for more food but none was placed out- LACK  OF VARIETY! there really wasn't that much special options beside the bone marrow & the made to order mac n cheese bar. Their Japanese selection was super weak, no salad bar, and their desserts seemed typical. We should've went to Bacchanal instead!!!
4	This was the nicest buffet I have been to in Vegas. I have tried MGM, Excalibur and Luxor buffet before, but this one is a different world. I have to warn you though, it was a long wait but totally worth it. If you have a Marriott credit card you can skip the line. The food is amazing. The chef has spent  time on each recipe for each food and each have a very good taste. The portions are like bites which is nice for a buffet and you get to taste everything. The design of the buffet is also very nice. I'm just giving it 4 starts because I had a sick stomach after it for two days which is probably because of having a lunch portion that was much bigger than my usual meal. But overall totally worth the $35 and highly recommended.
3	This is more like 3.5 stars rounded up. On my first trip to Vegas I knew I had to stop by at least one infamous buffet. We unfortunately stayed at the Luxor where the food sucks so we made our way down to Cosmopolitan to check out what all the hype was about. We got there at 11:20 AM (opens at 11 AM) for Sunday brunch and the line was already 30+ people long. Then we found out that was only the line to pay, there was another line inside to be seated. We spent about 25 minutes on the line to pay and another 35-40 minutes on the line to be seated, which is generous I guess, based on how long other reviewers said they waited.I'm a New Yorker and we're not exactly known for buffets so I can't say that I've ever experienced one like this. I loved that the dining room had more of a large restaurant feel than a buffet look, and that the portions were individual instead of shady looking trays of food that look like they have been sitting out all day. The restaurant-quality selections were well plated and tasted particularly good for having been mass produced. I tried everything from the salt and pepper calamari to the Angry Mac & Cheese and short braised ribs. I didn't see as much variety as I thought there would be, but I'm guessing there are more meat and seafood offerings for dinner. I do wish there had been more variety at the dessert bar though, I didn't see much I was interested in other than the gelato, tiramisu cups and a few other random pastries. Ultimately, I enjoyed my meal but I doubt I will return now that the novelty has worn off. I don't eat enough at buffets to constitute spending $35 for brunch, without even including alcohol or tax/tip. When we were leaving the line was all the way down the hall, at least a 2 hour wait. I can't stand lines so I definitely can't see me torturing myself on the dinner line for a buffet...ever
5	Out of all the Buffet in Las Vegas Cosmo had it all on their plates.. likewise, wayne had it all too. lol
5	FOOD HEAVEN. SERIOUSLY. SRLY GUYS.This is THE best buffet that I have been to and I even came here for the brunch! The selection and quality (yes, quality) is superb here, not to mention it is in the Cosmo hotel in Vegas. You really get some top notch food for only $23 on weekday brunches here. Their dessert selection is amazing with gelatto selections as well! I really enjoyed their shrimp and breakfast selection here. They had sushi and the typical buffet food as well.
5	For $40 I thought this was a pretty darn good deal. Nice ambiance, service, and best of all, really good and interesting food. You won't find any gross giant chafing dishes of buffet food here; instead, most items come on their own individual serving plates/dishes, which contributes to the high-end feel of this place. While they have your prime rib (excellent), pasta, and all the other usual dishes you expect at a buffet, they also offered some some out-of-ordinary fare which I greatly enjoyed, like the roast bone marrow (accompanied by toast and sea salt, yum!), sauteed calves liver, and beef tongue shepherd's pie. They had a kale salad that was divine, and there was very little to fault with any other offerings I tried. I thought the Korean BBQ galbi was a little on the fatty side, but not bad. Their dessert selection was pretty outstanding as well, with a Thai Iced Tea ice cream that was out of this world! My friends and I had a great time and was appropriately stuffed by the time we waddled out of there. This changed my idea of a buffet forever, and I am looking forward to my next visit.
4	I would say 5 stars for concept, 3.5 for taste... So I'm averaging to 4...for our dinner here. If you are in the cosmopolitan id say pick this place over jaleo if you happen to be deciding between the two. Obviously much different than other buffets of heaping piles of food. Great small plate presentation but obviously not the variety you'd see at other buffets.  Now the only other buffet I have done is the Wynn so I can't compare to other big ones like caesers or bellagio...I would say that the Asian section was quite sad.. The salt and pepper calamari were really the only thing that looked appetizing besides the Korean short ribs. I was sad that many of the small played dishes were cold when I got to my table which was sad since we got there right at 5 when dinner opened. Some standouts to us; BBQ shrimp and grits, the custom Mac and cheese station (goat cheese!), ceviche, The prime rib truffle panini, the duck confi ravioli, beef tongue Shepards pie, and sweet potato flan and  the tiramisu cup dessertsThese fell short: soggy fried chicken wings, gnocchi that tasted good but was cold, Asian section as I said before, trout salad was blah, the braised shortrib and polenta was a little bland...I would have liked to have seen more fish... I felt that shrimp was very present...Very cool that for $9 u can get all you can drink wine which we didn't but I liked the idea.I probably won't do dinner here again but I may be tempted to try out the brunch.Cool atmosphere and chandeliers.
3	Good food, nice surroundings, beautiful desserts.  But overall the place is under-whelming.  Definitely not worth the 3+-hour wait as some reviews describe.   Probably worth $40 that they charge for dinner.
5	Went here with my son and daughter in law for my birthday. It was excellent to say the least.We decided to add the all you can drink wine option. Probably should not have done that. The wine was good but you only have the choice of white or red...no variety. They did keep the glasses full though.Come ready to try different types of food than you would normally see at a buffet. As others have said the food is amazingly fresh and flavorful. The service was top notch. We were there two hours because we just had to keep nibbling on some of our favorites.
3	I have eaten at Wicked Spoon Several times now. It is pretty much your typical Las Vegas Buffet. The food is decent but not extraordinary. Like most buffet it's about quantity over quality.My friends and I ate there this past weekend with a large party. In total we had 26 people. Dinner on Saturday night is $39 plus tax and 21% service charge added on for our party.Food:The food is decent. The have selections pretty much from every genre: Asian, Italian, American, etc. My favorite dishes were the Kalbi Short Ribs and the Crab Legs. Let's be honest the only way to get your money's worth is to fill up on meet and crab!One thing I do like about this place is that some dishes are portioned into small servings. This helps me control the amount of food I take, which leaves space for the good stuff.Service:Service is not that great. In, fact that is why I'm giving them 3 instead of 4 stars. First, our drinks were not promptly refilled. I only got one, while others at our table never got a refill. Glasses were empty most of the night. Might be because our party was already required to pay the 21% service fee. Kinda sucks.Second, My buddy anticipating that we would have a large party called ahead to make reservations. When he called he made reservations for 28. Ultimately only 26 of us showed up. However, they squeezed us into tables not meant for a party of our size. That was not the issue.....When the bill finally came. They tried charging us for all 28 people. Seriously?! I understand the spirit of the rule, but we were only 2 short in a party of 26, service sucked and you charged us 21% gratuity. I would understand if we were 5+ short or something. After speaking to the manager and him calling someone else they finally agreed to charge for the 26. BUT definitely a waste of time. We sat there for like 30-45 mins while they figure that out.Overall its a decent buffet. My preference when visiting Vegas is to eat at a regular A la carte restaurant. However if you like buffets Wicked Spoon is OK. Just beware if you have a large party reservation.
4	After reading great reviews I was super excited to try this place out.  For some reason, I was expecting Michelin-rated food in a non-buffet environment.  With very high expectations, I was disappointed in the quality of the food.  People keep reminding me though that it's a buffet- mass produced quantities of food.  After considering this, I'm raising my rating. I like how the majority of the selections were pre-plated in individual bowls/plates.  My pet peeve at buffets is when dishes all meld together.  I'm a bread and cheese person and loved their selection.  Writing this review a month later, nothing else stands out in my mind.  Nothing was inedible, but um-memorable either.  Wish I would have tried the more unique dishes like the bone marrow.  Next Vegas trip, I would probably do this buffet again.
4	3.5-Presentation was fabulous and so appealing! -Ample amount of seating and very comfortable.-Got in line 45 minutes before they opened at 5pm was worthwhile because we waited less than an hour to get seated. -Offered $9.99 for unlimited house red and white wines. Had a taste of both and opted out..not tasty and didn't compliment my meal.-Bone marrow for the first time.Most of the dishes tasted alright. With the presentation, I thought it was going to be SO DELICIOUS, but on the contrary it was below par. Bellagio and Wynn are friendlier to my taste buds. My favorite part of the meal was my mango-passionfruit sorbet and the thai tea ice cream.
4	after hearing all the hype,  i see now why it gets talked about so much!im not a big Vegas buffet connoisseur so maybe i have no idea what im talking about.i like how they served a lot of items individually, and might i add very adorably, plated.items of note:- asiago gnocci- sweet potatoes with marshmallows- mashed potatoes(^ umm i think i just like potatoes? LOL)- pizza variety- gelato bar- gigantic chocolate dipped strawberries- mini apple cobblersAND the $9 extra for unlimited champagne, mimosas, or bloody marysthey just kept bringing them over. that could get dangerous! id go again. epscially for their spuds clearly.
4	I have never wanted to try a Las Vegas buffet as much as I wanted to go to Wicked Spoon.  The concept of individualized containers and high-end items really appealed to me. After a couple of failed attempts and massively long lines, I got my chance.  The individualized containers were all that I could have ever hoped for.  Little ramekins, bowls, and cups of pasta, meats, and salads were so cute and portioned for grazing.  Those containers also made handling a plate really difficult since you could never put more than 2-3 containers on a plate at any one time. A major disappointment was how quickly Wicked Spoon ran out of "the good stuff."  Someone walking out of the buffet at the end of his lunch warned me that they had run out of both salmon and bone marrow.  When I returned for the first seating of dinner, they were still out of bone marrow.  I managed to try the salmon and beluga lentil dish, which was delicious.  They one measly plate of macarons which I later discovered they had no intent of refilling.  They udon noodle bar never seemed to have any noodles.  I enjoyed the prime rib, fried oysters, gelato bar, marshallows, kale salad, and variety.  It was very heavy in carbs - lots and lots of pizzas and filling pastas as per buffet usual but they were well-done too.  My major gripe was that it didn't seem luxurious or interesting enough.  No bone-marrow, sweetbreads, lamb chops, macarons, rilletes, pork belly, xiao lung bao, all of which I saw in other yelp photos.  One of the more unique items on our visit was the calves liver and onions.  Just because it's offal doesn't make liver and onions a desirable dish! It's still up there as an interesting and delicious buffet but at $42 dinner and $37 lunch plus the long lines...just know what you're getting yourself into.
5	Must come! Good. Food, good services, many choices! It is 100 times better than bellagio. Only $22 for brunch. You will get plenty of food and choices. Dun miss this!
4	It costs $40 for dinner but it is worth it!!!!!!!!THis is by far the best buffet i've had in Vegas. Everything is made with care, the portions are small so you sample a variety, and the best thing is that they have a gelato bar!!!!!Also, they don't degrade their buffet by offering lots of carbs e.g. mashed potatoes, garlic bread, etc - no sireeee! It's packed with rare meats like wild boar, duck confit, ribs cooked 3 ways, etc. Go early around 6:30pm for dinner if you want to beat the line.
4	Wicked Spoon certainly delivers as a certifiable delish buffet! While dining, I pondered to myself, will I give this joint 4 or 5 stars? Ultimately the decision came down to this: several food choices were like ohhhhhmahhhhhgoshhhh good but other items were just okay good (make sense???). Since I'm being stingy with my 5 stars, I felt like in order to qualify for an absolute "rave" review, every bite of every sampling needed to be like heaven in my mouth, and it wasn't. Highlights!-Mashed potatoes-Braised Short ribs-Chicken wings in a basket-Moltan Chocolate Cake in caramel sauceYummmmmm. Good brunch in my awesome hotel :)
4	Two words: Portion Controlled! Everything is in mini portions so that you're able to try everything there. Food was really good. I liked how it was different from other Vegas Buffets. Such as FRIED CALAMARI and FRIED OYSTERS! That was definitely one of my favorites there. It's different and they were actually pretty good. Crispy when I got them and not soggy at all. The bone marrow was oily and not much flavor to them, so I didn't enjoy them as much. The desserts were delish! Nutella Flavored ice cream! The duck dish was alright, not oily, but definitely tasty. I've tried so many things, but I can't list them off the top of my head. I don't usually go back to a buffet unless they're good, but this is one of the ones I'd return to and trust me I've been to almost all the buffets in Vegas. There was no line when we arrived there, but it was also during the week. One star knocked off for the service. The bus boys didn't clean up our table as quick as I would like. Esp w/ the small portions they give in seperate dishes, baskets and all takes up more room so our table was cluttered. Other than that, the food was good.
5	This place is by far the best buffet I've dined at! The foods are portioned so that the individual can potentially try every food there! I've come here for brunch and dinner, and surely the omelet bar was my favorite.  The quality is absolutely excellent and is definitely worth the money.
5	pricey----worth itYes, rumors were true. Variety of selections!excellent presentations...loved the mini baskets for the fried foods---yes i wanted to take it but didn't lolQuality was good..not like other buffetslocation of the restaurant in Cosmo was a JOURNEY! Definitely worth a trip backMy favorite was the braised short-rib. Yum!
5	We came almost 40 minutes before they closed and I have to say I'm impressed. The food selection was abundant and everything tasted so good. It was a great presentation of everything; mini to go boxes full of rice, little skillets with food, mini desserts. They're gelato wasn't actually gelato which disappointed me a bit but everything else made up for the psuedo gelato. The price was reasonable and it includes soda, tea, and coffee which was good. I hate when buffets charge extra for soda's or drinks. Definitely  coming back when I go back to Vegas.
5	I don't dine at many buffets nor do I really enjoy them when I do but that wasn't the case here..Due to a drunken friends challenge after a nightclub, we found ourselves on the road to Vegas with no hotel rooms booked or proper amount of clothing packed..With no sleep we strolled into Wicked Spoons, now I'm not sure if it was the lack of sleep or mental exhaustion but this place hit the spot, hence the story..We got there for breakfast and were seated fairly quickly, the buffet seemed larger than most and had a full variety of FRESH food..I found many items I was happy with and actually enjoyed, generally I find buffets to be unsatisfying and bland.Service was solid, don't recall the cost but it was well worth it.
4	Nice AmbienceNice PricingNice FoodWorth going more than once. I wanted to give them 5/5 stars but I took 1 star away for not serving crab legs!!
4	So many different varieties of food, fruits and DESSERTS! The setting was very nice, pricing was reasonable, nice ambience, overall everyone should at least try it once when you're in vegas.
4	Since we were in Vegas, we had to do all the vegas-y things. We went to the casinos, saw a show, watched the Billassio fountain and ate some good food. But no one wanted to go for a buffet. So my husband and I ditched the group to go see what these fabulous Vegas buffets are about. Since we had no experience with a buffet in Vegas, we went with the best rated one on Yelp,  the Wicked Spoon. There was a short line to get in, about 15 to 20 minutes. As soon as we were seated we were offered drinks, juice, etc. and we hit the buffet. They had a little of everything from a variety of salads to sushi to mac n cheese. The sushi was quite awful. I took one piece of the California roll and another of the shrimp tempura roll. I suppose you can't expect it to be great when it's been sitting in a buffet tray and has not been made fresh. Moving along, I tried a little of a few salads, the one which had pickled beets in it was delicious, but the rest were only so-so. They had a decent selection of charcuterie but I wish they had a list of names for both the meats and the cheeses. The hard salami was very nice, and I think they had some smoked pancetta, which was out of this world. They also had a very nice Edam (at least I think it was an Edam). The duck confit ravioli was tasty, the chinese spare ribs were excellent (we got seconds), the triple cheese mac n cheese was ok. All the other meats were a little on the dry side, including the roast beef and some kind of chicken. The bone marrow dish was interesting but not a wow. The fried calamari was pretty much like popcorn chicken from KFC but with calamari. The desserts though, oooooh, all these stars are for their desserts. When you walk around the little dessert section it doesn't look like much, but I filled up two plates just taking one of each thing, and I didn't touch the gelatos. There was no place for gelatos when you get all these little interesting mini desserts. They had a guava fudge, which doesn't sound very good, but was really tasty. A variety of little fruit tarts, a chocolate moose cone and chocolate moose cake. The peach melba was tasty, as was the mini apple pie and the molten chocolate cake. They had a dark chocolate bark which was interesting, I think it had almonds in it.  I can't remember too much else, but there was one dessert that had caramel and candied walnuts, I wish I could remember the name, but I do remember going back and getting two more of those. All in all, its a fabulous experience. The next time I go to a Vegas buffet though, I'm starting with the desserts and the cheeses, and then maybe having a little real food.
2	Oh Dear, what happened to wicked spoon? When I was here last year, the food was decently made and high quality. Selection was also much better as well. I was totally disappointed in my recent trip here.The chinese stir fry was super salty, to the point of unedible. Their freshly cook for you bar was a lame mac&cheese. Last time it was fresh clams and mussels! All the other food was kind of a downer and not exciting, I didn't feel like going for a 2nd round. Dessert was mehh as well, overly sweet as a whole. The best dessert was the handmade marshmellows. Service was also slow and inattentive. No drink refills and our dirty dishes piled up super high before the waitress took them away.Wicked Spoon needs to pick themselves up again, especially with bacchanal competing from caesar! I'm not sure I'll be back here again when there is 3 times the selection at bacchanal.
5	I've been to almost all the major Vegas buffets, including the ones in Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, and M Resort, and this one knocks em all outta the water. The food is top quality but not only is it yummy-licious with amazing and interesting variety (no generic, boring grub that can be found at any and every buffet) to please palettes of all ages & ethnicities, the PRESENTATION is refreshing, original, and will make you reach for your smartphone to Instagram your meal all night long.Happy Nom Nom!
3	Pros: Amazing salmon! Most buffets overcook salmon meat so that its tougher than it should be, but Wicked Spoon manages to get it right every time. The fish is always moist and tender- just the way nice restaurants cook it. They also have extremely fresh smoked salmon which is just as good. Large dessert selection. Our group was really happy with the dessert choices; they had chocolate dipped fruits, a bunch of cakes, macaroons, gelato, etc. I ended up getting the tiramisu and found it as a meal highlight.Great service. Our server was really nice and attentive. He always checked on us too see how we were doing or if we needed drink refills.Cons: Chinese food is salty and some of the italian small dishes were cold, which was disappointing cause that eliminated two major food stations for me. Also, the only cut for steak super rare, so I couldn't eat any since I prefer medium/medium rare. However, the boys in our group seemed to really enjoy it anyways (I guess meat is still meat. :P)Note: I'm writing this review for lunch. Dinner is much better (4 stars worthy), although also more expensive.
4	3.5 stars. This was the 3rd buffet in a row or something like that and I was getting a little sick of buffets. Came here with 7 other people for lunch on a weekday.I don't remember that much but overall I was very happy with the meat, fruit, and dessert selection.Service is a little bit slow but there was a lot of people to deal with so understandable.
5	I used to think that bellagio had the best champagne brunch. Wicked spoon is much better. Don't come here if you are expecting pancakes and waffles. Their food is gourmet and delicious. Angry Mac and cheese is amazing, great braised short rib, and perfect leg of lamb. Well worth the $$. Did I mention its a champagne brunch??
2	BE PREPARED to WAIT and PAY$$$$ NO CRAB LEGS OR SEAFOOD DURING LUNCHWe had a party of 5. We waited in line to pay, then we waited in line for over 1 hour to be seated. We arrived around noon. It was pretty disappointing for the amount of money you pay and how long we waited. This is NOT the place you want to wait for while you are hung over... I am pretty sure you might die of starvation from the wait. Starving and thirsty when we finally got in and seated, most of the good stuff like the bone marrow/clams/muscles/mac and cheese were all OUT. I asked if they were going to re-stock these items and no one would answer me. The service was awful, the lady was sweet but had too many tables, I had to ask 2 people for refills it took over 20 mins.I cant remember anything that I had to have seconds of or go back for. The ribs were pretty good and the Thai tea gelato.Honestly- go and spend your money at the hamburger joint HOLSTEINS on the way to this place. That place is AMAZING!! Over all, this place is overrated.. next time I am going to go back to Rio or the Spice Market Buffet.
5	I have not been to too many buffets in Las Vegas but the presentation of this buffet is amazing! It was definitely worth the wait!
5	If you are looking for a midweek discount to do buffets this is the place to go.Located at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon offers small scrumptious servings - a shot of ceviche, a creme brulee - in cute mini pots and baskets.Pass on the sushi - meh. The prime rib was juicy and tender, the raw salmon is delish yet not fishy, and the best part of all are the desserts, the ice cream was fab!plus a complimentary drink of your choice - besides coffee, soda and juice you could also have either champagne, mimosa or a bloody Mary.The weekend brunch costs $30, but weekdays it's a steal at $22.
2	I think every group has that bru that's always like 'OMG, WE ABSOLUTELY TOTALLY HAVE TO GO TO THIS PLACE WHEN WE COME HERE OMG I'VE HEARD SO MANY GOOD THINGS ABOUT IT WOWZORS WOAH OMGUHH'. Yeah. It was one of those dus that suggested we come out to Wicked Spoons out in Vegas.Pretty big mistake imo. Me and 15 other kiddies agree (the 16 other people I went with ... minus the one guy who really wanted to come -- I didn't ask for his opinion on whether he liked it or not cuz I was too salty at him for dragging us there ---OH AND YEAH I HAVE AT LEAST 16 FRIENDS HOLY COW RIGHT?) But here, this review is finna be slightly on the irrelevant side for most of y'all reading this tonight because I came around New Year's Eve time. I guess two days before. But the head honchos over at Wicked Spoonz figured it was still considered "holiday time" so they jacked them prices up. I still have the receipt in one of my jackets. The receipt paper it was printed on was high qual as fuc*. In fact, that was hands down the most high qual thing I got from this place. No questions asked. Bar none. I ain't even hyperbole-ing on y'all. Thick glossy supple paper, ya feel? Any way, the buffet cost us $45 each. I woulda paid 45 cents for the receipt paper I guess. Then I woulda wrote "Overrated" on it and plastered it on the face of the cashier. JK, I ain't that mad. I'm a innanet warrior ~Yo I'm dyin here cuz I'm reading this du's review before me and he got flowery ass words like 'fab' and 'delish' and I'm sure if I scrolled down further I'd see a 'fabulooouuuuusssss' but I ain't about to punish my eyes like that. They don't deserve it. Nothing was fab or delish or anything close to that. Prime rib was clammy and cold. Not prime at all. Not even rib really. Just cold red meat. Our waiter bru was kinda weird. He was kinda nice I guess but he kinda sucked at taking away our plates. I think he asked us how the food was three times and my responses were exactly as follows:1st time:"Great!"2nd time: *Nods head*3rd time: *Absolutely no response *Look down with a mixture of anger and disgustWicked chicken was also pretty chilly. I mean, yeah it's a buffet BUT INVEST IN YO HEAT LAMPS SONS. TAKE A PAGE FROM THE COLONEL AND KEEP YA CHICKENZ WARM. THEY TASTE BETTER. REAL RAP. I mean everything seemed exciting, but was actually really boring. Like duck confit ravioli? Yes pls. But no, not really. Because it tasted like slightly sweet slightly savory chef boyardee's. Bone marrow? Nope.I guess the dessert section was decent. Saving grace really, otherwise I'd stick em with a cold hard one star. They had like cute gold dusted cake pops. And fancy gelatos hand scooped for you by an unenthused chef looking guy (at least he's got the poofy hat).I guess the only fate worse than eating here is losing those 45 bucks to the casino. But at least you'd have vague amounts of fun doing so (assuming you play 45 bucks worth of penny slots or some shit ... if you a big balla, then the 45 bucks ain't even the small blind in your poker game, mirite?). I just feel disappointment and head-shakery. But yo if you like what all these other sheep have to say about the buffet then I say go for it bruh bruh. Try it out! Give it a whirl!Then you can come back and lament to me later about how you coulda bought yourself a pair of vans or some poppin' get up with the 45 bucks you blew on this joke of a buffet.
4	Went over Thanksgiving weekend. The place different and fresh. Doesn't have hundreds of choices like many of the Vegas buffets. However, quality versus quantity is the key. Meats are very good and the desert bar is delicious. Worth the visit.
4	Although selection isn't as good as bacchanal's. But! its pretty good for what they have.. decent selection from american/european/asian. nom nom.. not to mention they have bone marrow.
4	BUFFET!All you can eat, gourmet buffet?  Meh.  All you can drink mimosas for $9/person?  Sign me up!  The foods unbelievable (for a buffet).  Did I mention all you can drink mimosas?P.S.  The line is wicked long.  Get it? "Wicked long".  It's the WICKED spoon.  But seriously, the line gets pretty long.  Plan on waiting.
1	The Wicked Spoon Buffet was excellent when it first opened.  Since then the food has become disgusting.  Do not be fooled by the pretty surroundings.  I is xpensive for a buffet and the food is awful.  I have been many times and will not go back.  The last 3 times were dreadful.
4	The first time I came here was for lunch and I wasn't impressed. However, when I came back during another trip for dinner, I was much happier. While it is annoying that all their individual servings come in all these mini pots/platters/bowls that end up monopolizing your valuable plate real estate, I do appreciate the effort to make everything special. On this particular trip I really liked the cook-to-order seafood station where I got some delicious clams. If there are stations like that when you go, definitely take advantage of it and get in line before the rush!Tip: Go right in the middle of the afternoon when they open for dinner. Beware that they close for about an hour between lunch and dinner service so don't show up during that gap. I believe it's around 3-4 or something. Having an early dinner at 4ish is great because you can take your time, it won't be too crowded, and you can digest somewhat before hitting the clubs at night.
4	Great food, nothing was bad.
4	I went on a Saturday night around 8:30pm and the wait was minimal (maybe 2 people in front of me). It was, however, the middle of January. I suspect the wait would have been worse in July. The price for two was around $80, which isn't bad at all for a Saturday night dinner.I found the quality of the food to be pretty high, and the truffled scalloped potatoes were amazing. Since I've cut back to eating meat only once/week, I focused only on the vegetarian selections and I found them to be a bit lacking in number and variety. It wasn't awful, and I did get full - but my dining companion didn't like as many of the dishes that were available. He had to fill up on dessert. Side note - Wynn has vegan and vegetarian options at all their restaurants, so if you prefer that sort of thing, you might be better served there.Service was generally friendly and the restaurant was very clean. However, my dining companion was a bit upset that the macaroni and cheese bar guy used a dirty shrimp utensil to stir his meat-free mac and cheese. If you have food allergies, you might want to avoid this place since they clearly don't train their staff to avoid cross-contamination. My mom is allergic to shrimp, so something like this would have been more than just an "eww" for her.I would probably go back in the future if I was over there, but I wouldn't take a cab and make a trip there just for the buffet.
4	Good value and a good selection. I would definitely recommend it. The Nutella gelato is absolutely wonderful.
2	As a buffet connoisseur (kind of an oxymoron like "jumbo shrimp" or "Walmart snob") and as someone who has gone to Vegas about once a year for the past 20 years, I have been to pretty much every buffet in Vegas, some many times. So how does Wicked Spoon compare to the Bellagio Gourmet Buffet (weekends only), which is still the best buffet in Vegas? Not very well.When you go to a buffet that costs almost $40, you're really not looking for variations on, say, chicken preparation. You can get chicken for under a couple of bucks a pound at almost any supermarket. Or at least if you are, you shouldn't be shelling out $40 for a buffet - just go to Old Country or Golden Corral.At a $40 buffet, you're looking for a large selection of relatively expensive foods. At the Bellagio Gourmet Buffet, which I went to one night before Wicked Spoon, there was Peking duck, prime rib, Chilean sea bass, kobe beef, sushi (with actual raw fish), poke (sashimi prepared Hawaiian style), etc. - you can't find a single one of these items at more pedestrian buffets.What do you get at Wicked Spoon? Only prime rib that's above ordinary and then fairly ordinary ingredients prepared slightly fancifully and presented in uppity small metal containers that are made in France. It's just not really close and it's only something one appreciates if one is not a true foodie and loves pretense.Go to the Bellagio.
4	Descent buffet, clean utensils, and helpful staff. Our server accidentally gave our table to another customer while we were trying to get our food but they seated us right away and gave us complimentary mimosa for the inconvenience.
4	The buffet is pricey, but if you plan to drink, getting the bottomless mimosas/bloody mary's for $9 isn't a bad deal! Get there early because at noon on a Saturday there was a line out the door just to pay for the buffet and then another line to be seated. I don't normally do buffets mainly because the quality of food at such a high quantity is so low. But in this case, I didn't feel that way. I was lucky to get to try a little of most everything, so here is my try at reviewing the various items:Beet salad: 5 stars. Amazing. Fresh, light and so flavorful. Kale salad: 4 stars. Also very flavorful, but I think there was too much salt. Pumpkin seeds were a great addition.Mac & Cheese: 3 stars. We were not able to choose which cheese we wanted (which I read in a few reviews) and the flavor just was not great.Pizza: 3 starsBanh Mi: 4 stars. Cutely presented, little tiny buns with a peice of meat and carrots, etc. inside. Really tasty. Sushi: 3 stars. I don't expect too much from a buffet though. Not fresh fish.Sliced meat (Beef): 1 star. Gamey and not tasty.Roasted Chicken, lamb: 4 stars. Really flavorful.Desserts: 5 stars. Gelato bar, fresh chocolate molten lava cake with caramel sauce, fresh flan, chocolate covered strawberries, little cheesecakes, Bottomless Mimosas: The server kept bringing me a fresh glass filled with a poincetta (champagne & cranberry juice) right as I finished my glass. Was wonderful!I will be back fo sho!
4	My friends and I ate here while we were in Vegas.  It's a big pricey, but you definitely get your money's worth.  The food was very good and there was a wide variety.  We were at the table for 2.5 hours and they didn't complain.  My only complaint is that sometimes it took a long time for them to bring drinks to us.
4	A bit pricy, but very very good.  If it were maybe $5 cheaper, I'd probably give it 5 stars.
3	Soooo my group and I Buff-failed...A Vegas buffet is definitely something that was on our list of things to do while in Vegas. We planned it so that we would not eat too much that day and be ready to indulge and make the most for our money. Found that Wicked Spoon looked like a great choice, and was decently priced ~$35 incl tax and tip. We arrived and it was quite crowded so to try and get seated promptly we split up into groups of three tables. We did not have to wait long and then it was on to the food!Most everything looked delectable - my favorites were the braised beef, kalbi, lamb, mashed potatoes, and salmon (a very meat-oriented person, I know...). Not just the taste, but the presentation also was great. Those to stay away from are the ramen (too salty) and sushi (they fall apart).Now, our plan was to do it like the Bellagio Buffet - come in later in the day and get in the buffet for lunch price, staying through when they change the lunch food to dinner food...waited and saved room in the stomach until 3:30 when I noticed happily that they were removing the hot foods. Expecting them to bring on the dinner foods, I also saw that the restaurant was emptying slowly and no new food was bringing brought in. Of course, then I had to ask and the waiter said that Wicked Spoon CLOSED AT 3...wut. Checked the website and alas, twas true...BUFF-FAILLLLL - it's NOT like the Bellagio and they have designated times for lunch and dinner. I saved my appetite for nothing but the leftover desserts they had...At least now my group know to check the hours next time, but a litte fair warning would have been nice...especially considering we came in at 1pm...gah...
5	The buffet was not cheap but between the amazing food and my endless bloody mary's it was worth every penny.   I arrived at 11 am on a Sunday to no lines and immediate seating.    We enjoyed buffet staples like the omelet bar and the tower of bacon but also some standouts like bone marrow and scallops.  I loved the individual portion sizes for items like the Angry Mac & Cheese and the short ribs.  I would definitely come here again if I end up in Vegas.
3	Buffet dinner for 2 is is 79.99 and make sure to add the $9 endless wine or beer.  No lines on a Monday night.  The presentation of food gets 4 stars, the quality gets 3.5 stars and the taste gets 3.  The food definitely is my type of buffet, little bites to sample everything.  They do a very cute job of presenting their main dishes in little pots, dim sum in tiny chinese containers, ramekins, and shrimp cocktail in shot glasses.  They must go through a lot of dishwashing detergent. Salad/cold dish bar - the shrimp cocktail was OK, shrimps were large size, there were a variety of different types of salads and I love the different types but the only one I think was beyond par, was the caesar salad and arugula beet salad.  They also have a cheese bar - gouda, brie, blue, and cheddar.  Only 2 types of soups plus the ramen soup at the chinese bar which had potential but when tasted, it was soooo salty.  The only thing that was extraordinary here, was the rambutan fruit (something you don't normally get at a buffet or anywhere's else for the matter).  The ceviche was definitely worth tasting, it was a simple ceviche with bay scallops but flavors depicted a seafood melange with tomatoes & cilantro.  I've had better, but it was good compared to the other salads.Main dish bar - Some of the dishes had a lot of potential such as the bbq shrimp with grits, leg of lamb, prime rib and bone marrow but when tasted, it was just OK.  The grits were delicious and definitely did not need the shrimp, the prime rib was delicious according to my husband, and the leg of lamb was good and not too gamey.  All the hype about the bone marrow is soooo overated.  It really just tasted like a spoon of fat to me.  I've definitely had better.  I didn't bother with the comfort foods like spaghetti & meatballs, truffled potatoes, etc.Bread bar - They had a variety of mini pizzas which I didn't taste.  The grilled whole shrimps they made were not good, maybe the 2 shrimps I picked out where just bad - they were mushy like old shrimps when peeled but I tasted the sauce and it wasn't even worth tasting.Chinese bar - The korean bbq beef was really tasty.  I didn't taste the ribs but they looked good.  The dim sum spare ribs were yummy.  They had the usual fried rice but it didn't look good.  The ramen as I said earlier was way too salty.  They should not even advertise sushi here because it was all rice and there were only 3 types of rolls.Dessert bar - OK, so I thought since everyone raved about the dessert bar I figure I at least have to taste it.  The molten chocolate cake was one of the worst, the chocolate strawberries with health bar topping (my favorite) was nothing to write home about.  The strawberries were large but not sweet.  The mini parfait was eh, and so were the mini cakes like tiramisu & a variety of others.  The only I really enjoyed was the coffee white chocolate gelato.  My husband & I are now converted fans of gelato from ice cream.My husband enjoyed the endless 4 glasses of pinot grigio he had for $9 but the pinot was definitely better at the Rio Village buffet.  This buffet does not compare to the quality and taste of the Village seafood buffet at the Rio.  If there were 1/2 stars, I'd give this buffet a 3 and the Village one a 4.5 star.  Is it worth trying?  Probably, if you enjoy comfort foods that are boring.
4	Came here for Brunch on a Sunday (during a three day weekend, I might add) with 13 other friends. The wait? Almost none, just had to wait for the rest of the party to come to be seated. About $40 for tax and tip for brunch buffet (without the all you can drink champagne) is a pretty good deal for the quality food that was served! Yums. I loved the little portions that everything was served in and took bites out of everything (my friends & I started sharing after a while..)My favorites included:Shrimp Cocktail - Served in cute little shot glassesCheese & SalamiEggs BenedictMacarons - Not sure which flavor, but still deliciousGelato - I tried the Passionfruit MangoPeach cobbler - Still warms in the little serving panLamb ShoulderSmoked SalmonBacon - perfectly crispedOther items (which ranged from good to meh) included:Ribs Apple Smoked SausageChocolate Covered Strawberries - I didn't particularly like the oreo crumbs, but still good.Fried chickenShort RibsYogurt Parfait - With blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries, yum.Lemon garlic shrimp - Sushi - Not much selection and too much riceCalamari - A little bit too salty for my tasteCrab CakesRavioliAngry Mac&CheeseSalad - There was not much selection during this timeThere was A LOT more food that I cannot think of. Quality buffet for a good trip to Vegas, especially for brunch. It also wasn't too crowded either, which was a plus! The best part about the whole buffet, as always to me, was the dessert selection and display. Mouth watering and drooling. The service was also really good, checking up on us often for drinks. Not saying I go to buffets too often (I probably have been to quite a few in Vegas - Rio, Bellagio, the cheap one in The Orleans), but this one was pretty good. Also might be hyped up since it was the end of a great Vegas trip, but doesn't hurt to try!
3	Came here on multiple recommendations.    Tuesday night, first day of CES 2013....NO Fried OystersNO Steamed ClamsThey do have the following though:Chocolate Lava CakeA1 Salted Prime RibMade to order Mac n CheeseService was excellent!!!!I may come back and try it again, but most likely I'll be at Bacchannel in Caeser's.
5	Woohoo, properly one of the best buffet I have had. Nice service and clever idea about the small size portion. They look very cute. Each piece is like a piece of art. I am coming back  to try out the brunch with my hubby for Valentine's day.Not crazy about the bone marrow but the mash potato and mushrooms are great. Oh salad are amazing too.
4	Easily the best buffet on the Strip. Was a little surprised at the number of options for dinner, I just was expecting more - but everything was delicious! The redeeming factor for Wicked Spoon was the desserts! The gelato, cake pops, and chocolate covered strawberries were to die for. The wait staff was also incredibly attentive. You've got to check out this buffet if you can only go to one.
3	***This was my first visit to a Las Vegas buffet in over 5 years; I had the breakfast buffet at Wicked Spoon (in The Cosmopolitan) and the quality varied with some items being surprisingly good while the majority of food was in the decent to mediocre range (a few of the items were below average)***In terms of Las Vegas buffets, I've only been to the Bellagio Buffet and that was just for breakfast.  Wicked Spoon in The Cosmopolitan became my second trip to a Vegas buffet (also for breakfast).  This trip though yielded both breakfast and lunch and dinner items (I do not remember the Bellagio Buffet offering many dinner items at breakfast, but that was a long time ago).There were a wide variety of lunch and dinner items.  There were several stations I did not try like the sushi and Chinese food.  I did try some more of their New American offerings though.  All of it was kind of just okay.  The crispy chicken wings were crunchy and crispy and well seasoned, but they had been sitting around too long.  The duck confit ravioli was not bad, but it was really kind of a just okay flavor--heavy and not that interesting of a cream sauce.  The beef short rib was decent--moist and tender.  The tri-tip (sliced to order) was just okay.In terms of breakfast, their selection was impressive.  They had several breakfast pastries, breads and muffins available.  Some looked better than others.  The pain au chocolat was not bad for a breakfast buffet.There was also a good number of cold items from fresh fruit to several salads.  For more heartier breakfast items, Wicked Spoon had about every dish you would expect to find at one of those all-day breakfast places.  There were many egg dishes (as well as eggs made to order), pancakes, French toast, and several breakfast meat offerings.The breakfast meats stood out the most.  There were two kinds of bacon.  The first was crispy strips of bacon (piled up in a traditional buffet serving dish).  For breakfast buffet bacon, this was pretty good.  The bacon was crispy but not burnt and there was a decent meaty chew.  There was also a smoked bacon that they sliced to order, which had a meatier and more tender feel to it (closer to braised pork belly than traditional breakfast bacon).The chicken apple sausage was good--moist and nicely seasoned with a decent amount of spice.The French toast was also good--light and fluffy (with a good flavor).  The pancakes were fine.The eggs Benedict was just okay.  The hollandaise sauce was too thick and the meat was thickly shaved ham as opposed to Canadian bacon.  I also tried an omelet made to order and it was not that good.  It was not that fluffy and the cheese was not melted at all.In addition to their many savory offerings at breakfast, Wicked Spoon also offers a wide variety of desserts.  There were cakes, housemade marshmallows, chocolate molten cakes (though not that molten), and gelato.  The flavors of the gelato were very good--a nice caramel and a distinct pistachio flavor.  The gelato was creamy and smooth but a tad too soft.Service was okay.  The staff was quick with getting drink orders in, but they were kind of slow in taking away plates.The price was right around $25.  I think that is about what you would expect to pay at breakfast buffets at similar Las Vegas hotels.The dining room is comfortable enough though I remember the Bellagio Buffet having more booth seating.The Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet offers a great variety of food for breakfast.  Some of their offerings (like their breakfast meats) are quite good, but most items fall in the just okay or maybe slightly below average range.  Still, if you like buffets because of the great amount of choice they offer, Wicked Spoon seems like a good option.I know The Cosmopolitan offers free valet parking.  I think this hotel also offers free self parking.
4	I do have to downgrade. Here are my reasons: The buffet is not that well organized. Sausage and bacon is nowhere near the egg station. Pastas are strewn about the joint. Nothing is really in a collection except for the fruits and salad and cheese sections. Service was not that great the last time I went. Yes it was busy, but I would appreciate a refill on my OJ here and there. The food is still good and a good value for all the culinary explorations here, but I wouldn't give it 5 stars again.
4	definitely my favorite buffet thus far. the first time i went was for dinner and there wasnt a single thing i didn't like. the second time i went was also for dinner and the staff didn't really seem like that had it together. some of their stations were low on food and didn't really seem like it would have been restocked any time soon. i'm not sure if it was a two hour time difference or just an off day, but the food that i did eat was still good.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here after reading an amazing article about it online. The food was good for a buffet but nothing more. It wasn't the worst or the best Vegas buffet I've encountered. The $20 bottles of wine were awesome, just perfect for an all you can eat buffet. If you don't finish it you can take it to go! The service was good, above average for a buffet. Worth a trip but not my absolute favorite.
2	Ahh, Wicked Spoon, the overly hyped buffet in the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. Everything "looks" like it'll be wonderful, but trust a fellow Yelp Elite.. LOOKS CAN BE, AND IN THIS CASE, ARE, DECEIVING. *disclaimer: My bf and I are not food snobs, we just know the difference between food with great ingredients versus food without. I came to Vegas expecting to gain at least 1-2 pounds, yet I returned home disappointed. How could a buffet fail at making me gain weight?! I'll tell you why. The boyfriend (a chef in the bay area) and I decided to go to this establishment, despite his coworker's warning that most of the Las Vegas buffets are horrible. Of course, my stubborn self persisted, and to my disappointment, I ended up completely unhappy with the food. It was $40 a person for dinner on a Sunday evening. For that price, I was hoping to taste mediocre to decent food. The Asian station was a complete fail. The ramen was the only thing I was able to finish. The Thai fried rice was plain, the sushi was horrible (no surprise there - buffet sushi), and the meat/vegetable dishes were just bad. This was the first station I tried, and already I had a bad feeling it was not going to be any better. The fried chicken was horrible because the crispy outer part was overly salty, while the chicken meat itself was super bland. The mushroom risotto was totally not balanced, and tasted completely like mushroom, nothing else to balance the flavor. The duck confit ravioli was dry and lacked enough cheese to balance the duck inside. It was very dry and bland in my mouth. My boyfriend said the korean ribs were burnt and had no flavor, and he picked the freshest ones! The crab legs were good, but they were not seasoned and you had to flavor them yourselves.. so that is kind of a given. The only good things I enjoyed were the breads and desserts. I thought the caramelized onion pizza was yummy, as were the random breads from the bread station. The gelato was decent. The mango flavored macaroon was pretty bad. The service at this place was pretty good, we were often checked up on. The service is what saves this review from being a one star... something I rarely give. If you want to go ahead and still visit The Wicked Spoon after reading this review, you must either a.) enjoy finding the silver lining b.) have messed up taste buds, that or none at all (:P) You have been warned! Le boyfriend and I have decided to no longer try out or visit any Las Vegas buffets in the future. Yep. It was that serious. ::sad face::
1	One Star because although I spent rest of the day worrying about it, I didn't throw up or get diarrhea.Was there 2weeks ago. After 4+ hours of driving from Venice to Las Vegas I was far too tired to go to my beloved Grand Lux Cafe, so I said what the heck, let's get a nice buffet and famish ourselves. Big mistake. For 40$ per person there are MANY nice places you can eat in Las Vegas good quality food. The food here was mediocre, bland, cold, tasteless. All ingredients felt low quality and the food simply did not sit well in our stomachs. Had to overdose on those Sprite Zeroes to restore some semblance  of peace  in my stomach. Save your money and go somewhere where you will actually enjoy the food.
4	Absolutely delightful. The Wicked Spoon Buffet serves their food in a way that doesn't make you feel like you're at a buffet. Their presentation is beautiful. Individual servings on small plates, in little cast irons, and all that jazz. Now for the food: everything I tried was amazing. Flavorful and delicious. Their salads, veggies, and meat are all cooked in a way that seems like it's meant for a sit down restaurant. The mac and cheese was really good :) OH an the deserts were really good too. Chocolate covered strawberries...? Who doesn't love 'em.
5	Wicked Spoon may just be my fave buffet on the Vegas strip so far... It's located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, and of course because of its location has a very trendy and chic feel to it. Like most buffets, this buffet is organized by cuisine --  salad, Chinese cuisine, sushi, pasta/pizza, and carvery items, but there is so much more to it than what most other buffets offer! Not only do they have your basics but they have a lot of specialty dishes like Kalbi ribs, pork belly buns, gnocchi, risotto, pork loin, beef stews, seared fish, even stations for noodle soups!! All the items are beautifully plated onto smaller cups/bowls/plates/dishes so that you can just grab and go! I think this is a great idea, because you really get the sense of detail the chefs put into their dishes and it really cuts down food waste. I know $30 sounds a bit steep for a lunch buffet, but honestly you won't find a better deal than that in Vegas... so why not spend it somewhere worthwhile? I've tried a few other buffets, and I think it's safe to say that Wicked Spoon is my favorite.
4	I came here on a Sunday for Brunch and It was pretty fancy buffet. Be prepared to wait in a line. Their mimosas were really good. Only thing I wished they had a better selection, some stuff did not look attracting except their pastries all look tasty. Or maybe I just did not have a appetite because I was hungover....
5	The Wicked Spoon Buffet is simply amazing. All kinds of food are available to you, and the desserts are pretty delicious too. If you're on the strip, this buffet is definitely worth a trip to!
4	One of the better buffets in Vegas. The pricing is very reasonable. I keep coming back everytime I come to Vegas
4	This buffet is a culinary delight. I didn't think that was possible but here it is. And I agree with others that the portions are excellent. Lots of yummy dishes and great desserts! Standouts were the hand-made pastas and their meat sauces, the mac and cheese station, and the grits. I loved the chocolate cones, topped with chocolate (and I'm not a chocolate fan).I stayed away from the Asian food, after reading other reviews, and unfortunately the leg of lamb was dry. There were only 2 cooked veggie dishes -- that were not very good. But the Wicked Spoon more than makes up for it with an enormous selection of other dishes to feast on.If you are looking for exquisite meat and carbs, you are in the right place!
5	Beautiful interior, attentive waitstaff, and oodles of well-kept, well-stocked food stations.  I wasn't prepared to be as impressed as I was, but the pretty food -- yes, pretty! -- kept on calling my name and encouraging me to have *just* a little more.  I enjoyed everything I sampled: prime rib, kalbi, sushi, veggies, pasta....I didn't find anything overcooked or undercooked.  The desserts were also good, which was actually a relief.  Too often, I find that desserts at a buffet LOOK amazing, but fall short on taste.  Not here, at least to my tastebuds.  Weekday lunch to dinner turnover starts at 2pm, so don't expect more food to be brought out to the stations after 2pm (for lunch, that is).
3	3.5 stars. Decided to have brunch here before hitting the road - $32 for sunday lunch. It was about 10.30am in the morning and already there was a line. Unfortunately with a slight hangover i couldn't eat a lot. The variety was pretty good - breakfast bar, omelette station, taco bar, a large meat section, italian pasta and pizza, japanese, dessert etc. I have to say the fried chicken was pretty wicked. If those guys went out and opened a fried chicken shop I think they'd be successful. The lamb was pretty good too and I enjoyed the pasta and dessert. I just wished I could have eaten more.
4	I came here with 8 people in our party an hour before lunch ended, and man, the line was pretty darn long even though it was almost 3pm.I've been to Wynn Buffet and the the Bacchanal Buffet, and I'd rank it #2/#3 side by side next to Wynn. Even though we arrived there pretty late into the afternoon, all the main entrees were still available till a certain time. It was pretty darn good. But, I got to say their desserts are the BEST. The line for the desserts was the longest, but it was well worth it when I had their gelato assortments! Yummy to the tummy!Oh, and the service was a bit slow (taking our plates). It might've been because our party had 8 people, but then again, there weren't that many people eating by the time we were there. Meh.
5	Wow this was some next level stuff. Every dish is quality and a lot of them are world class and you get to choose which one(s) you want! I actually loathe buffets but I would come back to this one again!!!
3	Was not impressed....sadly the food did look better than it tasted imho. However this review would be for saturday morning brunch buffet I guess...or if this was their standard lunch buffet for the weekend...I really wished I spent the $37.88 elsewhere.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZINGFood quality: 5/5The food is impeccable. It all tastes amazing and they have such a wide selection of food. I started with some high class salads, not just your normal Caesar and Chinese Chicken salad. I also got some deviled eggs, made myself a charcuterie plate with some great select cheeses and some preeemium meats. I then had some prime rib with bone marrow and a char siu bao (pork bun). The waiter was even nice enough to bring me out some mac n cheese when they didn't have any. To finish, I had some Salty Peanut Caramel gelato (they have gelato!).Customer service: 5/5They are the nicest people there. The waiter made sure we had our drinks filled at all times and when I asked him if they had any or were planning on making any mac and cheese, he went and asked and then told me they would specially make me some. How cool is that?? He brought it out within 10 minutes and it did not disappoint.Ambiance: 5/5Keeps up with the chic, modern theme of the rest of the hotel. It's not bright around the sitting area, but it's not dark. The food is all well lit and presented nicely (they had little miniature stainless steel pots for a lot of the dishes. I was super impressed with everything.Overall experience: 5/5
2	Sorry wicked spoon but I must say the experience was a let-down. Once is enough.=============Cons: Lamb was too gamey, I had to discreetly spit it out. Lamb looked good, I wish it tasted that way too but sadly the opposite. And I eat lamb all the time. but this one was no good.Bone marrow, another dish I wanted to like so badly but was a total fail. I guess they might have cooked it differently or more plainly that night but c'mon it was a Saturday night! Buffets are supposed to showcase their talents that time.Beef brisket with polenta: polenta was really good. beef not so much. it was dry and tasteless. gnocchi with lamb ragu: boring, blandFor a Saturday night, their food selection was sparse, I saw a lot of dead space on the food displays. The dessert selection was FAR from what I saw in one of the pictures. Only the top two layers of the display had dessert on it.===============Pros:Prime rib: tender flavorful moistmashed  potatoes: best i ever tastedtruffle scalloped potatoes: loved it but i wish it wasnt too fillingchicken wings: just rightceviche: so-so but i ate 2 servings of this mainly to clean my palate somewhatpistacchio gelato and salted caramel vanilla gelato: heavenlyService: the best buffet service=================I wanted to like this place but after thinking about my overall experience, there's a reason why, for a Saturday night, there were no lines anywhere in this buffet. Most of the items I liked were side dishes and dessert and the Cons I experienced were dishes that were supposed to be those center-stage.  For the value of your money, it's not worth it. The decor was nice and the food looked nice but you can't eat these things and you're in a buffet, you come here to eat your heart out. I wish they'd spend more time improving the taste of all their dishes instead of the decor. Next time I'll hit the Bacchanal instead.
5	I have been to most every Buffet in Vegas including the one at the Wynn.  This is the best by far.  Went there for diner.  Everything was well prepared and tasty.  The food and variety where excellent.  Service was great.  Want to go back for brunch the next time.
2	I read many reviews before coming here and it seemed great especially the bone marrow because I love bone marrow especially in soups, but when I arrived the food did taste that good and their dessert section was not impressive. Maybe because I came on a weekday rather then a weekend but I did not find their food very tasty. There was some good items out there like the prime rib and bone marrow but for a buffet that's suppose to serve outstanding dishes, this place fell flat.
4	Just tried Wicked Spoon and was pleasantly surprised. There were just so many mixed reviews that I didn't know what to expect. A major plus was that there was no line when we went at 6:45pm on a Friday evening. The restaurant was about 60% full when we arrived and 85% full when we left, but even when we left at around 8, there still wasn't a line. Having waited an hour and a half at Bacchanal during a previous trip, I can say I was very happy that we didn't have to wait at all at Wicked Spoon.The good:- Prime rib. Amazing. And unlike Bacchanal, they actually have horseradish.- Service was great. Everyone was friendly, which is more than I can say about a certain meat carver at Bacchanal.- The desserts were delicious. The thai tea gelato was wonderful, the molten chocolate cake was yummy, and nearly everything else was commendable.- They have a make-your-own-risotto station. I've never heard of anything like it, and it was actually surprisingly good.The bad:- I was hoping that everyone's hating on the macarons was exaggerated. But while nicely decorated, the macarons were the single most awful thing at Wicked Spoon. The cookies were clearly overbaked, and it just didn't taste right. =(- The scalloped potatoes were not done correctly.While the selection at Wicked Spoon does not have the breadth or the depth of Bacchanal, I actually prefer Wicked Spoon. The experience was better, and I was not let down even a little bit. Additionally, as Wicked Spoon is $40/person for dinner, it made for a better deal than Bacchanal, which is $50.
3	The strength of this restaurant is the decor. The place is really a work of art and perfectly suits the hotel in which it's housed. I came here twice around Christmas 2012. The line can be quite long, but comparable to Bellagio or Caesars Palace. The price was also comparable to the other buffets as well. I saw a lot of other Asians (Chinese and Koreans) in line, which is usually an indicator of a good deal.The dessert bar was great and the gelato was the best I've had in Las Vegas/Boston/New York/Vancouver.The food itself was inconsistent between the two days. On busier days, they seem to have problems keeping up. The Korea BBQ ribs were excellent on the first trip, but was conspicuously missing on the second visit. The sushi was not great at this place. The portions of the food such as the duck ravioloi were small but very well done. I felt they made the plates purposely heavy to limit the customers' carrying capacity :(Overall, a good experience. Come for the dessert and decor.
5	My boyfriend and I were craving a buffet and i wanted to try a new buffett since i have been to a lot of them being from Vegas. I searched on google for best buffets and Wicked Spoon topped the list and you know what i have to agree.  We walked in and I paid it was a little pricey with 2 buffets and $16 tip it was $100 but WELL worth it. There wasnt any crappy cheap meats or frozen food here.  It was gourmet from the bone marrow and fish to lamb duck and a ton of desserts, lots of separate dishes at each station instead of one big huge catering dish to dig into.  The service was good. it wasnt packed and we stuffed ourselves silly with great food. I will definately be back my favorite was the sundried tomato mashed potatoes. yummmm
2	One times good enough here!Went here Sat 2/16/13 for Brunch $38 a personThe commercial on the Hotel TV makes this place look like a small plate food adventure which it's not...Seated at 2:15pm after a fairly short 15 minute wait to get in, which is towards end of Brunch serviceEveryone else on yelp has given details whats included in price, drinks, etc...So heres what I'm reporting.Bad:The prime rib was almost tough as shoe leather, and this was on a thin slice, there were only 3 bone marrow piecesleft at the butcher block, that were dried and had no bone marrow, I asked butcher for more,  they said  were "all gone" The Angry Mac and Cheese was good for a few bitesThe Korean Ribs had good sauce but seemed low chinese fast food quality meatThe plates were stacked up after 3 trips to buffet before they picked them up.Also you keep the same untencils for the entire meal.A small Crab cake was in bottom of a small bowl covered in salad and drenched in oil.Great:Eggs Benedict was Great!!! Sauce and egg were poached perfect for my liking.Deserts were good and looks like everyone was enjoying what was left in their selection, some things weren't there when you went back due to next shift coming in.The salad items were  very good!Host staff was very friendly.My server was fast with setting me up with water and juices at the beginning of meal.Bottom line:I'm not going back to this one...The friends I ate with ranked them in the $20 range of value for a buffet.and complained about the meat quality.I'm going back to the Belagio or Wynn next time...
5	I went to the Breakfast Buffet on Saturday, 2/16/13; while my family and I were in Vegas.  We ALL were in awe of the selection, quality and quantity.  Some reviewers are stating they paid less than us, but the price is $38 per person.  I hope Cosmo doesn't read this; as they can charge MORE for this treat!  The staff was terrific.  However, we would've like some more plate clearing help.The food was so exciting and the portions were "sample" size and perfect for a brunch sitting.  I hate to waste food and only take what I might eat, so I loved the smaller portions.  I was able to try a variety of dishes that I would not normally imbibe.I read the other reviews on here, but everyone one has a different experience.  Our beef stew was so moist, delicious and succulent.   My sister is a chef and was admiring some of their unique dishes and presentations.Their dessert selection is amazing.  I had to take pictures, while we had assortments on our plates, as they are pure art (to see and eat:))THANK YOU ,Cosmo, for having such a wonderful locale!
4	Great presentation of food! Very imaginative and creative with a LARGE array of different cuisine! We each had about 3 plates and were overly satisfied with everything to choose from! If you are heading to vegas, you have to hit this place up!
4	The Wicked Spoon is by far my favorite hotel/casino buffet.I'm a sucker for miniature small things in their own little packages.  The little pots, pans, and plates are just adorable! Beyond the food presentation and aesthetics though, the food is high quality for a buffet and actually quite tasty. The location of the buffet is kind of odd though, but the whole Cosmopolitan is kind of odd.  I just remember it took a lot of walking to get to, but it was definitely worth it.  We went around 6-7PM on a weeknight and the wait wasn't long at all, probably less than 5 minutes.We opted for the wine special that night to compliment our dinner.  The selection was adequate for a buffet; I mean, it's a buffet.  Our plates were cleared promptly and the service was attentive and cordial.  Oh, and they had bone marrow. YUM.I would definitely go back and whenever out-of-towners ask which buffet to go to, I always recommend Wicked Spoon.  Everyone has their own favorite, but this buffet is mine.Date night seal of approval!
5	Went here with my buddy who had 2 free comps for the breakfast buffet.The service was excellent!The food was as good as it gets in Vegas! They had everything for breakfast in "tapas" style servings (small portion). I really like the atmosphere and the food was really good.Our server told us that the Wicked Spoon buffet makes all the food from scratch and not already pre-made and then put in warmers like other buffets.The water on the table was first sold at $5 a bottle for something like 5 stage filtered water, but now it comes with the buffet and is very clean tasting water. Probably the best I've had.Overall this is a 2 thumbs up Buffet! Give it a try!
5	Best buffet I've had. Came here for breakfast on a Saturday.  Bottomless mimosas, champagne or Bloody Mary's (and you can mix them up) for $9 extra was completely worth it, and the waitress brought us two rounds at a time, plus gave us to-go cups. Food was amazing as well.
3	I'm not sure what all the hype is about here. Yes they have a large selection (and tons of desserts), but the food quality and variety is somewhat random and not spectacular. I did not have a chance to try dinner here, but brunch left much to be desired. The omelet bar is nice to have, but the line was extremely long! I figured I would miss my meeting if I waited in line. Instead, I opted for the premade items. I would say the only outstanding items were the Kale Salad the Hash Browns (I have no idea how they prepare those potatoes, but let me tell you, they are amazing! They aren't greasy at all).The buffet was especially pricey on President's Day Weekend as well. I was expecting much more. Overall, I would say avoid the buffets in Vegas. While the idea is cool, none of them delivered or met my expectations.
3	Wicked spoon is more expensive than the buffet at the Wynn but is it better? I guess that's for your opinion... for me no. The food ranged from Asian, French, Italian, Japanese,  North American and Northern Thai inspired dishes. I tired a little of everything and wasn't too impressed with the selection. The risotto  I had was cold, and though it was spinach based the flavors didn't go well together. Though the Thai fried rice was excellent, light, and flavorful. For desert I tried a small chocolate raspberry desert topped with gold leaf which was fair, and a small dish of nutella gelato; both were really good.  The sad part about dining here is the lackluster prepared meat dishes, I dined a lot through my 3 day stay in LV, and while eating here I can only recall the cold risotto, and thai fried rice.... 3 stars.... Visit The Buffet at The Wynn.
3	Not many places are worth an hour and a half wait (in line), but Wicked Spoon is.Yeah there will be a ridiculous wait. First you'll have to wait in line to pay (about 45 minutes) and then when you're all stoked that you get to eat....there's another line to be seated (another 45 minutes). And the entire time you see people rolling out of the restaurant. Too stuffed to walk. The price was just under $40, not cheap, but well worth it. You can also upgrade to bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's for a few extra bucks.   So this isn't your run of the mill buffet. This buffet is whats up! It is a perfect hangover cure because it has got everything you could imagine. All sorts of brunch items (my personal favorites were the french toast and eggs Benedict). There were also vast quantities of bomb meats, chicken. pasta (the gnocchi was just wow), sea food, ...everything damnit! The service was a bit slow the day I went, but apparently they had understaffed that day. The waitress was also super nice and really apologetic. The weakest link were the desserts. The assortment wasn't great. The best part was probably the thai tea gelato. Which was crazy good.
3	MEH.I don't understand the hype about this place. Yes, the food is super cute (mini baskets of fried chicken) but what's more important than presentation? The taste! The food here was so bland and subpar. Unimpressed. Go to Bacchanal.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Granted I haven't been to EVERY single one... but based it deserves it because of the food!The first time I went I actually got there right BEFORE it reopened for dinner... aka very short line! When it did open (which was in like 5 minutes), we got seated in another 5 minutes. So that was awesome :)This place could even get 5 stars... but I'll play it safe and give it 4 because there are a few key "cons..." even though I think the pros WAY outweigh the cons.Pros:I love the plating and presentationDesserts are on pointVEAL SLIDERS-- I could not stop eating these. I think I had 4 (which is a lot for a buffet)SHRIMP & GRITS-- They were served in the cutest little mini pots. I LOVE shrimp and grits and they had some of the best I've had!Cons:Long wait-- as long as it's less than hour it'll be worth itPricey-- most well-known buffets are priceySmaller selection of food-- but the taste and quality of each food they DO have is amazing.
1	I really wanted to like Wicked Spoon.  Honestly, I love the concept of small plates and having a plethora of things to try.However, I don't know if it's because I went on a Saturday afternoon at 1:00 pm with the brunch closing at 3 pm and there was an hour long wait, or that it didn't seem like the were refilling the food as it ran out because brunch would be closing in an hour by the time we got in there, or that the service was TERRIBLE (my mom had to bus all the plates and the server completely avoided our table as if we had the plague);In fact, the service was SO BAD that we had to ask another server for a refill on drinks, however all she did was tell our server who scurried away and didn't bring refills of the drinks.  I get that the buffet is busy, and that the staff is overworked, but even with all of that, there is no excuse for the terribleness of the service.The food was good, however it is not worth the hour wait or the price.  Also there was no seafood area so it was slightly more limited in selection than i expected given how everyone hyped up this buffet.Thanks, but no thanks.
3	Came back here after 5 months but for dinner this time and I have to bump them up 1 star because food was a lot better (still not great but heaps better than lunch last time). Finally got to try the bone marrow and it was mmm mmm good! You get to sprinkle your own salt on top so you can flavor it to your own liking.The macaroons and gelato are still dessert favorites!
1	My expectations were too high... :(I just kept thinking... Wicked Spoon... so amazing sounding... must be so amazing with the way everyone marvels about the presentation and the styles of food available. Wicked Spoon was at the top of my list and while I enjoyed the route from one end to the other (my friend did not have the same amused appreciation), there was not much else worthy to claim 5 stars about. I think I paid something around $40-45 for a weekend meal. It was so expensive and the little eats that were supposed to be so fantastically orgasmic were average, at best.  I can't really think of anything that really stood out to what I would come back specifically for. I'm trying really hard to sum up some nice thoughts about this place but besides the decor, there wasn't anything really awesome... And I really had to use the bathroom after I ate... my belly did not feel right or well.
5	I've only been to one other buffet on the strip (wynn) and this one blows it out of the water.  if you're thinking about going here... just go!  you won't regret it!
4	I came here for lunch last weekend. It was my first time there and the line didn't look too bad when we came around 12 for brunch. What we didn't realize that there was another line you stand in after you pay to get seated. My party was originally a party of 10 so we thought that if we split up our group we would be able to find a table quicker. FALSE it was actually much faster for us to get seated because they only had tables for parties of 10 available. The only catch was we had to pay 18% gratuity which wasn't a problem. The cashier was very nice and helped us figure everything out and let us all split our checks. We got seated 5-10mins after paying. The food was pretty freaking good even though I wasn't feel well I enjoyed most of my food. Next time I'm in town I'm definitely coming again but for dinner. The only thing that I didn't like was that at most buffets they have a lot of bus boys/bus girls who come by and take away our plates. It wasn't really like that here. We had so much stuff that wasn't take away stacked on top of each other. The funny thing was that we were seated next to the place where they put plates but no one came to our table.
4	This place is Phenomenal!!! Everything was to die for, nothing like any buffet food before. A foodie's heaven! A must stop for every future Vegas trip for me:) no line for us either...SCORE  Mac n cheese bar Korean kalbi ribs salted caramel peanut ice cream I could go on forever!
3	This place deserves 3.5 stars.  They do a lot more adventurous things than most buffets would, and they deserve credit for it. I mean, how many buffets have bone marrow or cow tongue as even an option as a star dish?  The standard buffet fare was slightly disappointing, with the Asian and pizza options being underwhelming.  Don't discount this as a negative review, as far as a buffet goes this place is totally legit.  I will be back.
5	Family of 4, and we all absolutely loved it. We got there at 4:30 on a Saturday, and got in line to wait for it to open at 5:00. There was already a line. We paid before 5, $41 each for adults, and $15 for children under 12 (which was a major win for us. My 10 year old went for the duck, lamb, crab, sushi, etc.) and were seated at 5, on the nose. Our waiter was friendly and prompt. I started at the salad bar. I had roasted beet salad, bread salad, prosciutto and amazing cheese, caprese salad, and a few other things. Everything was fresh, prepared well, and tasty.From there, I went to the Asian section and had a spicy tuna roll, soup, Chinese BBQ ribs, and a little beef with broccoli. While I understand some people loved the small plates/small pots etc., I did not. I wanted a taste, and there were a few things I simply didn't want to eat that much of.  From there, I went to the Italian section. The two highlights of the night were found there - Duck Ravioli, which was melt in your mouth incredible, and Asiago Gnocchi with Lamb Ragu. Uh.Maze.Ing. From there, American and French sections. I had the beef tongue shepard's pie (would have loved a bite of it verses the small pot. I was stuffed) and it was really good. A few other dishes including sweet potatoes, creamed spinach.My 3 guys had prime rib, roasted pork, and they all loved it. My oldest teen is a sea food lover and had the shrimp cocktail and several crab legs. He loved them.  And then the desserts. Oh my word, the desserts. We all got different things, and tried bites of each. The pecan tart, The Opera Cake, and several others. Everything was a hit. Seeing people give it one star just blows my mind. Having eaten at some of the finest dining restaurants in Las Vegas, I simply do not understand. We all agreed it was expensive, but worth every penny. We are locals, and while getting to the Cosmo is an absolute nightmare, and the price is high, we will definitely be back.
3	Decided to give this place a try since I was on the strip that night. This place is beautiful I have to admit. The food looks really good as well but that's about it. Everything tasted blah. Too oily too salty no taste, since I was starving I had to eat something or else I would have just left. Service is average. Definitely not worth the money I wish I had gone elsewhere!
4	YUMMY! I recommend coming before or after the lunch rush because then you'll have to wait for a long time for a seat. Wicked spoon is one of those mandatory vegas food stops you must make for a complete experience!Macaroons are heavenly...
5	Waw! A huge and various buffet for a democratic price in the heart of Las Vegas! Sweet or salty, hot or cold, american, european or asian...everybody will find his own taste. Don't miss the Mimosa for a real Brunch. Can't wait to go back there...
5	Endless kalbi and bubbly... perfection.Go early on the weekends, though, or you'll have to wait forever for that perfect kalbi and bubbly.
4	Just went to Vegas and stayed at the Cosmopolitan with three of my girlfriends this weekend. Vegas isn't a totally regular occurrence for us so we decided that, despite the fact that we weren't all that hungry Saturday night, we just HAD to suck it up and try the Wicked Spoon.Before I get to the food...let me just say, I have no idea why the most glorious secret in the world isn't posted in these reviews. Maybe no one knows about it? Maybe it's new? Maybe it's just this once or maybe people just want to cling to this secret but I feel like everyone should know. So the normal entry price to the buffet is $40+ a person. However, for $18 a person (yes $18), you can do the To-Go option. This entails getting a large to- go box and a drink. The great part about the to-go box is that you get to take it into the buffet and fill it up all the way until your heart is content. Once you are done piling things on (remember, the lid doesn't have to close) you go back to the front and they give you your to-go bag, your drinks and your utensils. Voila! Best money saving technique of all time.The great part of this deal is also that you can taste test little parts on your plate while waiting to get to certain food areas. This method worked amazingly since we would pile 5-6 things on and be able to add things that we wanted more of or things we didn't yet have. Start with the softer foods and then work towards your denser proteins, fruits, and lastly desserts. The make your own risotto or mac n cheese bar is totally worth the wait, so go ahead and get some snacking food for the line because you can not leave without it. Warning...there are no vegetables at buffets. I know it sounds naive to say but all I wanted was some broccoli after these carb binge days in Vegas and I got nada. Pile on the desserts last! Luckily most of the desserts come in their own little plastic cups or are actually made out of chocolate cups! Can't tell you what it was exactly but the tiny cone waver with chocolate mousse inside was delicious. The cake pops and other desserts were delicious as well (really more beautiful than anything!) Stock up on those little white rice boxes as well, great munchie food for after the clubs or a late night out. I would definitely recommend hitting up this buffet and more so taking advantage of this sparsely discussed deal!
4	Agree with everyone on yelp; this is the only buffet you should go to on the strip.  We went for breakfast and ate so much, I made myself sick.  Dang, this ruined me for the next couple of days.  Though we were eating breakfast, they had a stack of short ribs on a grill that I couldn't resist and that was my doom, just couldn't stop.  Though we didn't try everything on the buffet, you can't go wrong hereThere is one bad thing we will not try again and that's the Bloody Mary and the Mimosa.  No flavor and probably the worst we had in Vegas
1	Why does this buffet get so many good reviews? It's terrible.  Everything is portioned out into small portions and the food is mostly cold. Here's an example: cocktail shrimp are put in tiny cups and they put two tiny shrimp in each cup.  I eat about 20 cocktail shrimp at a Vegas buffet, so you can imagine what that looked like.  Also, the bone marrow had turned into a gelatin.  As if bone marrow wasn't gross enough.The only redeeming quality is that there's gelato.  Yippee?  For $40 at dinner I should have just gone to Ruth Chris.
4	I'm definitely impressed!For an extra $10ish you can add on unlimited mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys for the Sunday brunch! Yes please, it pays for itself in 2 drinks! (I drank 4) Only bad thing is, I drank on an empty stomach and didn't feel at all buzz or drunk, so it means there's barely any alcohol in the Bloody Mary's! Still a great deal though!I suggest you try the korean short ribs, prime rib, eggs benedict, crab cakes, bone marrow, and their delicious desserts (mmmm chocolate covered strawberries!)! All their options were unique and really tasty. Their desserts have great options (except fresh fruit they need more) Definitely beats the Bellagio!
5	Wicked Spoon was wicked delicious and by far is my current FAVORITE brunch buffet in Vegas. After eating at the Wynn, Caesar's Palace, and Bellagio I can honestly say that the food at Wicked Spoon is fresher/more delicious and the presentation top notch. We will definitely be back!
5	Excellent customer service. Lamb and Bone marrow was delicious. you can get your crab legs steamed while you wait. My kids loved the atmosphere and of course the ice cream section was their favorite.
3	I ate here for breakfast and it was good. I gave it 3 stars since I gave Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's 4 stars and I believe they are a full star ahead of Wicked doing essentially the same thing. Wicked may have originated the "tapas" look buffet but Caesar's has improved on it. That being said this was still a very good meal with nice variety and some innovative dishes. It was a good value at $25 but for an extra buck I would go to Caesar's.
4	A great mix of very flavorful and unusual buffet foods. Great attitude, excellent table service and presentation.  I recommend going on a weekend as the food seems to sit a bit longer on weekdays.
4	The Wicked Spoon features an incredible selection of fairly refined dining food. Came in around 7pm in a party of 7. There was a 15 minute wait time. Finding this place in the hotel was a journey in itself.Non-alcoholic beverages are included in the price, $43 for dinner. Stations are spread out linearly. It takes quite awhile to work your way from one side of the buffet to the other, which just goes to show how extensive the selection was.What I tried (or at least what i remember trying)Bone marrow - kinda bland, tastes like fatFried Chicken - nice baskets, skin could have been crispier, a little soggy but still goodSweet potatoesShort ribs - extremely tender and flavorfulShrimp CocktailDuck Confit RavioliFried CalamariSalmon with Lentil salad - Excellent, perfectly cookedSheperd's Pie - TastyCrab LegsShrimp and GritsRisotto - blandCeviche - bleh, not a fanSushi - bleh, rice sucksSchwarma - not good, pita with chicken was drySloppy JoesBlood Orange SherbertMacaronsThai Tea GelatoI liked how they served many of their dishes in individualized serving containers. It helped keep my food separate from each other when stacking everything on my plate. I managed to clear off 4 solid plates and was stuffed to the brim afterwards. I'll definitely be back whenever I visit Vegas again.
2	LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART IIOn the day of the Pacquiao-Marquez III fight my friend won $60 at Caesars Palace. He treated me here for lunch. Waited too long in line as we were in line from 10:30 AM to 1:00PM. They have a lot of varieties of foods. However the signature bone marrow dish is only serve at dinner. After eating here I felt bloated throughout the day. Because of the long wait in line I also felt rushed because my friend and I still had to go to Monte Carlo to purchase closed caption tickets for Pacquiao-Marquez III. Next time if I ever go here to eat I'll go for dinner to try the bone marrow.
4	Awesome selection and loved the variety. Korean bbq was the bomb as well as the bacon. the desert  area was more than anyone could imagine. defiantly worth the long walk trough the cosmo.
3	I was so excited to go to Wicked Spoon but left with a little bit of a disappointment.  I knew what the prices were for all the buffets in LV prior to attending and even read a ranking of the top #10 buffets in LV.  But, the price really was the disappointment...the price of this buffet...$35 for breakfast/brunch.  I thought there was an eclectic mix of food but I've been to Cravings at The Mirage and I remember the choices were MUCH more in variety than Wicked Spoon even though Wicked Spoon was ranked higher than Cravings.  Wicked Spoon had some interested concoctions of food and cute displays but I did not think it was worth $35 and neither did the person with me.  There was no line on a Sunday at 9:00am, we got a table immediately and the place was pretty empty.  I got chicken wings in a small cute metal basket, baked spicy macaroni and cheese in a mini frying pan, a spicy broccoli rabe, mini pizza slices, apple chicken sausage, Indian flavored cauliflower, and a couple of different desserts which I enjoyed more than the actual food.  They had sushi, Chinese Food, omelet station, and some other things that I thought were a little too hard to eat at 9:00am in the morning.  For dessert I had tiramisu in a chocolate cup, peach cobbler in a mini metal frying pan, gingerbread cake (it was a little hard, probably frozen and thawed out) with eggnog frosting and little pomegranate berries, chocolate marshmallow and white fudge.  My bf got the sweet potato flan and boy was that good!  They also had a nice mix of ice cream flavors to pick from.  The waitress was good and she got me a tea.  The mug was huge and the tea bag was really cool and something that I don't think they have in stores in NY-very organic.  Would I got to Wicked Spoon again?  Yes, I'm willing to give it a second chance most likely for their dinner menu but next time check out a different breakfast buffet somewhere else.
4	Great buffet! The selection and uniqueness of foods here is great. We arrived at 10 on a Thursday for brunch. No wait and paid $52 for 2. We had everything from duck ravioli to sushi, eggs Benedict to Korean shortribs, caramelized onion and cheese hashbrowns, spicy Mac and cheese, fried chicken, bahn mi, espresso and lavender cheese... For desserts there were huge chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato, tiramisu, cheesecake, cake, marshmallows and more. The originality of this buffet really shows. It isn't your typical dishes that you find everywhere which we liked.
5	Are you kidding me? This buffet is ridiculous. I was hesitant when i saw the price but holy cow do you get your money's worth! I will definitely be back! I only wish I had two stomachs to fit all the options, I only made it through about half!
2	After over two years, I finally returned to Wicked Spoon. On my first visit, I wasn't a fan of the small plates concept, but on this occasion that was the least of my complaints. My friend was in town and wanted to try a buffet. We were leaning towards Bacchanal, but my fella insisted on giving Wicked Spoon another try since we weren't really in the mood to stand in a long line for dinner. We arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday and there was no line at all. I have to admit, this scared me off a bit. This is peak buffet-eating time and there was no line, it just didn't seem right. We paid and were seated within 2 minutes of arriving. Service was friendly, but we had to wait quite a bit of time to get drink orders in. On several occasions I had to ask other servers that were meandering around if we could order drinks and refills. After this coaxing our server did arrive and take our orders. We made sure to order refills as he was placing our drinks down after having to wait one too many times with nothing to drink. As a thirsty girl, that's a pet peeve of mine, keep those refills coming.The food wasn't too exciting either. I actually had a hard time deciding on anything. I wandered around around much longer than I usually do at buffets and ended up with the same things over and over. The only things I had any interest in eating were the kalbi and assorted veggies I found on the line.I don't see myself returning to this buffet any time soon. Definitely not worth the $40 price tag.
2	Came for lunch on Saturday around 1:30 pm and the line was really long. Paid $37 plus tax per person, which came out to $41. There were nine of us so they sat us at a banquet like round table. Dishes were not as good as they looked, it is more about presentation here. Exotics dishes such as duck raviloi and tea eggs. Some of the dishes are served in little pans and are small portions. Best dish IMO was the beef brisquette with mashed potatoes. Best dessert IMO was the black forest cheesecake. The worst part was that they started turning off the lights and putting food away at 3:00 pm on the dot, even though the cashier did not indicate to us that this would happen.
4	Thank you, Wicked Spoon:For having an inventive selection that we sampled and sampled and sampledFor having courteous staff that are attentive to each tableFor making us wish we didnt like chocolate so muchBrunch was worth every penny after waking up and walking the 6.5 miles of the entire strip - looking to fill our tummies- and we were delighted with each bite,Us
4	Yes, I'm a sucker for things that are cute and that is the reason why I'm a fan of the Wicked Spoon Buffet. The presentation of the food definitely appeals to me, everything is portioned off in its cute serving plates which makes picking your buffet items much more fun. The Hotel/Casino itself is very hip and trendy and I would love to come here again if and when I do buffet in Vegas.
4	We went to wicked spoon for the brunch buffet. $24 per person was a reasonable price for the quality of food! The eggs Benedict was really good, great bacon, fruit & yogurt parfait and French toast! The fried chicken and Mac & cheese were awesome. The dessert bar was excellent as well. Try the peanut butter & caramel gelato! Well worth the price, this buffet is really fancy.
4	Located inside the Cosmopolitan. Very nice and friendly staff. The food was excellent. I like how they sliced the king crab legs lengthwise. I tried almost everything there and stopped at plate number 8. Of all the buffets that I've been to in Sin City, this is in the top 5. Will come here again without hesitation.
4	Different style than just the typical Buffet very similar to Bacchanal buffet except  Bacchanal has more variety of choices.. But I liked it!
2	meh. the food looked a LOT better than it tasted. it's definitely better than aria's buffet, but for the price they're charging, it should be a helluva lot better.save your money and go to the M buffet.
4	Like their food presentations. Flavor is really good too! Their buffet spread is different than most buffets which I like.
5	We went there for brunch and it was AMAZING! We eat fish but not other meat and there was so many options. I loved the variety of dishes, my favorites were the kale salad, the gnocchi, the salmon, and of course the desserts. I was in heaven! The ambiance is beautiful too and the staff was very friendly.
4	Prime rib was probably the highlight of the buffet along with the dessert section.  Everyone loved the nutella gelato.  Peach cobbler was good but chocolate lava cake was disappointing.  The seafood selection could have been better.  The crab legs were really scrawny and cocktail shrimp was average.  the shrimp ceviche was unique and tasty.
5	Best buffet in Vegas!!!Took my sister here for her birthday...good food, good deserts well worth the price!!!
5	I've come here a few times now and I loved it.  Yes, there is a wait, but once you're in- it's so much fun!  I love the variety and the presentation of the food.  Everything is excellent quality and I seriously think half the fun is marveling at the presentation.  I highly recommend coming early to wait in line.
5	*THE* most amazing night at WickedSpoon:Birthday dinner for cousin, party of 7. Lucky to get Shirley, (already famous as one of WSpoon's 5-star servers). Entire buffet tonight = best quality I've ever experienced (frankly, that any of us have experienced at ANY OTHER buffet in town, incl. Wynn or Bacchanal - and I've lived here 8 years, and my family even longer). Chatted w/manager re: level of complete amazingness; met Executive Chef Cavaco, [promised to not reveal one of the coolest experiences we had - but OMG!]. Oh, and surprise bottle of champagne as a Happy Birthday. Unforgettable evening. Thank you, Nickolas, Shirley & Chef Cavaco!!!! Fabu, Wicked Spoon. From the super-staff to the seductive salads, from the perfectly-cooked crab legs, wild boar sliders, duck ravioli and custom risotto bar to the moist-beyond-belief cake balls, macarons and homemade marshmallows... whatever you're doing, please keep doing it! PS. Did you know they even have a mixed-drinks happy hour? At a buffet? How cool is that?
4	Wicked spoon used to be my favorite buffet in vegas. But the quality has gone down while the price came up. It is still one of my top choices, but  no longer deserves a 5 star.
5	The sexiest buffet I've ever been to, period. I mean, I understand that it's kind of weird describing food as 'sexy,' but honestly, this food is so damn attractive. And delicious. To take this a step further, I would pay the price of this buffet just to get at that dessert bar. Tiramisu, homemade marshmallows, handcrafted ice cream, fruit tarts... you name it; and I'm not even really a sweets person! There's no downside to this. When you hit up Vegas, make sure to drop by this place for dinner. I've tried a lot of the other buffets before and nothing really compares to this one. It might not be the most expensive foods available (but I think it's pretty damn close, and extra points for creativity). I got recommended to some of the other buffets, like Bellagio and Rio, which I've had before, but they really don't match up.
4	While in Vegas do what the Vegas people do and do it Buffet Style.  On a recommendation of a friend who comes to Vegas all the time, she told me the Wicked Spoon was the way to go for great variety of food for a reasonable price.  For two of us in early evening it was about $80 if I remember correctly.  Pretty decent price for a Vegas Buffet based on my research.The Buffet was more than one stomach could take on.  I needed five stomachs to eat everything I wanted to eat.  Too bad there's no stomach buying or stomach expanding kiosk in Vegas - and I thought Vegas had everything?  People lied to me!It's been a very long time since I've done a gourmet Buffet.  Times have definitely changed, instead of spooning out of a big dish, they create little dishes for you on most items.  Little cast iron skillets of potato au gratin, truffled mashed potato, lamb meatballs, seafood salad, fried rice with kaffir lime, mac and cheese, green beans, and everything else in between.  Plenty of variety for everyone to find something they love and could eat five servings of.  I found more than one item I could continue eating for a lifetime.  The desserts were too pretty to eat but I made an exception and ate them all anyway.  Ice creams, sorbets, mouse, cakes, chocolate covered strawberries, and I'm sure there's more I can't remember but by this time I had had multiple cocktails that put me into a buzzed state.  I still have dreams about this raspberry chocolate mouse thing that was delectable down to the last lick and yea I did lick the little glass clean - no shame here.  I don't know if I'd Buffet repeat since each new visit should include all new places and adventures but this one is a great Buffet choice for the masses.  Delicious!
5	Skip breakfast and afternoon tea and get your grub on at Wicked Spoon!  Hands down, I think Wicked is the best buffet in Vegas!  Cosmopolitan has always done a good job with their execution on various venues, and they definitely hit a home run with this buffet.  What makes me such a Woohoo was that Wicked broke all boundaries of traditional Vegas Buffets.  I would like to be the first to categorize Wicked Spoon to be an "All You Can Eat Tapas" venue, to call it something else would be whorish!  Each item served on the buffet tables were prepared by portion on individual mini plates, pots or pans reminiscent of what you would expect at a tapas joint.  This very ninja-like method keeps you from getting plate-fulls of what you don't want, and allows you to get a taste of almost every delectable dish served without getting too full.  Wicked is a wonderland of tantelizing treats.. specially when they are serving freshly baked bignets with rasberry sauce.. IM ON IT!!
5	When it comes to buffets I think this is the best in Vegas! I will definitely be back for the dinner buffet next time!
4	In my opinion, second only to the Bacchanal.  Awesome decor, awesome prime rib and ice cream.  Poor fish selection (at least on my night) but bone marrow!  Yes!
4	Had a great dinner party tonight a Wicked Spoon thanks to our wonderful server Stephen! The food was great. My only criticism is that the wine upgrade  only included a choice of only one white or one red wine. That needs improvement. But thank you Stephen for the great service and great attitude.
3	I've had Wicked Spoon bookmarked for the longest time.  I had plenty of opportunities to eat here, but promised my teenager that I wouldn't eat here without her. So it's set. She's in town for a couple of days and Wicked Spoon was on her radar this time around (I swear, she's a Yelper in training).  We purposely arrived about an hour near closing because I figured that the lines wouldn't be as bad then.  I was right, only waited about 20 minutes to get into our seats.  Overall service was great and for that I cannot complain.  I feel the ambiance and the decor.  I even love their tables and wish I had that pattern at home.  But this review is about the food, right? In my opinion, if you've been to one buffet in Las Vegas, you've been to them all.  The dishes here are served in mini-portions, which I think is great for pictures.  But lousy for a buffet.  When I think buffet, I think as much as I want.  Give their Fried Chicken Wings as an example.  You get two pieces presented in a cute stainless steel strainer.  But if I wanted 6 pieces, I would have to grab 3 of these bad boys, really? How about their Angry Mac N' Cheese.  The portions are small and if I wanted a little more, than I'm grabbing multiple tins of these.  Again, great for photos, but not convenient for eating.  This is pretty much the experience with all their mini-dishest.  By the time I was done, I've tried their fried chicken, roasted chicken, salmon, sushi (don't do it), mac n cheese, and their garlic pizza.  All were just about par with every one else on the strip.  Not bad in taste, not the greatest either.  Now for dessert...This is where Wicked Spoon has their one shining moment.  It's all about desserts here.  From presentation to taste, you really can't go wrong with their desserts. Their macarons weren't that great, but everything else disappeared once it made it to my table.  Overall, I have to give Wicked Spoon just 3 stars because it's just okay compared to the rest of the strip buffets out there. For $35 a person for lunch, I think I could get more bang for my buck outside of the strip.  I'm sure I will eventually be back.  Just remember, I'm not paying for dinner.
5	Awesome! Prepare to spend some time, there's so much! Coffee is really good! French Toast off the hook!
5	I have no complaints with this buffet; it is my favorite and totally worth the money.  Shrimp ceviche was so delicious.  They have bone marrow! I have yet to see that at any other buffet. The presentation is also fantastic.  There are prepared single servings of mostly everything.
4	For me to give a four-star review to a buffet is no small thing. I am firmly in the anti-buffet camp. I associate buffets with lots and lots of middling-at-best food that has been slightly desiccated by the heat lamps and germified by fellow patrons who ladled from the vats of mediocrity before you. In the face of so many unappetizing options, I shut down and eat about $2 worth of my $40 meal. Yeah, like I said, I am not a fan.Imagine my surprise when I accompanied my buffet-loving friend to Wicked Spoon on her birthday. We were immediately shown to our table - no wait! The dining room was well designed and sophisticated. The server who greeted us and took our drink order was on-point. When we ventured over to the buffet area, the sea of choices was staggering. From fresh kale salad to beef tongue shepherd's pie, I was impressed by the upscale take on standard fare. They also did not cheap out - there were heaps of crab legs, thoughtfully split for easier consumption, delicious prime rib, and many other protein options that I didn't get to sample. As others have mentioned, Wicked Spoon's "thing" seems to be individual portions in cute serving pieces (e.g., mini-bamboo steamers, mini-copper pots). I think this helps with the freshness and keeps you from overindulging on one item. There were a few standouts in our meal including the aforementioned shepherd's pie, the made-to-order macaroni n' cheese, the prime rib, and the humongous chocolate and candy-dipped strawberries. A few items to skip include the lamb meatballs with gnocchi, the duck ravioli in a weirdly paired butternut squash sauce, and the shu mai. Happy dining, Vegas peeps!
5	I think this was my favorite buffet when visiting Las Vegas. The selection was pretty amazing with the different types of desserts they have here along with the vast savory options.  There is the typical buffet stuff you see around at different ones but they also have some really nice gourmet options to choose from too. I mean bone marrow?? How cool is that?!The hardest problem I had was the fact that I wanted to try all sorts of dinner food but also having to save room for dessert. I tried several different buffets when I was in Vegas and this one had the best selection and atmosphere in my opinion. Take heed though, this buffet was pricey! I want to say it ran us about between $85 to 90 for two people, but also you get a great variety of awesome choices!
5	I have been to most of the buffets on the strip because when my father lived in Las Vegas, he would take us around everywhere !! We came about 7 pm this time with a group of eleven.  No lines, thank goodness ..The cashier was insisting on charging us an extra 18% gratuity +taxes because of our group size..We were then going to sit separately but the manager and staff were gracious enough to sit us altogether when they realized we were all family celebrating a birthday. They waived our fees, but we received such great and marvelous service that of course we took good care of our server ! Now, where do I start....$38 per person, one would think that this is too much, but the amazing variety is just overwhelming !!! PRIME RIB, LAMB, RIBLETS, PORK RIBS, SHRIMP, SNOW CRAB-already cut so you don't have to crack it, KOREAN RIBS, ORIENTAL STATION -with the cutest & tiniest Chinese to go boxes for personal servings -did I forget to say - their food presentations here are so AMAZING !! SUSHI, SO MUCH MORE FOOD THAT I can write all day long. Different varieties, something for everyone..There was fish also that was very good, but most people in our group were carnivores:-) The desserts were also so SUPER YUMMY !!! I'm really not too big on buffets, but this one has me coming back again and again !!!  Thank you so much for the personal touch of a HAPPY BIRTHDAY song and birthday surprise to our brother, Tony(our server )..You helped make our night an INCREDIBLE ONE  !!!!
5	I will alway visit this buffa! For one no one fights with you over food here. Less family and wait is never long. They have about everything u can think about. Seafood snow crabs, are great and the desert secretion is big here also. It's hard not to eat too much here.
4	The food and service was great i just wish they had more seafood and better desserts.
3	I wanted to love this place, but I didn't! It was good, but not great food, bland and average, I thought bacchanal was wayyyyy better, but table service was top notch!  The guy running the dessert area looked openly hostile as I pondered what kind of gelato I wanted...I took maybe, 7 seconds, with no one else needing help, and he looked so annoyed-boo.
3	I didn't think this place was nearly as good as the buffet at Wynn, or even planet hollywood. I came here for lunch and was disappointed by the mediocre selection. The best thing was probably the duck ravioli. I didn't think having typical mexican and chinese food really fit the image of a higher end buffet in Vegas. Their most "high end" item is probably the bone marrow but it wasn't prepared very well...almost like it was just for show.
5	Best Buffet in Las Vegas!
5	That is it! I finally found the best buffet in Las Vegas! I will highly reccomend "Wicked Spoon" to everyone! That buffet is amazing!!!
4	As of today, I have dined here 7 times - 3x dinner, 4x lunch.. witnessing various changes to the selection.::: [ FLAVOR ] ::: Standard buffets seem to focus heavily on selection/quantity. Better buffets seem to focus heavily on selection, quantity AND quality. Wicked Spoon might lose in the selection department over others, but focuses on quantity, quality, & one essential but oft overlooked criteria: FLAVOR. ::: [ TECHNIQUE ] :::Due to preparation of large batches, many buffets (including Wynn's, which I haven't been back to in 2+ yrs) tend to offer food with less desirable textures due to being left out for too long and/or imperfect cooking temperatures, Wicked Spoon rarely makes that mistake.::: [ PRESENTATION ] ::: Perfectly portioned little bowls/plates. Reduces chance of cross-contamination by other guests and things being mixed around on your own plate. Maintains presentation - consistency in plating technique is a 3.5/5 - 4/5 depending on the station & dish.::: [ SERVICE ] ::: Only experienced poor service 2 out of 7 times. Yesterday's visit was excellent - our server randomly checked up on us at least 4 times throughout our meal.::: [ DRINKS ] ::: Wine & cocktails are available. They also have a selection of Coke products, juices, & ice tea. Don't forget to ask for coffee when you're ready to move on to dessert!::: [ DIET-FRIENDLY FOOD ] ::: I've dieted while dining here twice and was able to get extremely full on less than 700 calories. Also, SUGAR-FREE DESSERTS! You can also request a cup of berries from the dessert station.____________________________KEY:(-) Skip This(+) Try This(++) Love ThisI have either 1.) never tried or 2.) feel indifferent towards the ones that have no symbol next to them. ____________________________DATE/TIME: MONDAY, MARCH 25, 2013 // 7:30PM::: [ SAMPLE OF THE SPREAD AT DINNER ] :::[ ASIAN ]Egg Drop SoupCabbage SaladWok Tossed UdonHar GauBeef Stir FryCompart Duroc Pork Ribs (+)Korean Kalbi Short RibsSushi[ ITALIAN ] Duck Ravioli (++)Italian Sausage Pappardelle (++)Spaghetti w/Smothered Cherry TomatoesAsiago Gnocchi w/Lamb Ragu (++) / sometimes chewy, good flavorBraised Beef Short Rib w/Polenta (+)Margherita PizzaChicken Garlic PizzaSausage and Roasted TomatoProsciutto Stromboli (+)Prime Rib Pannini w/Truffle AioliBroccoli Rabe w/Pine Nuts & Garlic Roasted Red PeppersCrispy Chicken Thighs w/Pancetta and Romanesco[ MEAT ETC ]Shepherd's Pie (+) / too much potatoTruffle PotatoPotatoes au Gratin (++) / not there yest but usuallyCreamed Spinach (+)Roasted Sweet Potato w/House-Made MarshmallowCarnitas w/Black Bean & Salsa FrescaGreen Garlic Roasted TomatoesPotatoes O'BrienVeal Sweetbreads "Dirty Rice" (-) / missing sweetbreadsWicked Fried Chicken (-)Roasted ChickenPrime Rib (+) / good quality & textureLeg of LambBone Marrow (++)SAUCES: Au Jus, Chimichurri, Horseradish Cream, Red Onion Marmalade[ RANDOM ]Wild Boar Sloppy Joe's (+)Citrus Glazed SalmonBBQ Shrimp & White Cheddar Grits (+)Crab Legs (+)Crispy Corn Tacos[ MAC AND CHEESE ]* This station is always either a Design-Your-Own Mac & Cheese or Shrimp Station.[ COLD FOODS ]FRUITS: Bananas, Apples, MandarinSquid Chili Gochuchang (+)Egg and Candied Bacon SaladChopped SaladBlistered Vegetable PanzanellaSmoked Trout Salad w/Frisee (++)Marinated Mushrooms w/Burrata & FoccaciaShrimp Ceviche (+)Shrimp CocktailDeviled EggsWhite Bean and Tuna Crostini w/Truffle Oil & ParsleyRoasted Beet Salad w/Arugula, Goat Cheese, & Sherry VinaigretteKale Salad (++)Bocconcini SaladRoasted Garlic SoupSoup Du JourOlivesCold CutsSmoked Salmon (+)Pickled Cornichons (+)Maytag Bleu Cheese, Brie, Manchego, etc (+)Crunchy Pita BreadHummusTomato and Chickpea SaladBaba GannoushTabbouleh (+)Tzatziki (+)[ DESSERT ]Molten Chocolate Cake w/Caramel Sauce (+)Peach Cobbler (+)Chocolate MarshmallowFudgeCarrot Cake (+)Opera Cake (+)Cheesecake (+)Godiva Lolli CakesFreshly Baked Cookies: 4 TypesSweet Potato Flan w/Toasted Marshmallow & Rosemary Shortbread (+)Gingerbread Shortcake w/Eggnog Whip Cream & Milk Chocolate SauceChocolate Covered StrawberriesSmores Chocolate Pudding w/Graham Crackers & Melted Marshmallow (+)Caramel Apple Streusel Tart (+)Tiramisu Chocolate Cup (+)Chocolate Mousse BerriesSugar Free Chocolate Custard w/Raspberry Compote (+)Low Sugar Vanilla Cream w/Blueberry CompoteStrawberry Gazpacho (+)[ DESSERT: GELATO + SORBET ]Mint Chocolate CrunchSalted Peanut CaramelVanillaCoffee White Chocolate (++) PistachioCaramel Candy BarAlmond JoyOreoThai Tea (++) Nutella (++) TiramisuStraciatellaStrawberry BalsamicRaspberry SorbetMango Passion SorbetBlood Orange SorbetLemon Sorbet (+)Sugar Free Chocolate____________________________3/27/13: Tried Bacchanal - amazing selection. Will still be returning to Wicked Spoon for my fave dishes, Bone Marrow, & better gelato. Crepes at Bacchanal, tho!
4	The food was very good, how ever I was expecting a little bit more. I was a little dissapointed in the desserts, which is what I was looking forward to the most. However the mac n' cheese bar was amazing!! I would recommend it.
5	This buffet is awesome!! It ruined all other buffets for me forever.The highlights were the huge pile of crab legs and the mashed potatoes were so awesome!!  The dessert selection was good, I expeced a little more( probably because of the pic on yelp) but it was still amazing ( the salted peanut  caramel gelato was the best)!! The Coffee was really good too..Cons: -Service was lacking friendliness a bit but oh well, im still giving it 5 stars.-Pricey ( Luckily I had a coupon 2 for 1 price that I got on my united flight out).-They charge extra for espresso or a cappucino which I though was weird since its a buffet. I will definitly return on my next trip out!!!!!!!
5	Wicked Spoon was our last stop before heading home to Vegas. We needed some food and wanted to eat at a buffet. Since we were staying at the Cosmo and the buffet had good reviews, we decided to try it out. Good choice on our part. The buffet was $35 per person, which I think was pretty good considering the cost of some buffets in Vegas. We got seated near the front of the buffet, which was good since we got seated near the food. We were on super heifer status that day! I went and got a bunch of everything. I think I had three plates filled and then sat down to try some of everything. It was all really good and exactly what I wanted when I thought of eating at a buffet. The French toast and pancakes were soooo good. I think I had three of each! Our waiter was really nice too, he brought us drinks right away and was just very attentive. We did end up having some of the dessert and their ice cream was delicious and so was the peach cobbler. All very yummy!
5	BEST BUFFET IVE BEEN TO HANDS DOWN! ORGASM IN YOUR MOUTH!!!I came here with expectations and all of them were exceeded. The wait was pretty long (1 1/2 hr wait) but it was definitely worth it.So much delicious goodness. The quality of the food just topped anything that I have tasted in the other buffets. It tasted like eating at Mcdonalds for a burger and then going to red robin for one of theirs. The quality in the food is just amazing. I literally stuffed my face til I couldn't move anymore. Their deserts were so delicious as well. Chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbles on top.
5	One buffet down two more to go! On my trip to Vegas, I decided to try three buffets and screw my diet ): but it was SO WORTH IT! I came here on a Wednesday at 1:00 P.M and waited for about 20 minutes (which is not too bad for a Vegas buffet.) The price was like every other good Vegas buffet, $24 for a weekday brunch which is from 8:00 a.m to 2 p.m. (Wicked Spoon only serves brunch so no need to come in between breakfast and lunch to get your money's worth because its ALWAYS BRUNCH! I recommend coming by 12:30 though so you have time to wait in line and you don't miss out on anything because they put it away (yes they do throw away delicious food!) )  Anyways, boy can I tell you the food was AMAZING! I tried basically everything but the main things you MUST TRY are these. FRENCH TOAST - the BEST french toast I've had in my life! Add a little whipped cream and syrup and you have heaven on a plate! (But I'd still recommend you share it so you have room for other yummy food!) ANGRY MAC and CHEESE - so delish and creamy! It's a little spicy, but just spicy enough! OVEN ROASTED TOMATOES - they are so flavorful and just perfect! They're like melt in your mouth good (if that's possible for tomatoes) THREE CHEESE PANINI - when going to a buffet you should spend your carbs wisely but this was so worth it! The cheeses were so good and also melted in your mouth with the crisp bread!NUTELLA GELATO - OMG! Words cannot explain how good this is! I think I could eat just this for a whole day! It really tastes like Nutella but creamier and even more delicious! everything else is good but these are my favorites! I am not going to tell you not to eat anything but I mean the fried chicken really let me down.. ): it wasn't crunchy at all! The prime rib was also mediocre, it was really tender but was way too bland. Plus the asian food section was nothing spectacular the spare ribs had a odd flavor, but korean BBQ was pretty yummy. But to tell you the truth the money is in the dessert!! Wicked Spoon has the absolute best dessert section of all the buffets! Like there was literally nothing bad in the desert section! Oh yeah the service was good, the waitress came every 10 minutes to clear the plates and check up on us. Basically Wicked Spoon was AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS and if you're in Vegas I would totally recommend this buffet, but stay tuned because I haven't tried all of them yet!
3	Honestly, I don't think i would go back again. The food wasn't that great. For a buffet charging more than the Wynn buffet or bellagio, the selection wasn't as great. A lot of little desserts that weren't too good. The Korean short ribs were a good touch, however. We went when the buffet opened and everything was fresh. The crab legs got soggier as the night went on. The location of this buffet was so far inside the hotel that it was almost annoying. It seemed like it was tucked into the back corner of the cosmopolitan. One thing was that the server was a little over the top when he was talking and had a little spit control problem and also seemed more preoccupied with his tips than actually serving. I would give this a 3.5 since the decor was pretty nice.
4	Las Vegas is a city that does justice to a buffet.  If you really love this glutinous experience, you can buy a 24 hr buffet pass for about $50.  If you would rather go to one super high end buffet for about the same cost with bottomless mimosas, champagne and Bloody Marys, then Wicked Spoon is for you.  I had read reviews about epic waiting lines, my tip is to go early.  We were there for 9:30 am and walked right in, it was perfect.  We chose to pay $9 for bottomless bevvy's.  They definitely know how to treat you because within minutes our server came over with not one but 2 mimosas each.  We felt like kids in a candy store, there are so many dining options.  Their are light items to start with like yogurt and berries, salads, fruit, and bagels and lox.  After that you can progress into hot breakfast items like pancakes, omelets, bacon, and french toast.  After that they have more brunch type items like fried chicken, braised short ribs, polenta, gnocchi.  Finally you can go over to the dessert bar and pick up pastries or homemade gelato.  I had too many different items to go into detail about each, 90 percent were amazing, a few duds, but that is to be expected.  A few highlights were the smoked salmon, tomato salad with candied bacon, and the braised short rib on polenta.  Overall, with all of the options for buffets, i was so happy that i chose Wicked Spoon, the quality of ingredients is high end, and not only was there a lot of food, the options were modern and inventive.
2	Disappointed as I had set very high expectation for this one. The spread was not huge. Most of the cuisines lacked flavor, especially the Asian counter was a big let down. The Vegas buffets are more of hype than substance I guess. The only thing to write home about was the dessert bar!
4	I've eaten at the Wicked Spoon twice now. Once for dinner and once for breakfast/lunch service (get there a little after 10 to get breakfast, then stick around as they turn over for lunch service at 11). Great place to eat! Though not up to par with Belligio or Ceasar's buffets', the Wicked Spoon holds its own. They might have the best desserts on the strip. EVERYTHING I ate tasted good. Our server was nice and friendly, and like most Cosmo employees, she genuinely seemed to like her job! Not to mention at $20 for breakfast service, this place is pretty affordable. Go here!
4	One of the BEST buffets I've been to in a long time.  The macaroni and cheese station did it for me.  Not your box Kraft Mac n Cheese but real deal Cheesy Gooey Goodness!!!  Out of the meat add ins I chose to add shrimp. Mmm MmmSome of the servings came served in small dishes which keeps the portion size under control as well as the germs from those handles being touched by hundreds or finger licked hands. Ugh!! (Sorry, I'm a bit of a germaphobe)The service was impeccable.  Everyone that worked there who passed our table whether they were serving our table or not spoke and made sure we were ok.  The water craft on the table I thought was a good idea giving me the impression that my water was filtered and sometimes room temperature water taste better then ice cold.The only thing I probably would have liked to see was an open bar, but all in all a great buffet and a wonderful experience.
3	Very pricy, not sure it was worth the price.....  The food was freash and the staff were very nice.   With a town that has so many buffets, the cost is high.....  Not a buffet we are going to go to a lot.  once in a great while!  Couple times a year, because of the cost.
2	I know that a lot of people are raving like crazy about this place, but my review is a little different. But first, some quick tips!1. The parking for the Cosmopolitan is located in a lot on Harmon Way.2. The buffet is located fairly far into the hotel on the second floor near the guest elevators.3. You can also access the Cosmopolitan via the walkway between Crystals/Aria or coming from Planet Hollywood.There are a lot of different things that put me off about the Wicked Spoon and a few that make me want to love it. I'll start with the things I didn't like and relive the happy memories of what I did like.Service is an incredibly important thing to me. This is considering the fact that we are all paying nearly $40 (dinner) to eat. It's almost unacceptable to me that they don't think about serving people better according to the price tag of the buffet. The thing that bothers me is that the first time I visited the Wicked Spoon, we were given the worst service I have ever witnessed. I must note to you guys a disclaimer. My girlfriend and I have agreed to a set policy of tipping our waiter AFTER the buffet is over. We use the tip to rate their service. If you did awesome, we will tip incredibly generously. Anyhow, the first time we went to the Wicked Spoon, our waiter didn't seem to want to check on us and a lot of the time he would pass by our table and go to other larger parties and schmooze with them rather than serve us. I noticed that he was also neglecting another table next to us that was getting angrier by the second. So angry that they asked another sections bus boy to clear their tables and refill their drinks. Whenever I asked the waiter to refill drinks, it would take at least 10 minutes for anything to come. Finally fed up, we were able to get the manager to come and to relay to her our problems. She apologized and comped us two buffets each.We ended up giving away a set of our comps to our family members, and we used the comp on ourselves for our second visit. The second visit was no better than the first. A waitress was incredibly distant and the only redeeming factor was the busboy who was friendly and very efficient. We tipped him, but neglected to tip our waitress and asked for the manager yet again. The manager was disappointed by our experience, and comped us again for dinner.As if I couldn't stay away from a BAD situation, I decided that we had to try the Wicked Spoon at least one more time and use up our comp. This time service was passable, but mediocre. It wasn't great, it wasn't bad. We left a standard 15% tip and called it a night.Now onto the good things and the reason why the Wicked Spoon gets two stars. The food ranges from amazing to terrible, but nothing far in between. The food here is more "high brow." You'll see your gaspachos, you'll see your confits, and you'll see your bone marrows. It's incredibly interesting the way they serve their food, whether it's by tiny skillets or by tiny frying cages. There are a few standout items, but for the most part the Asian offerings are almost always a miss. The Italian pastas and paninis can be a hit or a miss. Sometimes the pasta is nicely cooked and other times it is vastly undercooked or overcooked. I really love the meats that they have coming out of their carving station as well as their seafood. It's pretty fresh and tasty. The bone marrow is interesting for first timers, but I enjoy it though it seems a little bad for my cholesterol. One of my other favorite things is that they do have a made to order station, my favorite being the mac and cheese. It sounds simple, but being able to add toppings such as bacon, chives, and other mac and cheese favorites and have them cook it in front of you is pretty cool.My favorite part of their buffet is dessert. My only complaint in that area is that they don't really seem to have that many macarons and they are prone to running out. In comparison, the Bacchanal Buffet seems to have an unending stream of macarons. The other thing that I really enjoy about the dessert is the gelato. My favorite is the mint chip! I love the little chocolate balls since the texture is pretty interesting.I hope that your service experience is different than mine and that you enjoy the food!
4	Came here for lunch with the guys and was impressed at the quality of food prepared. Although the options seemed small in my perspective, the food was very delicious. I want more of that macaroni....Price wise, its vegas nothing is going to be cheap, but not impossible to eat here. Located at the Cosmopolitan hotel so make sure to hit up Marquee the night before and get a good grub on in the afternoon!
3	this buffet was pretty ordinary. nothing stood outwas pretty standard they had veggie sushi which was ok
4	Wicked Spoon gets four stars from me for quality variety. Not just variety, but quality variety.It's nestled in the "back" of the Cosmopolitan. So I feel like it's in an overlooked spot in an overlooked casino? There are signs, but you'll need to follow them upstairs and through some hallways in order to reach Wicked Spoon. While it is out of the way, it's also not right off a casino floor, which is nice, a bit less hectic.It markets itself as a little more of a foodie buffet, and I think it's delivers. For Sunday brunch, they had things like gnocchi in tomato sauce, polenta with braised lamb, and wild mushroom risotto. There was their "wicked" fried chicken and mac & cheese (legitimately spicy, in the case of the mac & cheese), as well as a large buffet of cold cheeses and meats. Good shrimp dumplings and dry fried green beans were also available. While you could get "American" breakfast, I was uninterested in the face of their Italian and Asian counters. There's also several carving stations with good beef and pork options. I was stuffed by the time we got around to dessert, where there's a gelatto counter and dozens of small cakes, cookies, macaroons, and even bitter chocolate cakes, swimming in mini-cast iron skillets of caramel.For about $15 extra, you can get unlimited mimosas or bloody marys, which, we figured, meant we'd have to get two drinks over the course of the meal to break even. Easy deal when you consider the waiter was bringing two at a time for everyone at the table...we had a forest of mimosas by the end of the meal. So even if the drinks were a bit weak by reports, we had no problems getting them.Brunch ran me (sans alcohol option) about $38. Was it a lot for brunch? Maybe. But I'd never been to a buffet before, as most of my Vegas trips are for conferences where lunch is provided and we're away from the casino floors and restaurants during the day. And the food was very good with great variety. So I'm perfectly content. I would consider a return on a future visit if I was nearby.
5	The best buffet I've ever been to!!!Great variety of food for dinner service. Quite pricey but it was worth it! Beautiful ambiance as well. A lot of dessert to choose from, which a lot of buffets lack nowadays. Korean BBQ was AMAZING! Salmon was delicious! Mmmm my mouth is watering just thinking about. The classy presentation of food was a PLUS too.Will DEFINITELY come here again!!! :-)
5	Super breakfast buffet!DifferentTastyLot's to choose fromBest breakfast buffet in Las Vegas!Good service from a nice attendent
4	Great choice! Atmosphere is classy but business casual. So many choices. Everything from prime rib paninis to spicy tuna rolls and everything in between. Dessert area was not as fabulous as the food selection. I have been twice and will return.
3	I liked that the buffet was set up differently, with small portions of delicious things.  But a buffet in Vegas is a buffet in Vegas.  There are so many options, and for $49 a head you can definitely enjoy some other delicious things on the strip.
2	There are some things that are worth waiting in line for ... like Niners Super Bowl tickets, tickets to la Galleria Borghese, or an Adriana Lima kissing booth ... but Wicked Spoon Buffet is NOT one of them. The line here is depressing. Not only is it long, it moves slower than a TSA security check point. Worst of all is the mirage ending, once you think you've finally come to the end you realize that was just the line to pay. Wait ... there is a.. a ... second line?!?!?.... just kill me now.Once you finally get inside the food is disappointing at best. The only real highlight was the bone marrow. If you decide to come here make sure you upgrade to the bottomless drinks ($9 for bloody mary's mimosas which can be mixed and matched). They are the perfect way to fight back a hangover while also creating your next one ... Cheers!
3	The ambiance, food presentation, and selection were promising for our Sunday brunch, but on final taste many of the items at our table were labeled "okay."  Bright colors, great lighting, and plenty of food to choose from.  A big group of us went and they offer creative sweet and savory dishes, exotic items like octopus and bone marrow. The prime rib was not tender and a little on the salty side.  I am a lamb fan, but one dish was so gamey and fatty I couldn't eat it. Customer service was good with filling our drinks and picking up old plates. The best thing I had was the gelato.  For $33 plus tax, it was okay but will try another buffet on my next visit to Vegas.
3	To be entirely honest, I'm not really seeing the hype. While the concept of a tapas style buffet sounds amazing, my excitement towards eating here didn't quite equate to a superb dining experience.My group and I arrived around 1PM and although the line didn't look super long, the wait seemed agonizingly slow. We didn't get seated until around 2:30PM. After we were shown to our table, my group dashed to the food to check out the selection. While there were many chic and modern dishes that you would find at a hip, fancy restaurant, there wasn't really that large of a selection. Compared to the Wynn and Bellagio buffets, the choices seemed barren. Oh well, I told myself. Hopefully the quality of the food will make up for the lack of selection. From the meat section, I tried the bone marrow, kalbi (Korean beef short rib), five spice pork belly and ham. Now I was ecstatic to try the bone marrow and I've never tried it before. However, it just tasted really...weird? I don't know how to quite describe it, except for the fact that I'm not convinced that the flavor was what people usually went gaga over. The five spice pork belly was AMAZING though! Layers and layers of greasy, fatty, pork goodness will lead to feelings of immense satisfaction. And perhaps a little guilt afterwards. Wicked Spoon had some of your standard buffet finds such as a meat carving station, crab legs, salad bar and pizza station. The Chinese station had a pretty cool concept, with some items stuffed inside a little Chinese takeout box or a dim sum basket. There was also a mac and cheese section that I didn't get to try because I thought it was an omelette station. For that, I want to cry a little. Dessert was definitely the best part of the experience, since I ended up stacking my plate full of macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, small slices of cake and double scoops of gelato. Everything was quite tasty and sort of made up for the rest of the food. In fact, the macarons were so delicious that the Asian in me compelled me to hoard a few macarons into a Chinese takeout box. Shhh. Overall, I'd give this place more of a 3.5. This wouldn't be my first choice upon returning to Vegas for buffets since I've been to places that had both great food and dessert. But the rest of the girls in my group loved this place, so whether or not you like it is pretty much based on your own experience. As for me, I kind of wish Wicked Spoon was a little more wicked so that it could've really unleashed the glutton in me.
4	On the recommendation of my brother, we had went to the Wynn Buffet in mid March 2013.  He had been to a bunch of buffets in Las Vegas, but personally thought that the Wynn Buffet was the best.Overall, I think this is better than the Wynn Buffet.  And my wife and I really really enjoyed that buffet as well.  But this was better.  The decor was more open and modern.  Most of the other buffets in Las Vegas feel like a diner.  In terms of food, we loved that a lot of the items were pre-portioned in individual mini-cups or mini-bowls.  This added a lot to the clean and sleek presentation of the buffet as a whole.  And it also helped us from overeating so that we were able to try pretty much everything at the buffet.The food itself was great.  Most of the meats were cooked well, and there was a lot of variety to what they served, from wild boar to Australian Wagyu.  And the desert section was a little more varied and tasty than at the Wynn.
4	First time bf and I came to this place we didn't have a good experience. That was partly our fault because it was about 10-15 minutes before closing. It was also partly Wicked Spoon's fault because the cashiers notified us that we would still have about 15 minutes to go up to the buffet section and get all of our food. BUT, after we paid and sat down. We approached the buffet section to find that 70% of the food was already put/thrown away!! What a disappointment considering that we paid about $50 per person (holidays around christmas/newyears). I did get my hand on some delicious dessert! We should have complained to managers on duty that night but decided not to. I believe the next day, the bf wanted to go back since Yelp Reviews were good..and because we didn't really get to try everything the buffet had to offer. When we went back, the line was super long! We waited for about 1-1.5 hour in line.This time, the buffet was fully stocked. I got to eat plenty of crab legs and a whole lot of dessert! The marshmallows were so delicious, they basically melted in your mouth! Strawberries dipped in chocolate covered in toffee were also excellent! I think I hate at least 10 of them. They also offered macarons which were just okay in my opinion.I also witnessed a manager/supervisor on duty yell at a Mexican/Latino employee/waiter because some leftover food fell on the floor where they bring all the dirty dishes to. felt bad for the guy =(
3	Okay! I've been here for brunch and dinner. Let me tell you there was not much of a difference between the menu. I actually enjoyed it both times. I didn't really like my servers both times. I guest they're not very great with customer service. The food is okay. I've been to better buffets in Vegas. I have to say the asian food selection sucks! I barely even went to the meat section. I like the salad bar and their wide selection of ice cream is the best. I think this place is good to try out, but not come for a second time.
3	Went here with friends from out of town. Atmosphere & ambiance looks upscale, clean. Very nice. The food quality was pretty good. I know this place came before Bacchanal at Caesar's but I had gone to Bacchanal a couple times first. I had this feeling of deja vu. The two places had some similarities like how they portion some of their dishes in single servings with items like mini dutch ovens and mini fry baskets. Wicked Spoon felt like a smaller version of Bacchanal.Would have been 4 stars but our waiter was a bit iffy. Our drinks were empty for awhile before getting any attention and same for empty plates. Still an ok time overall.
5	I love Wicked Spoon's angry macaroni and cheese!I like the atmosphere and set up of this buffet. My husband and I did not have to wait too long to get a seat, and the service was always adequate. They have few menu items that we both really enjoy, and then a couple that could use some work (pizza.) When you get their brunch buffet, the food ranges from french toast (YUM) to fish to beef to pasta to Asian fare to fruit to desserts. It's a wide variety, and both times I've been there I've been thrilled with my selections.Things to try: Angry mac and cheese, macaroons with salty caramel inside, the lava fudge cake, french toast, sweet potatoes with homemade marshmallow, Korean spare ribs, and mashed potatoes. Can't wait to go back in a year!
4	We came at 11:30am on a Friday.  Got lucky - no wait to pay or be seated. Brunch was $24/adult, $16/child up to 12 y.o.. We have a few picky eaters among us, but the selections pleased everyone.  Roast sirloin, Bahn mi (pork sandwich), Korean squid salad, bacon mashed potatoes, and green beans were our favorites.  I would have liked a bit more variety of fruit (saw only pineapple and grapes) considering this is a brunch.  The mango sorbet (one of the best I've had), coffee and tiramisu gelatos topped off a very satisfying meal.  Modern decor, nice atmosphere, efficient service.  Not an inexpensive meal, but a good value.
4	4 star only cuz it is a buffet. For a buffet it is 5 star all the way. The food is awesome.   Braised short ribs are ridiculously good, prime rib was awesome, nothing is truly not worth the stomach space. Of course it is pricey but no worse that any others in buffett, but way way better
4	This place has become one of our buffet stops.  I absolutely love the smoked salmon!Service is actually pretty good.  We like to go for brunch.  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that they keep burning or over cooking the Kalbi.  It is my most favorite thing ever, food wise, and had been over cooked every time we have been.
2	Overrated. The tapas style doesn't work well when the plates are small and heavy. You can't fit more than 4 on a plate. Save the money and go to Planet Hollywood.
2	For my first birthday in Las Vegas as an official resident, I decided to go to a place that I know.  Someplace reliable, you know?So here's why I changed my review from 5 to two stars.Where did your food go?  The dinner selection seems very sparse in comparison to the brunch service.  There were only a few dishes in the Italian and Asian sections.  And only a few meats to choose from.  Unlimited whine.  Oops, I meant WINE.  Unlimited, good.  Wine...  It would've been great if there was a wine menu.  White or red, ok.  They gave me a white wine that turned out to be a little too dry for my taste.  I wish that a waiter or someone could've helped with that...Oh, wait.  That means they would have to actually stop at my table first.  The bottle of water on the table is great.  A full bottle of water is even better!  My brother, cousins, and I went through that bottle fairly quickly... then waited and waited and waited to get another bottle.  We just gave up and jacked a full bottle from a nearby empty table.  Speaking of waiting, because of the little individual dishes for food, you end up with little individual dishes that take up space on the table in addition to your plate.  Add that to the empty water bottles we were piling up and no one to pick up the stuff... yeah.  After a while, we were waiting for stuff to get taken so that we would have space to bring back more food.Anyway... whoo.. happy birthday, indeed.
4	Very good buffet. Love the small portions (so you can eat more -- but I'm sure for them it's more of a waste control issue). We went on a Tuesday around 10:45am. There was no line and plenty of tables. The $9 bottomless mimosa/bloody Mary/champagne option is a great deal but, they do give you one free glass included in your brunch price and they have a special on four square for an additional free drink. It's a great value all around. I just wish I didn't eat so much!
3	I had been looking forward to trying out this buffet for a while, but for the price (~$45/person for Saturday lunch), the wait and the hype it didn't exactly meet my expectations.Everything was plated cutely--I'm a sucker for miniatures--but mostly everything was pretty so-so.Dessert bar was pretty sweet (no pun intended...? Heh) but again, most of it looked better than it actually was. Highlight was def the Thai tea and Nutella gelatos though! Which I could go back just to get a couple scoops if those.
4	Brunch was good, had dinner here last time. The food was good quality, not a lot of variety though. They have an omelet station where they have chefs making any omelet you want. Service is good, servers are friendly, just wish they had more items to choose from.
4	So.... You are at the Cosmo. Expect it to be expensive and decadent. But then again, you are in Vegas at the City Center! What more could you ask for? AYCE Bone Marrow perhaps? Gelatto? Seafood? Fancy salads? Pappardelle? This place serves it up. I advise arriving right when they open so you can avoid waiting in line for hours.I like this place because it keeps my portions on check. As stated by Cathy C, they use the pre-plated method. This system enables you to try everything without feeling like your plate is covered with glop's of food. Great for a gobble monster like myself. I adore the salad section. Don't get me wrong, I love my proteins, but found myself going back to the greens. I feel like they use minimal salt so that you can season to taste. The chimichurri sauce at the carving station is pretty flavorful though. Fair warning! Your breath will not smell so heavenly after eating the chimichurri!I think what you have to keep in mind is that you're not only paying for the upper echelon of buffets. You are also paying for the experience. Your first point of contact is the hostess who rings up your bill and another hostess who takes you to your table- both accommodating, happy and super nice. Every waiter I've had goes above and beyond the norm. Now, if you would rather be left alone to eat in peace and rather not spend the $cA-chiNg$ for a higher end all you can eat.... Well, then this is not the place for you my friend.
3	Came here at the close of my bachelorette party after a night of heavy drinking.  Not such a great idea.  I was feeling a little bit hung over and therefore could not enjoy the food as much as I would have liked to.  That being said, I was impressed with the selection of food and the presentation.  They had food served in cute little baskets and stuff.  I'm a sucker for anything miniature!  Some things to note: They had bone marrow, which was only okay.  Not very much flavor.  The desserts were pretty good, but they have hot plates out which totally melted my chocolatey desserts.  No bueno.  The breakfast foods they had were pretty good.  When I'm back in Vegas I'd be willing to give it another try.  Hopefully I won't be so hung over next time =)
4	My girlfriend would always try to get me to go eat here but we would never find the time. It wasn't until our last trip to Vegas that we decided to make time. Besides, we stayed at Vdara which is right next door to Cosmo so it wasn't too much of a hassle.The wait at 1:30pm on a Saturday was surprisingly pretty short. A total of 45 minutes and we (table of 6) were sat and ready to eat. The buffet wasn't dissapointing, but didn't really have a huge wow factor either. Some few things that surprised me were the bone marrow and the angry mac n cheese. Those were yummy and to be honest, I wasn't really expecting bone marrow to be offered in any buffet. I just assumed that was some traditional home-made leftover food that families would make! Some people complain about it being bland...to which I say - you're eating bone marrow. It's not BBQ ribs (they also had kalbi ribs if flavor is what you want). Enjoy it how it is!But what about the dessert bar? Surely that's what people really want when they go to buffets, right? I wasn't disappointed at all. Endless sweet & juicy chocolate strawberries, 10-12 varieties of gelato, and macaroons? :drool: The downside to my experience was the server only came back once or twice and it was only for a split second at a time. We didn't even have time to ask him for refills on our drinks. He finally came back with refills when we were finishing our dessert and was getting ready to leave. Thanks BRORegardless, I will definitely be back. It's different than the run-of-the-mill buffets on the strip and it still has a solid price range to warrant coming back.
5	I've been here twice with my boyfriend on separate occasions.The first time was an absolute surprise. We had run into it by accident during their brunch. I love their selection and all the portions are divided and placed in miniature pots for each person.The service is wonderful and I don't feel rushed when I want to take a break from eating.The second time we came here was for dinner. Again, everything was well portioned and perfect. I loved the dessert area. I especially loved their lava cake. Nice and crispy on the outside and soft and gooey in the center.
4	I utterly loathe buffets.  Seriously, I really hate buffets.  I originally came here just to appease my boyfriend who is an avid buffet fan.  I wanted to hate it, I really did, but I just can't get myself to hate the Wicked Spoon.  Maybe it's because there was no wait when I went.  Maybe it's because our server was fantastic.  Or maybe it's because the food was just really good.  The spread itself wasn't as vast as other larger buffets, but each and every dish I tried was delicious.  The desserts were amazing as well.  There was this salted peanut butter gelato that was incredibly addicting.  I would have to say that the dessert section really stole the show.
5	For someone like me, a foodie with absolutely ZERO self-control, this buffet is PERFECT. High-quality, fancy-schmancy foodie-food...served for the most part in little individual containers....so you don't take too much!!!You know how it is: when faced with a vat of buttery whipped sweet potatoes and a ladle, the urge is overwhelming to pile it onto your plate a la "Close Encounters." Here, the potatoes are pre-portioned into precious little stainless steel mini-saucepans. Sure, you can still take too much...but you'll feel like a total ASS with all those saucepans clanking around on your plate!!!The deal is the same with many of the offerings here: pre-portioned, in cute little Chinese takeout boxes, pots and ramekins. Awww, Cosmo -- always thinking of your customers' waistlines! I found the spread here to be among the best in Vegas. Decent Mediterranean selection, great salads (kale with cranberries & pumpkin seeds...YUM!!), and all the rest of the usual lardass buffet staples: glistening slabs of quivering meat, mac & cheese, tacos, pizza, sushi, etc. The ambiance is upscale and chic, and like everywhere else in the Cosmo, the staff is great. And wine is available for purchase at a very chi-chi little wine vending machine. (I must get one of those vending machines for my kitchen!!!)Overall, I found this buffet to be right up there with the M Resort and Caesars Palace -- best in town!
5	Yes, yes and yes. Best buffet I've ever been to and it set the bar pretty friggin high. I have no self control. After coming here, I thought about not going to XS after since I was soooooooo full and in a food coma. They had a lot of variety and I felt like it was all good quality. The ambiance is very chic and their presentation was beautiful. Definitely not buffet like at all. Everything was portioned and you'd grab and go back to your table.On another note, their dessert. Holy moly. Thai tea ice cream? Coconut flan? Macarons? And all that other good stuff. Definitely coming back and wearing leggings next time so those babies will stretch out.
3	Food was good, as others said, some of the beef that sat out was tough...the prime rib was excellent. I expected more selections than what was actually there. The sushi tasted decent for buffet. For $47 (for 1)  I would have liked a better selection of food.My waiter was super friendly. So service was good.
4	It was a good experience dining here.Nice hip atmosphere and friendly service.Great selection of dishes from seafood,beef,poultry,pasta etc. The desserts are to die for .place is huge. you can get lost going back and forth from your table to the buffet area.price for two was $50+tax+tip. Price is for weekday brunch.
4	I loved the small"tapas" style portions here.  The quality of food seemed to be much better than your traditional buffet.  We came for a late lunch (around 1:45pm) and the buffet was $24 per person.  They had lots of great breakfast items a long with a great carving station.  The only thing I was not a fan of was the Asian food.  The har gow was obviously old and have been sitting as the skin on the har gow as hard as a rock.  Service was a bit spotty and our waitress would disappear for 10-15 minutes at time  I would most likely come back and give it another try.
4	We came here for dinner while staying at the cosmopolitan hotel. The place is clean, hip, and big! The food is fresh and tasty. The options are ordinary for buffet though. We got there around 8:30pm mad were told that they are closing around 9:30 pm... Obviously, many dishes are no longer available, only few sushi piece left, no fish dishes, or king crab legs...The desert on the other hand is very tasty... A lot of chocolate... The reason I give this place 4 star is for the cleanliness, quality, and their desert bar!Would recommend to come early so that you can get all variety of dishes!$41 + tips per person for dinner is quite hefty!
5	I got my dad to take me here for my birthday one time (we love to stuff ourselves), and it was amazing.First off, get the membership card with Cosmo- it takes some percent off the bill, and adds to your points. We came for lunch and it was a weekday, so there weren't many people, and we were seated very quickly. We got our drinks fast (they give you a water jug which is cool, since I hate waiting around for more water) and toddled off to the food.They have a very basic selection of food- but better! Everything is portioned- there are no large ass spoons that everyone and their sticky handed kid touches! So they cut down on germs, and waste! If your eyes are too damn big for you, this is a perfect way to cut down on the food you throw away at these buffets. Everything coems on its own doll sized plate, or skillet, or pot, and the crab? Already sliced down the middle, so all you have to do is dig your fingers in it. The best part, for me, since I am a fatty, is the dessert bar. Holy crab cakes, this place has the best desserts I've seen at a buffet so far! Chocolate covered strawberries?! Chocolate covered strawberries dipped in pretty much anything from cookies to nuts!? YES!The salad bar? Cool. The bread? They have fricken PRETZEL ROLLS! AHHH! I am not ashamed to amit I took some rolls with me...they were good. Don't judge.My brother was overly impressed with these little chocolate pastries the shape of ice cream cones, with edible gold shavings on top."I can eat gold!?" He nearly ate them all.Therefore, prices are what you would expect for gold topped chocolate- not cheap. But worth the try!
5	The food was great. Service is excellent. They have quite a lot of selections. Their small portion of each dish make it more unique. Try to go early if you don't want to wait in line.
5	I just can't stop going to this place.I get the goosebumps just thinking about it ;)This place is beyond amazing. The quality and taste of food finally gives justice to a buffet. Hands down the best buffet in Vegas. A wide variety of food and great service. Add all you can drink mimosas for $9 bucks! Doesn't get much better than that.
4	We came here for dinner while staying at the cosmopolitan hotel. The place is clean, hip, and big! The food is fresh and tasty. The options are ordinary for buffet though. We got there around 8:30pm mad were told that they are closing around 9:30 pm... Obviously, many dishes are no longer available, only few sushi piece left, no fish dishes, or king crab legs...The desert on the other hand is very tasty... A lot of chocolate... The reason I give this place 4 star is for the cleanliness, quality, and their desert bar!Would recommend to come early so that you can get all variety of dishes!$41 + tips per person for dinner is quite hefty!Update to my last review:Lunch is better! $25 per person with almost the same selections as dinner in addition to breakfast fare such as personalized omelet, bagels, smoke salmon, pastries etc.  The food is quality with a punch of taste! We went back twice for brunch!
5	came here on a vacation.. and all i can say is that this is probably one of the best buffet i went to in my life! i been to a lot of buffets.. trust me..this place is classy.. everything and everyone there is very nice and professional..all the food is just outstanding! i cant even describe it.. if you haven't been there.. you are missing out.. all the food is prepped nicely like those very expensive high end restaurants except this is a buffet! i haven't come across anything i dislike there.. cant wait to come back on my next vacation!!!
4	I've heard so much about this place being the best buffet in town and how Caesars took a lot of the inspiration from Wicked Spoon, I gotta say it didn't "Wow" me as much as I thought.The staff here is very friendly, our waitress addressed my party and the table next to ours by first name which was impressive (I'm horrible with names!).  The only slip-up she had was taking a little longer for a refill, but she apologized, no biggie as we had ample water at the table.Onto the food:So by now you've heard Wicked Spoon does something different, they don't have large spoons to serve out of a tray, but individual portions you grab (in small pots and bowls).  I like this concept as it allows you to take only a small portion and sample other things.  I almost feel like I need a plastic tray and not a plate though, because you rarely spoon out food onto a plate, you just need something for all the pans.I tried a lot of stuff (which I'm not going to mention).  Part of me expected slightly more selection, or maybe what they did have was just not to my liking... A few highlights were: the cold cuts, Italian station, shepherds pie.The best part was hands down the dessert, and honestly why this place gets a 4th star for the price.  I got cookies, gelato, rice crispy treats, chocolate covered strawberry's peanut butter bars and they had even more things!As far as best buffet in town, I give it to Caesars, although this was dinner and I've only been there for breakfast.  I don't know if dinner is worth the 30+ they want here IMO.... especially when I can get a good quality buffet at Red Rock for $13.99.
2	If you go a little after opening and it's not busy. The food will be cold and too salty - shame considering i went there 3 times 2 months ago.
4	What can I say, you are at a buffet which means it is your duty to indulge. Now if you are like me, I would much rather indulge in my senses, slowly savoring all the flavors and taking tiny bites so you can try a little bit of everything. This is all in theory of course because what actually happened is quite a different story. We had to wait in line for 2 hours, it felt so long because I was honestly so starving. I noticed by around 2pm, the line was super short so I think it might be a good idea to come around then. The food was nicely displayed and the dining area is of course nothing less than the extravagance that is expected in Vegas. I nibbled my way through the food from unique salads to meats to the Asian foods. It was all very very good, but I did not think it was outstanding in any way. Overall, the food offerings simmered but did not boil with the exception of a few dishes which stood out for me. However, I think the desserts were extremely tasty! I don't know why but the chocolate rice crispy really stood out to me. I have no idea why I liked it so much but I kinda wish I started with that because I was too full by dessert so I could only manage 2 bites of it. Overall, recommend. Relax and enjoy, feast away! Oh! random side note, the milk for our coffee was in this mini tin metal milk carton, I appreciate that since I'm a super fan of random cute things.
1	Wow... Warning. The pictures you see here do not represent what is currently at this buffet. They have GUTTED this buffet. We walked in, did a lap as.d wondered if we missed something. There was NO SELECTION at 6pm on a Saturday. It was so little and 75% of what you see in pictures is NOT THERE we were gutted to pay so much for a lie. 4 stories of colorful deserts? Nope! We got strawberry rice crispies, and a few sub par chocolate cake items. The bone marrow was tiny and poor, the meat selection is 4 or 5 options, Asian had 2-3 options, Mexican the same. It felt like a station casino buffet, good, but for 14 bucks, not 44 plus tip... We feel had... Advice, ask to go look at the buffet yourself before you buy if they we will let you. It's a sham. Go to Bachnaal. It's WORLDS better, we should have just gone back there....
5	Best "Buffet" that I have ever eaten at.  From the perfectly crafted food to the small portions...this place has it all.  I will probably be eating here at least once every time I come to Vegas, it has become a staple for me!I suggest taking a once-around before committing to anything you choose, because there are soooo many great dishes available.  be warned, COME HUNGRY!
3	Came here on Sunday for brunch...Positives- I like how everything is portion controlled so you don't end up getting too much of 1 thing- House made Bacon! This thing was more flavorful than your grocery store kind.- Korean BBQ Short Ribs. Tasted just like Korean BBQ in LA, I could eat this forever.- BEST GELATO IN LAS VEGAS, I had to try 3 flavors, the nutella, raspberry, and stracciatella! stracciatella was definitely really good and worth a try. I also loved the raspberry cause it was tart and sour, just the way I like it! Next time, I'm trying ALL the flavors.- Ceviche was very fresh and good also. - There was a chilled bottle of champagne over ice on our table, and we did not touch it because of our endless mimosas. However, the waitress gave us to go cups so we could drink it walking back to our hotel :)Negatives- Price, paid $41 for brunch, and I'd say that it wasn't worth it, comparing to other Vegas buffets. You definitely pay more for presentation of food and because it's the Cosmo, than the quality or taste of the food.- Lunch closes at 3:30 and dinner starts at 5:30 I believe, so you can't stay for lunch and then get the dinner price, unless you just sat around for 2 extra hours doing nothing.- NO CRAB LEGS :'(- NO CREME BRULEE :'(- Only 1 flavor of macarons, orange. :/ - Cakes that taste like any other cake at a Vegas buffet.- Average selection of Asian dishes you can get from Panda Express. It was incredibly disappointing, I was hoping for more. They offered steamed white rice...really? - Shrimp did not taste fresh- Salmon over salted- Chocolate cake was super super sweet- Ordered the Bottomless Mimosas for $9 extra. Waitress brought us 3 mimosas at a time, which I didn't like because while you're drinking your 1 mimosa, the other 2 were not cold. Either she wanted us really drunk, or she was too lazy to keep checking in on our table. And she was very non-existent the entire time. Disclaimer: I am not a huge buffet person. Everything tastes the same to me no matter what buffet it is. They always have something good, something bad, and something average. Wicked Spoon isn't that much different from other Vegas buffets. I'll save my 5 star buffet rating when everything I eat is amazing. I would go to Wicked Spoon again, but I don't NEED to go. Maybe I'll try out the dinner buffet next time.
4	Came for Sunday brunch...walked away a very satisfied customer. This place is one of the best buffets my wife and I have ever been to. LOVED the little plates since they allowed us to try almost everything in smaller portions. Flavors were fresh and unique, and there was something for every type of eater - even picky ones! The dessert island was also quite impressive, especially the gelato! The only reason this place gets a 4 and not a 5 is due to the service - took quite a while to get our drinks, and a little slower on clearing plates between rounds (likely due to how busy the place was). Would DEFINITELY return, absolutely worth the $$!!
5	Omg how can anyone not like wicked spoon! This is the best "buffet" I've ever eaten at!!!!!! It's so yummy, delicious, amazing, appetizing, delightful, heavenly, tasteful ahh I'm drooling right now thinking about all the food wicked spoon has! I'm a huge fan of this place, as you can tell!! :DMy 5 friends and I decided to go for lunch on a Saturday. We came at 12PM and it was not busy at all, surprisingly. It's probably because it was April haha. Oh wells, I got in super fast. Thank goodness because I was really hungry. The buffet was about 35 dollars BUTTTTTT if you want bottomless mimosas (IT'S A MUST), it'll only be an additional $9! I drank 9 so it was totally worth the $9. It was really good too, one of the best mimosas I have ever had! Ahhh I'm still thinking about how wonderful it was. Now let me tell you about the food, there are so many options! I decided to walk around the whole place before I decided on something. I WANTED TO EAT EVERYTHING! Everything looked really cute and delicious of course. For their Chinese food, they even had it in take out boxes! They had mini pans for their "angry mac and cheese." Everything was really decorated! I was amazed by the presentation and the quality of the food.My favorite was probably the clams :D. I'm a huge seafood person so I can eat that all day.As for desserts, I hear it's amazing but my 9 mimosas had hit me by that point, so I was not able to remember any of the desserts. I ate them but I just don't remember how it tasted like! Oh wells, there's always next time! I'm definitely coming back for the food, desserts, and bottomless mimosas. $45 (tax and gratitude included) for this meal was totally worth it! :D
1	Wow, I'm so surprised by the positive reviews for this place. I found the Wicked Spoon Buffet to be simply awful as did everyone I was with. To be fair, we arrived late. It was close to 9pm but if you are running a pricey buffet you should be able to provide delicious food all evening. Perhaps one needs to be drinking to appreciate this food, none of us were regrettably. The food was bland and colorless. I was really psyched to go because I had heard it was good but boy was I disappointed. I will never return.
5	Wow simply the best Buffett we have ever been to. We are not to fond of buffets but we do love the Vegas buffets. Well back to Wicked Spoon. We loved it and the small portions give you a chance to try and enjoy everything. Because you will want to try everything especially the desserts. Just amazing from the cashiers,waitress and the price was very reasonable. Can't wait to go back.
4	I like this place but still love the Wynn and The M more.  Liked the small portions.  The bone marrow made the trip worth while.
1	They should remake the food selections ASAPPros:* Locating in Cosmopolitan* Their desert is the only thing good there* They put many of their food in small cup/pan/potCons:* For the subpar food selection they offer right now, $40+/person is a ripoff (Don't come here if you like seafood, their selection is very limited; they use crab legs the same level as those in $15-$20 asian buffet places)* Most of their food doesn't taste like $40+ buffet, it was so plain and basic* Their ambiance/decor can be considered "OK" if it locates elsewhere not name Cosmopolitan, but for such an upscale trendy hotel like Cosmopolitan, Wicked Spoon should spend a little more money on the restaurant's "vibe"* Our waiter was discriminative. (After being seated, our server walked by our table couple times but never acknowledge us to ask what would we like to drink. Then when two other parties were seated after us, he went to their table almost immediately)
4	amazing food!  worth $40? not sure about that
4	We ate here with friends after they saw Wicked Spoon on the Travel Channel.  I read reviews saying there were long lines and up to a 2 hour wait, but on a Saturday night at about 5:30 pm (we went early before an 8pm show), there was no line at all.  For $41/person (or $50 if you want unlimited red or white house wine), you get a wide variety of delicious "small plates".  My guy got the unlimited wine, but the server was not very attentive, so we really paid $9 for two glasses of wine.  Not terrible, but still, we were there long enough that she should have at least offered a refill 4 times. The food was mostly fabulous! Almost everything is in a small bowl, cup, plate, Chinese take out box, pot or pan.  Very cute presentation.  Bone Marrow! I've never had bone marrow, but it was delicious! Duck Ravioli with a delicious creamy sauce; Fried Mozzarella Risotto Balls; Wild Boar Sloppy Joe Sliders; shot glasses with shrimp cocktail and ceviche; a wide variety of special salads (I had the roasted beet salad - yum!).  Seared salmon with parsnip puree, BBQ shrimp with white cheddar grits.  They also had a fabulous fruit, cheese, and charcuterie display.  Delicious Maytag bleu cheese, brie, something semi-hard with a coating of espresso, prosciutto, olives, marinated fancy mushrooms with focaccia and burrata cheese; hand pulled and rolled mozzarella.  My mouth is watering just recounting all the delicousness!There was also buffet basics, like chilled crab legs (same as almost any buffet) and prime rib (delicious!)  They also have a wide array of desserts, with a huge selection of sorbet and gelato. Best, creamiest, loveliest gelato I've ever tasted! Overall, a great deal for amazing tastes.  You definitely have to try Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan!
5	After hearing so much about the Wicked Spoon buffet, I FINALLY got to try it on my most recent trip to Las Vegas....and the verdict is: 5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is the best buffet I have ever been to!  The most impressive thing about the Wicket Spoon buffet is the presentation.  Everything was exquisitely prepared and presented.  My mouth was salivating walking past all of the counters and looking at the many different, exotic things they had.It is not the biggest buffet, but they did offer several types of ethnic foods to choose from.  They had Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and American selections.  Everything was tasty, and I greatly enjoyed my dining experience here.Wicked Spoon was fairly pricey, but well worth it.  No buffet can compare to a great restaurant dining experience in my opinion, but Wicked Spoon is about as close as I have had.  I look forward to coming back the next time that I visit Las Vegas.
5	Best buffet for the $ in Vegas!Great selection of food from various regions of the world. Great service, and never too long of a wait. Only suggestion might be to change up the offerings more often.
5	Yes. Amazing. Go here. $9 all you can drink wine? Done. Tiny adorable serving dishes? You bet. Make this the last buffet you go to while in Vegas because others will pale in comparison. Full disclosure: had a reservation so didn't wait in line, and only paid for one buffet for 2 people.
2	I give two stars because I'm comparing it to the other Vegas buffets in the area. Wicked Spoon used to be good when I ate here about 3 years ago, but the quality has gone downhill since then. I was excited to see some unique dishes like the bone marrow and the risotto, but everything else was pretty plain. The Asian section was the largest and had decent Korean BBQ and noodles, but the other dishes were packed in take out boxes. I think its supposed to be artsy but it came off as really cheap looking to be picking up takeout boxes at a $40.00 buffet. The seafood section had the usual crab legs but that was about it. It would be the same stuff you would get at an Asian Buffet in California.The soups were labeled as "Soup Du Jour". I didn't know what that meant but one looked like gravy and the other tasted like clam chowder without the clams. I guess it was just cream. There was little in the salad area and had mini dishes of seasoned mushrooms instead.Another buffet that has a similar concept but much better food is Bacchanal at Caesar's. That place is worth the $40.
4	I'd been looking forward to trying this unique buffet and wasn't disappointed. The food was great and I had the chance to try at least 10 thing that I'd never tasted before and would never think to order in a restaurant (like cevice and shrimp and grits for example). The mac and cheese bar was great too.WICKED SPOON is a fraction of the size of other buffets, which is fine for the food part, but the desert offerings were underwhelming...We got there at 8:30 and they told us "last call for food is at 9:15".  we noticed they shut the lights down even on the desert table at 9:15--which is where people were finishing up (and plenty were still eating). We were pretty much done by then but It felt pushy and cheap that they'd shut down desert at the same time as the rest of the buffet.
3	Yes, there are some delicious items here. Not everything is amazing, but there is a large enough selection that you'll likely find quite a few things you like. The line is very very long (depending on when you go of course); I think we waited almost an hour to get in. The place is also gigantic so some long-distance plate-carrying may be in accord :P Still, for the steep price, not sure if it's worth the admission. Good to try at least once, right?
2	I went on a Tuesday night... No line and it was half filled when I got there (7pm) but as time went on more people came and filled the place. FOOD - it is okay. Yes they offer variety of food, seafood, chinese, korean, japanese, thai, italitan, french, etc. But are they good....?? hmmm.... let me start with asian section... sushi is all dried up so is the noodles. I did not really find anything i enjoyed in Asain section except for the Korean BBQ Kalbi. That was okay! Seafood... Crab legs were not my fav. Shrimp cocktail was okay...I loved the rib and the bone marrow. Umm... desert were okay....Service.... Server is hard to track down.. I kept asking for more drink but he was busy chatting with one of the table. Only thing I loved about this place is that they have amazing interior! very chic and modern... And that the food is already in small plates as one serving but that is about it.I didn't like the food. If they are going to charge that much for the buffet I sugest they improve on their food! After all food matters the most!!!
3	Their brunch/lunch buffet on a Wednesday was very disappointing. Food selections were very small and more disappointed in their dessert selection. I'm a dessert kind of gal and quite frankly was bitter about wicked spoon today. The first two times I've been there for their dinner buffet and was pleasantly pleased both times. Guess dinner is the way to go!
5	My new favorite place to eat in Vegas! I love the variety and great food and the dessert bar is amazing. This place is like a hidden gem. You'd never know it was in the Cosmopolitan upstairs. I like it that way. The few times I was there, it wasn't crazy crowded. Again, the food is REALLY good!
5	This is my most favorite buffet in Vegas and I prefer this over the buffet at Wynn hands down! Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmo hotel and you will probably recognize this place because everyone loves taking photos in the life sized heels that are around the buffet.I came here for lunch and it was about $40 for lunch. It was a little cheaper than the Wynn buffet but if you want to go more all out, you can get bottomless mimosas for $9 more. I dont know why you would do that if you are already going to stuff yourself with allll those other items. Lunch closes at 3pm on the weekends and dinner starts at 5pm so you cant really linger so you can get the best of both worlds, unless you plan on staying for 4 hours at this place haha. The wait was longer than Wynn and it took us about 40 minutes to get to the front and finally sit down. It is beautiful inside as well and the chairs are comfy. I like the Wynn decorations better though.The food is sooo delicious. There is so much variety but I really liked their tacos and their meat. I can describe all the food that they have but looking through photos will give you a better idea. I absolutely LOVEEEEE their dessert selection. They have so many desserts, cakes, macarons, GELATOOOO, tarts, chocolate covered strawberries, and sooo much more. Surprisingly my most favorite item was the yogurt and blueberries in a cup made out of chocolate. I can literally eat everything! I felt like Willy Wonka when he drank the tea and bit into the cup in the field of candy. I probably ate 5 of those. I ended up just asking if they can just give me blueberries and they were more than happy to give it to me. The desserts and food here are just so much better than Wynn and next time I go to vegas, I am just gonna head straight here :)**TIPS**1) Save room for dessert! The selection is wonderfully delicious!2) Food coma will hit you bad. Along with lack of sleep, the food coma knocked one of my friends out at the table. It was pretty hilarious.3) Enjoy!!!
5	Freaking Ah-Mah-Zing.  I went here with Mr. Booth and Mr. Bloewen and it was great.  This place is probably the best buffet that I have ever been to.  I actually can't even imagine a buffet being any better. The selections were just amazing, the presentation was fantastic, and the quality was great.  Even better is that they have $9 bottom less mimosas that also includes bloody Marys, wine, or champagne.  Made for a great sloppy Sunday in Vegas.Next time I come, I will definitely aim to return to this buffet.  If nothing else, the Gelato station alone is worth it.  Thank you for reaffirming my faith is a great Vegas Buffet.  Prices are about $35 pp plus $9 for the drinks.  Not super cheap, but def. a fair deal.
1	For the amount of money we paid for two for Sunday brunch (total of over $70) combined with the level of service (which was very poor) and quality of food (which was mediocre) we have definitely experienced better.Don't get me wrong, the Cosmopolitan is a gorgeous new hotel sprouting with young people all over the place.  The vibe is hip and cool and the "eye-candy" is everywhere.  The presentation of the food was alright, but what pissed me off was the young girl serving up the cuts of meat.  I asked nicely for a thin slice of beef and she obliged by actually throwing the meat onto the plate like I was some sort of dog.  No eye contact, no interaction, no "there you go, enjoy..."  I went back for seconds and was even worse the second time around.  What the Cosmopolitan lacks is great customer service that Las Vegas is known for.  That is what really keep the customers coming back (and that's for any business).  They need some more studying to do because we will NEVER return here.
2	I wanted to try  Bachannal, but the people in our group didn't want to pay $10 more, so we came here. Got there around 5:15 saturday and absolutely NO line! Walked right in and seated. It's very pretty and nice.The quality of the dishes and the "all you can eat" makes the price reasonable which I wanted to give 4 stars, However, I was a bit disappointed since there were "flaws" which I didn't expect after hearing all these amazing reviews. Especially when I had to convince my husband to go. (I secretly don't want to admit, that I really didn't enjoy it as much, since he argued that Bellagio/Wynn was cheaper, and now I think they are comparable) The quality of choices are great they had bone marrow and fancier dishes. Also crabs legs and sushi... but it's a buffet. So if you're a real foodie, then you probably won't go to a buffet. But this is good for all those that want to try all these dishes at a set price and a nicer buffet environment. They did not have a lot of the dishes that people posted on yelp. So I was disappointed in the selection.My husband said the lamb was overcooked, and his ribs were COLD. He didn't like the duck ravioli. He also didn't like that everything was portion controlled. Which visually they are "cute" and prevents over eating. but the 2 shrimps in a small glass were annoying. He said the prime rib was very good. There was this short rib dish I loved! but it was a tiny portion in a small pot container, which took up like half of the plate. The gnocchi lamb looked unappetizing just like the spaghetti & meatball. The korean kalbi ribs were also hard. The asian food, wasn't good. Except for the basil fried rice. Salmon a little bland, ceviche needed more lime, sushi was dry. Some sides were great like the roasted garlic tomatoes, creamed spinach, but nothing out of this world. I didn't even want to try the tacos which were tucked away in the corner. The desserts were yummy. Macarons like lette and cookies so good. Huge chocolate strawberries, so my money was well spent on desserts. Nutella and Salted caramel gelato good.  But everything else was similar to Wynn, Bellagio.Also want to note that we paid for our tip up front and were seated. Then after she brought us our drinks, my cousin called and wanted to join us so we requested to move to another table. (not in her section) Our new server was very nice, but towards the end, I mentioned to him that I put the tip on the check and wanted to make sure he will get it, then he said he won't get it, and its not fair cuz he served us etc. And asked me if I wanted to request it back, I said not to worry about it as I'll give him a tip too. Then later, he brought the 1st server back and put me on the spot saying I wanted my tip back. She was sweet to offer to give it back, but I said no she can keep it and that he would get one as well. It was just very awkward, and in the end I ended up tipping 2x (I shouldn't have tipped up front!) He also hovered and waited as my cousin and her family were leaving their tip.
5	Compared to all dining experiences, I would give Wicked Spoon a 4 - 4.5; however compared to its buffet peers, Wicked Spoon is definitely a 5. The selection is large, but more importantly the food is quality. This isn't your run of the mill cafeteria style buffet. Many of the dishes are prepared and packaged individually to preserve the presentation. I've gone several times for breakfast and dinner and have never been let down. This is a must if you are seeking a quality and reasonably priced buffet in Vegas.
4	Had some difficulty deciding between this or Bacchanal - for $9 less I got a meal that I thoroughly enjoyed that kept me full the entire day (and we got there at 10:30am for Saturday brunch!)Highlights: angry mac 'n cheese, fried chicken, amazing salad bar, and dessert.There were a variety of meats at the carving station, with more choices appearing overall after 11am such as bone marrow and more Asian items like dim sum, a creative take on a banh mi (bao style), roast pork w/ crispy skin, Korean short ribs. I wouldn't waste any stomach space on sushi though. The rolls were fine but nothing spectacular and the snapper nigiri was a little flavorless.As others have mentioned, the pre-portioned servings were cute and helpful. If you're a super light eater like me, I would recommend still sharing 1 portion to start. I say this because by the time I got around to the dessert table my stomach was in overflow mode and it's sad I couldn't eat more than a couple chocolate covered strawberries. There was only 1 flavor of macaron there (mango) but it was made better/more properly than many bakeries I've been to. There is also a gelato stand, and we tried the salted caramel peanut and Thai tea flavors. Both great, but Thai tea was my favorite. If only it was sold in stores....I admit it was a little pricier than I intended to spend ($33pp), but I didn't need any food for the rest of the day. So overall, not a bad deal!
5	This was my favorite buffet in Vegas and possibly ever! I came on a Saturday and the line was pretty long but it went by quickly. I paid around $70 for lunch not including tip for my sister and I. My favorite parts of the buffet were the Korean BBQ Beef Short Ribs, Pork Belly, Fried Chicken, Pizza, Garlic Bread, Gelato, and Desserts. Sodas and Juices are included in the price of the buffet as well. The food came in small individual sized portions so I was full and happy at the end of my meal and not too stuffed.
4	O.k. so this place was good, but was it $41 good? I don't know. . .  The food was good and the presentation was amazing but I was actually a little disappointed. The food did not taste that fresh (especially the sushi) and the dessert bar was definitely lacking (no creme brulee).  Some of the positives were the mac and cheese station where you can pick your own mac, cheese and toppings, the full Gelato bar and my favorite. . . bone marrow.  Yup, that's right.  They have halved bones, cooked and seasoned perfectly, for you to enjoy.  It's like eating the fattiest, juiciest piece of prime rib fat you can imagine.  I know, I know. It sounds kinda gross but you gotta try at least one.   Here's the best unexpected bonus for this buffet.  There's a chef behind the seafood station that will actually steam your crab legs for you (after you have selected them from the frozen bar).  It's quick and you end up with warm crab legs.  It was unexpected but oh so pleasant. Enjoy.
3	My experience was for the lunch. The decor is nice and bright, the leather on the seats showed considerable wear. Our server was slow and not readily available. We waited a long time for his arrival to bring water. Pick up of empty plates was slow and we were running out of room on the table.The food concept of small plates was a nice change from the traditional buffets. The overall food quality was good. Enjoyed the angry mac and cheese, nice tang. The pork in the box was tasty but I had to cutoff the fat. One of the BBQ shrimp was overcooked. The short ribs in the small pot was very tender. I would have  given Wicked Spoon 4 stars if the service was better.
4	Ummm, where else can I find a buffet that serves mini portions of delicious tasting pabulums?!?This place has got the high end kind of food. They have duck confit, the best sushi selections, oh and their DESSERTS! I love how they are tiny in portions so that you can try a little bit of everything and always have room for more! Some of the desserts were macarons, Godiva incorporated sweets, Strawberry Balsamic ice cream was so bomb! I liked how creative and pretty they designed their dishes, too. It's sort of on the pricier side. $40/person at night but I think it's worth it since the quality is there. Always a treat to come by here when you're in Vegas, so save all your appetite for this upscale buffet!
1	less choices of food than Caesar's Palace or Wynn ....food were either too oily or too salty. I am not sure if it was just our bad luck or what. Because I have heard quite a few hypes about the place.
4	Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, it's one of the better buffets in Vegas. They have the usual buffet fare, great selection of hot items, desserts, and seafood. Good service, great decor, good ambiance, no complaints here.
1	People on yelp must be insane crazy to review this place as the best food. No offense to anyone but my experience was horrible.FOOD - it is okay. Yes they offer variety of food, seafood, chinese, korean, japanese, thai, italitan, french, etc. Asian they have sushi dried up, rice, chow mean in togo box. Not enough selection for chinese. Three or four items only which was on Friday night. I don't eat beef and pork so I had barely much selections.Seafood... Crab legs were not my fav. Shrimp cocktail was okay...Nice dessert area but not the greatest.Interior is very modern but comes with a price tag of buffet almost $50 per person.
5	One of the best buffets on the strip, hands down! Awesome selection of food, hip looking seating area, and delicious desserts. The buffet was kind of located in a random part of the casino upstairs away from everything. But it's all good because it helps you work up an appetite by making you walk there.
5	Was here this past Sunday. I absolutely loved it!This buffet knew exactly what I wanted. First off, I got unlimited mimosas and bloody marys which was exactly the cure I needed.They have this spicy mac and cheese which is TO DIE FOR. I wish I could have some right now. It was seriously the best mac and cheese I have ever had. They have everything from sea food, sushi, salad, wings, italian.... I don't know I really think they have everything. I can eat here every day of my life!Can't forget to mention they have a cute little dessert bar! And the portions are really small so you can take 1 of everything on your plate.They have a gelato bar. LOVED IT. I am definitely returning when I go back to Vegas!
4	Im gluten Free and was able to find a lot of food I could eat. WOW massive and lots of choices. You cant go wrong eating here. I was a fan. The food is fresh and tasty
4	I was very excited to check out The Wicked Spoon. It was smaller than I had imagined but The food was very good- Not your average Buffet fare.Highlights:Prime rib with HorseradishBBQ Shrimp with Creamy gritsKale, cranberry, and almond salad-Love the vinaigrette dressing!Blue cheese wedge saladDesserts were good. The Thai Iced tea ice cream was not as good as i had hoped but the Salted Peanut caramel ice cream made up for it!
5	Wicked Spoon can stand up to the best buffets in Vegas.  A long-time fan of the Bellagio and Wynn buffets, I was worried Wicked Spoon was all flash and no substance.  I couldn't have been more wrong.Small plates are all the rave at Wicked Spoon.  Creative showmanship, like tiny fry baskets with chicken wings, make for a fun presentation and ensure you aren't over-eating.  Plan on making several trips so you can truly get a taste for every item. The atmosphere is fun and fresh, the exact opposite of your typical feeding frenzy buffet.  I had the brunch buffet, with fresh squeezed OJ, exceptional french toast, and bottomless bloody mary drinks.  I made my way through mouth watering short ribs and homemade sausages, and enjoyed an impressive spread.  Usually I skip the dessert items (or end up being disappointed by the phoned-in offerings), but Wicked Spoon really delivers here.  Their gelato was smooth, creamy, and worth the wait in the small line (The line is what drew me - people waiting in line for ice cream at a buffet seemed out of the ordinary).For brunch, there's no better place to spend your money in Vegas.  I'd still look for Bacchanal or Bellagio for dinner, but Wicked Spoon gets my 5 stars for Sunday Mornings in style!
5	This is my 3rd visit to wicked spoon during my last 3 visits to Vegas since October 2012! This is by far the best buffet in Vegas!  The quality of food and selection is bar none. My fave are the gnocchi and shrimp cocktail.  As well the dessert selection is spectacular especially the ice cream - any flavour. I went for 11am on a Friday and it was $24 per person with a choice of drink.  This meal kept me full until the next day!
2	We chose to have lunch at this buffet today because of the great reviews everyone is leaving here, however we were disappointed. We paid $79.99 for 2 and I wish we spent it at the nice restaurant.Food selection was very small. I love seafood and there was nothing of that sort. Just 3 types of sushi which I didn't risk eating as it didn't look fresh. Most of the food we ended up eating was really tasteless. Desserts were not tasteful either. I just don't understand what people are raving about. Maybe we just have high standards.Would not recommend this place.
5	Very good! Wide variety of food. Went for memorial day weekend and they upped the priced by like 11 bucks. Worth the experience but I probobly would come back on a regular day. Prime Rib was good, mashed potatoe, corn, mac n cheese and ice cream was smoothest Ive had! Awesome!!
4	We went there for brunch for $37 a person with tax it goes to $40 dollars even.  I have to admit the service was great as the people gave us our drinks and then cleaned our table as soon as we got more food.  They service bone marrow, kalbi beef, chicken sausage and all the trimmings. It was very good, they do have an omelet station, wished i tried it, but was too lazy to wait.  Pretty big, the quality of food was great and dessert was good.  Great buffet, not so sure for $40 a head, but lot of variety which is nice.
5	Oh Wicked Spoon...You have ruined me for life.This is no ordinary Vegas buffet.  In fact it probably doesn't even deserve to be grouped in with the category of typical Vegas style buffets. The food is so unique here, and you're telling me that I can eat as much as I like?  Goodbye diet.Korean kalbi ribs - really good. Bits of charred caramelized sauce covering the tender meatChinese style ribs - didn't have high expectations on this but fall off the bone yummy.Chinese style crispy shrimp - nicely done.  eat the shells!  Thats where the seasoning is.Fried chicken wings - 2 to a basket.  Nicely seasoned but wish the skin could have been crisped up a bit more.  Still, the meat was really juicy inside.Crab legs - I was all crabbed out by the time we ate here but the crab legs are already sliced open for you to scoop out the meat.  None of that crack, bend and hope to pull out the meat BS.Sushi - I'm glad there wasn't many sushi offerings here since buffet sushi is rarely good.  Avocado roll for the kid was perfect.Bone marrow - I tried it.  I don't get it.Shepherd's Pie  and beef brisket - by the time I got to these, I was already overstuffed.  I just had to taste it.salads - kale salad, beet salad, smoked trout salad - all goodshrimp with pea sprouts - holy moly good!mac and cheese station - got mine with green onion and bacon.  so tasty and the button sized noodles are perfect to poke with a fork.Desserts - cakes, mousses, gellato, chocolate covered strawberries.  So pretty and some with gold leaf or stamped with chocolate pictures.  Arnold Palmer tasted kind of odd.  I'll order something different next time.Service was top notch.  Waiter was great and another dude picked up the plates that were ever finished.  So for the price you pay, it is well worth the extra $5-10 splurge over the average Strip buffet.  This will be the only buffet I'll be eating at on my next trip.
4	Price: $40/person, dinnerWe were initially intrigued because of the hype that surrounded the Wicked Spoon buffet. It was our first night in Vegas, coming from a 4-ish hour drive with nothing but dunkin donut munchkin for snacks, so we were pretty hungry when we got there.The Good: Let's start with the atmosphere, over all it was great, seats were nicely spaced out you can still talk about vegas mischiefs without your neighbor hearing it. The "buffet" and trays are widely distributed so people don't flock in at one spot. The dishes are separately served in dainty little containers, or at least most of it. It's literally a grab and go sort of feat, which is also more sanitary because you wouldn't worry about serving wares being held by strangers with their vegas hands and then accidentally falling into the food tray, yes I'm a health freak like that. Non alcoholic drinks come with the buffet price, pretty much a standard for vegas buffets. If you have foursquare, you can check in and they give you a free glass off champagne. I told my server I didn't have one, the boyfriend did but his phone's dead. She gave me a free glass of mimosa anyway. Plates were quickly cleaned out as soon as you stand up for another round of serving. Gold star for service. I enjoyed most of the things I got which was the shrimp cocktail, spaghetti and meatballs, salad bar items, bone marrow, seasoned tomato, and mashed potatoes. In a tween's world. I think these items would be described as very nomnom.The bad: if you're a seafood person, this wouldn't be the place for you they only had a couple of sushi items, that didn't look eu so fresh, I decided to skip it and save me from a possible stomach problem. Their sushi had thin slices of shrimp it was mostly rice in their. Over all, I would skip the Asian side of the buffet, the egg drop soup was bland, chow mein was bordering on salty. There isn't a whole lot of choices for dessert, cookies, flavored marshmallows, the star for me was the exotic white chocolate mousse. Their gelato was smooth and creamy, however I wish it wasn't served in hot dessert bowls it melted in an instant obviously.The Ugly: Gnochhi. Try it if you want but man was that just... bad. Overall for $40 it's not bad (Vegas prices) if you're really hungry then why the hell not. Would I recommend it, sure. However if you're a seafood person just looking for a stuffed tummy you might want to consider other places. Or you may even want to try places from household name restaurateurs in the strip.
4	I am usually devoted to the Wynn Las Vegas Buffet, "The Buffet."  However, I am curious about trying alternatives.  I really like the Wicked Spoon buffet.  I am a huge fan of "good presentations" of food (perhaps that is one reason I like Apple products, but that is another story for another day).  Even before tasting the food, I fell in love with the way that the food is presented.  It just has a fun, approachable, and good natured vibe to the way that the food is presented.  To me, the small things matter a lot.  I also like the fact that this buffet likes to use creativity by adding items to the menu that are not found at other buffets, such as the bone marrow (which I normally would never order, and which even now, I still have mixed feelings about, but I did relish the opportunity to try it).  I like the angry Mac and Cheese, Korean kalbi ribs, salad, chicken pizza, prime rib, etc, etc.  I think they could use some practice on the sushi.  I had the spicy Maki roll, but it didn't have much flavor.  I like that the environment itself was also "upscale and chic" and decidedly modern in style.
3	Don't get me wrong the food was excellent and even the waitress and floor manager was great, but what concerned me as a customer was the lack of professionalism from the hostess/cashier when I asked if there was a military discount. I am not hoarder of discounts when it comes to my brother and sisters in arms and nor do I think we deserve prefertional treatment when we on vacation, but I don't think that being disrespected is warranted. The hostess/cashier was rude and for that reason alone I gave 3 instead of 5 stars.
2	It's Vegas, so it's expensive, but this was something way below par. Great selection on paper but in person, very bland.
4	My favorite was the tacos and chocolate covered strawberries. For a buffet our service was phenomenal.
3	I don't know why people rave about Wicked Spoon so much.  I've come here for both lunch and dinner and the food is okay.  The kalbi ribs, beet salad, and bone marrow are the go to dishes.  I much prefer Wynn, or the new buffet at Caesar's
4	I've never experienced a buffet like this one.  It is truly unique.  Have you ever been to a 5 star restaurant?  One of those fancy places where you pay $30 for some amazing culinary delight that comes beautifully arranged on a plate the size of a thumbnail?  Great, now picture that that place was $35 per person and all you can eat, and you get the Wicked Spoon.  Every item on their buffet line is individually plated to give you that 5 star dining experience, but the restaurant is set up buffet style, so you can select whichever plates look tempting, and try it all...as much as you care to eat.  We've eaten there 6 or 7 times, and have never had a bad experience.  Their desserts are delightful, their mac & cheese bar is awesome, and their whipped potatoes are some of the best I've ever eaten.  My wife loves that they serve bone marrow (which is really hard to find) and that they have really high quality sushi.  The atmosphere is upscale but not anywhere near black tie.  I wouldn't be comfortable there in shorts and a tee shirt, but business casual is appropriate.  The seats are very comfortable and spaced so you aren't sitting on top of the table next to you.  The noise level is not at all hushed, but it is quiet enough to easily carry on a conversation with those at your table.  Their wine selection is much better than you'd find at a normal buffet, but nothing that would draw in a true vinophile.  If you are looking for a traditional buffet, this is not your place - but if you are in the mood for something a bit more upscale, Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo offers a spectacular evening that will bring a tear to the eye of any foodie.
4	One would think that after a night of gambling losses and drunken debauchery in Vegas, the LAST thing you'd want to do is throw down some more bones on a buffet brunch. Well, if you keep thinking like that you'll be dead soon. Medical science has proven it. What's worse, you'll have died without getting the opportunity to gorge yourself on the gastronomic feast -- and excellent hangover cure -- that is Wicked Spoon.I found myself in that very same scenario recently. I was staying at Aria and I met some friends down at Mandalay Bay for a "pub crawl" of casinos, where we stay at each resort long enough to enjoy two drinks before moving to the next one. By the time we got to Monte Carlo we were hammered. And I started chatting to this Canadian cheerleader at the BlackJack table. We took some tequila shots and had a cartwheel competition. Shortly after that I blacked out*The following day I awoke to a phone ringing. A guy I know who lives locally was waiting for me at the Cosmopolitan so we could grab brunch. I forgot we'd made plans. I was in no mood to eat, but I couldn't cancel at the last minute, so I rinsed off and brushed my teeth and trudged over to meet him. He brought me to the Wicked Spoon, and spent the next three-plus hours stuffing our faces. I love the individual servings you can grab instead of having to pile mountains of unrelated foodstuffs on your plate. And there were breads, and meats, and mac and cheeses, eggs in little skillets, french toast, huevos rancheros...and then suddenly we went back up to refill our plates and (gasp) the menu had changed to lunch. So we got to eat even MORE food in addition to the already disgusting amount of breakfast we'd put away. There were pastas, and gnocchi, and brussels sprouts, and different mac and cheeses, and more meats. Before we left, natch, we had to have dessert too. Chocolate chip cookie sandwiches filled with gelato. It was gluttony plain and simple, and I loved every delicious bite.* It turns out what happened was I went back to the cheerleader's room with her, and stayed there for a few hours, but passed out on the bathroom floor before I could seal the deal. She rifled through my jacket for my phone and used it to call the last number I'd dialed (which luckily was my roommate) and he came and fetched me and took me back to my room. Apparently in the whole ordeal took some amount of time, because she called my roommate later to complain that I'd made her miss her flight back to Canada.My mom was right. I really am a catch!
5	Its a must try when you go to Vegas. The one word that describes the dining experience is WOW. I made my husband take me  there for dinner and he's talking  about going back.. it's like an all you can eat tapas bar.Definitely try the Mac & cheese bar. The cream of garlic soup was different and delicious.
3	I've been here for dinner once and twice for brunch. Out of the three times, I would still give it a three star. I honestly don't think the food is that great here even when I come HUNGRY. But I have to admit, they have the presentation on lock-down.
4	Really nice selections at this buffet, and good value for the price. Came here for lunch with some girlfriends, and loved the individual portions. It really does help with avoiding eating too much of one thing, so you can try all of it (well, not quite). Also, it means you can get a lot more plates because only 3 or 4 little dishes fit on a plate :)Overall, food was fresh, dessert was good, and the waiters taking your drink orders were very helpful (who's importance is definitely not to be underestimated!). A very nice layout and pretty setting too.
4	After much research into finding a good buffet in Vegas, I found the Wicked Spoon. I had read some horror stories about other buffets, so I was pretty picky about where we ate on our first trip to Vegas. This buffet did not disappoint.First of all, it is expensive. $80 for two people, but that did include all you can eat and soft drinks. The buffet was the most high end I have ever been to. It had appetizers which included a variety of salads, a meat and cheese spread, shrimp cocktail and more. The main course dishes went on forever. Crab legs, bone marrow, lobster claws, mac and cheese bar, fried chicken, sweet potato mash, Korean short ribs, pizza, I could go on and on and on. My absolute favorite thing by far was the gnocchi. It was quite possibly the best gnocchi I have ever had, the sauce was fantastic, the gnocchi was perfect, soft and cooked to perfection. I would go back and only have that every single time. The dessert section also seemed to have an extraordinary amount of variety. Puddings, gelato, cake, pie, cheesecake, cookies, rice pudding, and my favorite, enormous chocolate covered strawberries dipped in Heath bar or Reese cups. Again, if all they served was gnocchi and those strawberries, I would pay for it time and time again.Overall it was a great experience, our server was great, she kept our table clear and our drinks full. It wasn't super busy when we were there, but I can imagine it would get a little crazy if it would be busier. I recommend an early dinner or late lunch because when we finished by 6:30p or so, people were pouring in. It's a place you must try, but you won't ever look at another buffet the same way!
5	This is definitely one of the best buffets I've ever been to. My friends and I went for breakfast, but they had lunch food out, too, so we got the best of both worlds. They had everything from fruit to eggs to mac and cheese to gelato and everything in between. It was good quality food, too (not poor quality like you get at a lot of buffets). I'd definitely recommend paying Wicked Spoon a visit, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan.
4	Dinner here was about 40 per person and it was pretty worth it. Their portions were REALLY filling though; a lot of the portions came with sides, like their meats would have mashed potatoes or something on the bottom so I ended feeling like I wasted a lot of food because I couldn't possibly finish everything I got! The dessert too, oh man, it looks sooooo good but I don't think there was anything that really stood out for me. It was pretty good overall, and service was good too.
3	This Vegas buffet definitely did not live up to the hype. I must say that the gnocchi, macaroni and cheese, and some other dishes were pretty excellent, however the selection is incredibly small! The buffet for lunchtime did only cost about $28 though so I guess you are getting the quality you pay for. The dessert selection also was not that impressive....wished there were macaroons! :(Overall, a good place for college students who aren't rolling in dough to come to. I'd rather spend a little more and go elsewhere though!
5	I could only muster 2 plates of food because I gorged so much on each one! The food is delicious, probably the best buffet in Vegas. Add on endless mimosas for $10 and your breakfast is set. I'd be back if staying at Cosmo again even though it is over $40 per person. Worth every penny though.
1	After reading reviews on here, I decided to dine at WS for my Birthday dinner.  I was so excited because I saw that they served Bone marrow, which I have never heard of a buffet serving.  I figured I had to pace myself, so I grab a plate of the crab legs, which was nice because they are already split and ready to eat!  After finishing my warm-up plate, I was going to get my second plate.  As I was turning to show my bf what I got, some random stranger walked by and wanted to share what he had eaten by projecting vomit all over my right side! I was like WTF? Did this just happened to me? On my Birthday? Just shocked and stun, I was so embarrassed because everyone who was sitting there saw what happen. I quickly went to the bathroom to clean myself off and trying not to vomit myself. I was picking chunks of pasta noodles and meat off my shirt and hair.  I was mortified and humiliated and just wanted to get to a shower and get the strangers vomit off me. I proceeded to the front and ask for the manager to get a refund, because at this point I was done arguing with the guy who assaulted me with vomit. I informed the manager of what happened and he gave me a refund. Did they do anything to compensate for this? Nope! I felt that they did nothing to make the situation better but only gave me a refund. The customer service was handled very poorly and have left a very bad first impression on me.  I am traumatized and am very skeptical about going to buffets now, especially in Vegas.  Being assaulted with a strangers vomit isn't exactly the birthday dinner I had imagined.  I wish I could rate on the food but since I didn't get the chance to enjoy it but as far as the customer service; I felt that it could of been handled better. So don't expect bend over backwards service.
4	Great buffet.  Food was very nicely made too.  Much higher quality than other places I have tried like Paris, Bellagio, even M hotel.  However m hotel was much more worth it for the price especially when it includes drinks.  Still...I would come back to this buffet again for the quality of food but I suggest throwing in a glass of wine with the price :)
3	I was so excited to try this place because of all the press and photos I'd seen. Sadly, I ended up being a tad underwhelmed. I love the individual servings as opposed to big messy trays where people duel to the death for certain items or use whatever tongs they can get a hold of. However, there just wasn't enough variety to make everyone happy.Meat lovers have tons of enticing options, such as duck ravioli, bone marrow, and braised boar ragout. Seafood lovers have less to choose from. The menu was very shrimp-heavy-shrimp cocktail, shrimp ceviche, Spanish-style garlic shrimp...Maybe this is the Asian lady in me, but I was wondering the whole time, "Where are the clams? Mussels? Calamari? Fish?" There were one or two fish dishes, which were rather cookie cutter and nothing exciting. Crab legs were offered, so you might be happy if that's your thing. I never cared much for crab legs, so I was left wanting more.Vegetarians are even less well-represented, unless you count the salad bar. And vegans? Forget about it.This all-you-can-eat is pretty awesome for people who have a sweet tooth; I'll give it that. Desserts range from macarons to strawberry cream puffs to a dense chocolate cake. For me, the desserts were the highlight of my dining experience here.We came at dinnertime, supposedly when buffets put out the best of the best. And we were in Vegas, known to be a buffet heaven. Despite all that, I failed to be impressed by this newer restaurant. The Wicked Spoon, though it serves some decent (not great) meat dishes with decadent ingredients, didn't meet my definition of a great buffet.
5	I absolutely love, love, LOVE this buffet. The food was fantastic and cooked perfectly. I went to several buffets in Las Vegas and did not like most of them but this place has become one of my favorite buffets to eat at. The prime rib was ohhhh so delicious. I loved that some of the foods were served in little pans. Salad bar, hot foods, and desserts were all good. I like the atmosphere as well. Very nice.
5	LOVE this buffet. We've been to Bacchanal (at Caesar's) which blew us away, but now that Caesar's prices are completely outrageous, we won't be debating which place is better. I'm a total germ-a-phobe, so it's great that everything is in individual servings even though its a little cumbersome to place on a plate. The dessert section was out of this world. We've never had bad service in the 3 times we have been here, even though I had a plate dumped on my bag accidentally by a server and my meal was comped by a very attentive manager who came right over with a wet cloth and a broom. In the fall, they had a server passing out spiced hot cider while people were waiting in line to be seated and checked in. The line does move very quickly, but this helps with the wait anyway.
2	Wonderful setting but the food is less than desirable. This establishment is less frequented than other establishment which means more food is under the heat lamps longer than usual. The food experience is just really average for a more than average price. Definitely not worth your time and cash.
2	As a buffet lover who has tried both Wicked Spoon AND Bacchanal @ Caesar's, I say the latter wins. My hubby and I were both pretty hungry so we decided to come try this place because of the hype and what all my friends have been saying. One star for no line because the buffet was open all day due to the holiday weekend. The other star is for our friendly server. Food..? Uhm.. They make too many portions at one time and just have it sitting out there. None of the food I tried tasted "fresh" and "just out of the oven." Pizza was dry, sushi rice was stale, meatballs on spaghetti were cold.... Could've been cause they overestimate the crowd for the holiday, but that's not an excuse. Anyway.. Next time I will definitely be taking my family and Friends to BACCHANAL!
2	I've been to Wicked Spoon a few times. The first time, I felt disappointed and was never tempted to come back. Once in a while, friends would really want to come eat here and I would join in partially hoping to be pleasantly surprised. I'm still not impressed. The idea of small plates at a buffet is a different concept but not one I like because I feel like I'm always wasting a lot of food and it is cumbersome to position them on a plate. I can't finished the portions that they make at times and the food rarely taste fresh. Not to mention, I have to take some thought to engineer how I place items on my plate so I won't be running around the buffet. I like the idea of having cute little plates for my food but must say that the execution of the concept somewhat failed.
4	There was nothing unfair or harsh about the round silverware at this buffet. Frankly, I don't understand the name, unless someone from New England had a hand in coming up with it. Then I sort of get it. But still. I think the name Hella Spoon sounds better.I came here with two friends on the second day of an eight day road trip. It was the day after Easter Sunday. That means it was a Tuesday. It was around one in the afternoon. There was a small line and I wasn't intimidated by the multiple rows of velvet ropes.I don't know if I would go back. It was about 16 miles away from the front door of the Cosmo. I was exhausted by the time I got there. I had to walk by all of these weird sculptures. I don't know. I don't know.The food was very good and as you can probably tell from the other reviews, it is a cut above some of the other Las Vegas buffets. We checked in using FourSquare and got some free champagne, and then none of us wanted to drink any of it. So that was a waste.Hella waste.
5	We ate here twice on our trip one time for breakfast and one time for lunch. They are the same price they basically call it brunch from 7-3. The quality was excellent I had so many things i cannot even remember. The smoked salmon and bagels were excellent. Assortment of cheese and fresh fruits. The hash browns with cheese were well done. Lots of items served inseperate dishes you can just grab. I tried the macaroni and cheese with orchetta pasta was very good with a spicy kick. Everything was just amazing I wish I had a bugger appetite I could have ate more ! This by by far is my favorite buffet. I tried the homemade gelato all of them they were excellent they give you a tiny scoop so I tried about 6 flavors. The best was the pistachio and the almost joy and the nutella. This buffet is worth the price $24.99 m-th and fri-sun $34.99 for brunch.
1	This buffet is GOOD and I still want to show them some love but after I found a SPIDER crawling in their beloved chocolate-covered strawberries (you know, the ones everyone writes about), it completely put me off and ruined my meal. Imagine taking a bite out of your strawberry, and then look down to see a spider drop down onto your plate from the strawberry you're holding. Pretty much a sure fire way to completely lose your appetite for the rest of the day.But I think I was more put off by the way the manager handled the situation. The server sends over the manager who just stands there as I explain (I wasn't that annoyed, I was just trying to make them aware because no one wants to eat a damn spider). But then he just stands there, doesn't really say anything and makes it really awkward. Like....was I supposed to make a bigger fuss so I can get something comped? I think it was his really quiet demeanor and just standing there that made me think "okay so....really, you don't know how to handle it". You could have just confidently told me you're sorry and will inform the staff about the issue. I think I was more put off by the clueless manager who didn't really know how to handle the situation. The other staff is great though.Hopefully this was just a one-time occurrence but pretty sure I won't be going back for a long time. Bleh.
5	hands down the best all around buffet on the strip. period.
5	If you can somehow overlook the price..Just know its worth it. Everything I tried was good!! Out of all the things my fav was the Thai basil rice with egg. Lol I'm Asian what can you say..
5	We went two days in a row for the breakfast buffet earlier this month (May '13). Great price for the selection and quality of food, and the addition of the unlimited mimosas for only $9 is a must- my glass was never empty. I'm normally on a paleo diet, and I was able to stick to it for the most part- I had to have the Nutella gelato, and I'm so happy I did.
4	I'm not a buffet person, I just don't eat enough to make the cost worth it. However, the Wicked Spoon was worth it. They have small plates that encourage you to eat a little bit of everything. Also, they have  a ton a healthy, interesting salads that I just loved. They had a beet salad, a egg and bacon salad, an octopus salad. Loved it! They also had a "cheese plate" selection with Stilton cheese, brie, more with grapes. Yummy. My husband loved their roasted tomatoes with Korean beef. Oh and I almost forgot they have King Crab legs. OMG delicious and fresh tasting. Their desserts were okay, but I was so fully by then it didn't really matter :)
4	4.5 stars.  This is my new favorite buffet in LV.  Their offerings are just creative enough to keep me coming back but not too creative that it's too foreign to me and turns me off.  I love that they serve many of their dishes as individually portioned items.  I loved their braised short ribs w/ creamy polenta, kale salad, mango mousse/ daquoise, korean bbq short ribs/galbi, korean spicy octopus, tomato salad, slab bacon, yogurt and fruit parfait, raspberry and chocolate tart, and their pistachio gelato.  Brunch is $28 a person.Other important info: no seafood (cocktail shrimp, oysters, crab legs), vast gelato selection, individually portioned items, fresh, clean, don't forget to try their mango mousse/ daquoise, and offers take-out for $18.
4	Had dinner here on a Tuesday night and we were seated immediately.  Service was great - drinks brought out quickly, plates cleared efficiently and waitress was very pleasant. We enjoyed how everything was pre-portioned out in cute individual servings dishes, which included tiny fry baskets and tiny pots. Good selection of seafood, veggies and pastas.  They also had crab legs which were pre-split in half lengthwise, which made it nice & easy to get the crab meat out.  I also had a good share of the bone marrow, which was also split in half lengthwise for easy access.  The tiny slice of margherita pizza was surprisingly good - but they ran out by the time I made my 2nd go-around. Be sure to save room for the large dessert selection.  My favorite desserts were the macarons, the gelato and the giant chocolate covered strawberries.  They had a large gelato selection with flavors ranging from pistachio, chocolate & berries.  However, the panna cotta was more like a pudding and not at all like panna cotta, but at least it wasn't overly sweet.  My one complaint is that the hot foods seemed to cool down really quickly.  Everything I ate seemed to be room temperature by the time I sat down, which makes me wonder how hot they are keeping everything.I would recommend this buffet for everyone at least once.  The various salads were unique and well plated, there was a large variety of different types of food and the restaurant was well laid out and decorated nicely.
4	OMG the best buffet I have ever been toooooooooooooo.  The gelato deserts are a great end to an amazing meal. They have small plates of food which is a great way of having different tastes and then eating more then one.  They have great options for seafood, breakfast and vegi options too which is what I enjoy the most.  The food is gourmet and I have been back several times already.  When I go to Las Vegas, I have to go to Wicked Spoon too.
4	Most items are in individual serving bowls/plates/pots. Very cute concept and smart so that you do not get more than you need. My faves were the short rib over polenta and the figs. They have tons of desserts and gelato! The strawberry balsamic was the best. I would definitely go back.
2	I came looking for the macaroons, but it ran out.. so i was pretty unhappy.. service was great..  good thing was, there's no line..without macaroons, its nothing special.. the buffet in Rio (not the seafood) imo.. was  better, for the same price..
3	The first time I went here I wasn't really impressed, but this time they stepped it up a notch. There was a pretty good variety from American to Asian food.Likes: Pork, the Salads, Egg Benedict, the Soups, and GelatoDislikes: Cinnamon Toast, Sushi, and most of the Desserts.
5	I have not even ate here and I am already here! God help them,
1	Horrible service.Cashier - attitudeServer - lazy Cooks "seafood section" - talking in a foreign language about u. I wouldn't come here on a holiday weekend that's for sure.
4	This may be the best buffet I've ever been to. Amazing selection of food, from crab legs to taco bar to fried chicken. The real standout here was the Mac and cheese bar. Choose from three different cheeses, along with bacon, steak, shrimp, scallions, tomatoes, and more. The chef making the Mac and cheese was super accommodating to special requests and seemed to really enjoy his job. This buffet gets high marks also for presentation. I loved the little individualized portions of everything, and as a germ freak appreciated that I didn't have to use the same sticky ladles that everyone else had been touching. Two small complaints that keep this from a five star review: the service was not too friendly and the dessert bar, while extensive, didn't really have too much that impressed me. With that being said I would definitely return for that Mac and cheese bar alone!!
4	As a Marriott Platinum, the front of the line privileges (and the free breakfast buffet for two if you choose that option) really save some major time in line. The food diversity is everything you would expect out of a high end Las Vegas buffet. Great service and staff. Only four stars because there was simply no "wow" factor - otherwise, a great place to dine for either brunch or dinner!
5	Love, love, love this place! I think this beats this Wynn buffet! It's only $26 dollars for brunch usually for weekdays  but the price was upped for MDW.This place is hidden in a corner of the Cosmo. The service was fantastic and the selection was amazing. The presentation made you squeal because of the individual portions (I love minis!) Mac n cheese was served in mini skillets, the spicy fried chicken was in a tiny metal basket, there was salad in shot glasses, the chinese food was in individual cartons, and don't me started about the dessert.My favorite was the jasmine fried rice and the cobbler. It was probably the best cobbler I've ever eaten. The cuts of meat were fantastic although I did notice that a lot of the food was very oily.I will definitely be returning!!!
5	This is now my favorite buffet in Vegas.Love the way they hand out nicely portioned units of dishes in little containers. They had these micro pots of short rib with polenta that were definitely the best thing in the whole place. Wicked Spoon may not have the breadth of the Carnival World buffet at the Rio, or the seafood offerings of Bacchanal, but what it has is all pretty tasty (and all come in cute containers!).The dessert section is amazing, too. Chocolate-covered strawberries for days. Gelato bar? Yes please. When we went, we had a huge group, and we all got the all-you-can-drink option, so they just gave us a few bottles of champagne and juice mixers, and let us go to town. Amazing.
4	Wicked Spoon isn't bad at all for a buffet. It averages $30/person. They have a good variety in entree choices but it's their dessert selection that makes this place good.If you're a big seafood person, then this may not be the buffet for you because there isn't a big seafood area with crab legs spilling over, shrimp and mussels.  However, they do come out with other unique dishes. And there is what seems like an endless choice in desserts. I loved their chocolate covered strawberries, macaroons, cheesecake bites and gelato. Another plus about Wicked Spoon is that most of their selections come in individually portioned plates since that makes it less messy and so you aren't picking around at food that other people touched.
2	This is a one point five star review. I do not write scathing reviews but the food quality is way below par. You can taste that recently they decided to cut food costs and reduce quality.Note: the gelato bar is still awesome but the cup they serve it in is the size of a small butter pad.Sushi. You can tell they removed the saran wrap and serve sushi made off-site. I am going to set the over-under on length of time the rice was made at seven hours. Smart money bets the over. For you not sports bet enthusiasts, this means the rice is old. Oh, the fish tastes stale and fake.Seafood. The crab legs look and taste like frozen water. They should have a sign plaque that says "Weak-ass snow crab legs". Shrimp: tolerable.Asian food. It was ok. The food preserves well under heat lamps and food warmers. The veggies held up well Italian salami and greek salad: passable.Bone marrow tasted like it was diseased cow. You can't just take any old bone and dole it out as bone marrow. It has to be high quality.Lamb chops or lamb shank: THERE WAS NONE.Ribeye: ABSENT.Roast beef: Quality was like an Old Country Buffet Salad: Made me yearn for Sweet Tomatos.I love and respect Connie Chang's Yelp reviews. She needs to update her 06-18-2012 review that is almost one year old. This buffet has changed. Do not eat here until I update that it is better here.BTW, I was STARVED when I ate here. It was after swimming on the 14th floor pool over Memorial Day. I ate there at 515pm on FRI during Memorial Day.
4	I built up so much anticipation before trying the Wicked Spoon, and it definitely did not disappoint! We came for brunch on a slow Friday, so there was no line at all. Going into a buffet of this size, you definitely need a strategy. I tried to avoid filling up on carbs like french toast that I could eat anywhere else. I loved that a lot of dishes were pre-portioned into manageable sizes that allowed me to try a little bit of everything!Starting out on the appetizers, they have a great selection of salads, cheeses, and cold dishes. I probably had 3 of the mini parfaits because yogurt, granola, and fruit is one of my favorite combinations. However, the stand outs are really the main dishes. The fried chicken comes in a cute little frying dispenser. Usually I am not a huge fan of fried foods, but the way this chicken fried was perfection. The skin was crispy and well-seasoned, but not too oily. The meat inside was tender and cooked just right. I also loved the gnocchi that was served in its own little pot. Made out of sweet potato, the gnocchi's texture was nice and chewy. The sauce was delicious and not overwhelmingly creamy, which would've made the dish too heavy. In the Asian section, I loved the papaya salad because it provided a light finish to some of the heavier foods. Dessert. With a sweet tooth like mine, the selection of desserts was a dream come true. The mere size of the chocolate covered strawberries was incredible, but they went one step further and coated the outside with Oreo crumbs. Another one of my favorites was the espresso-flavored Rice Krispy treats. It took one of my favorite childhood treats and brought it to a whole different level! The plain chocolate cake was also heaven for a chocolate lover like me. As if that wasn't enough, the gelato selection is amazing with flavors like Nutella and Stracciatella, so you really can't leave without trying at least one. Wicked Spoon is definitely one of my favorite Vegas buffets, and the price is actually relatively reasonable. I can't wait to go back!
2	It's funny. I had breakfast here a few months ago. The food was fine, but I walked out thinking that the staff just seemed....well, dickish. My server brought me one water and I never saw him again. I stopped a different server to ask if perhaps my guy was on break. He said, "no," and walked away. Not, "I'll get him for you" or even the ideal answer: "How may *I* help?" But Wicked Spoon has a bunch of solid reviews, so I held off on writing mine until I could go back for a second opinion.Today was that day.I walked in with three friends and approached the cashier shortly after 2pm. Her greeting to us? "Did you hear what she told those people?" Huh? Did we hear what who told whom?Rolling her eyes to the next cashier, the bundle of hospitality sneered, "she SAID we're closed. We close at two." Well excuse the flying fock out of us. Maybe someone could post a sign to that effect at the entrance? Maybe you could get off your lazy ass and click the velvet rope thingy across the entrance to the zig-zag waiting line chute? Either of those would work since you clearly do not have the personality necessary to communicate the information verbally.I hadn't told my buddies about my first impression of the service here. But every one of us left with a lasting impression this time. The cashier could have used fewer words and, frankly, done her JOB by simply being, oh, I dunno...polite. She could have said, "I am so sorry, gentlemen. Buffet seating ends at 2pm daily so we can begin setting up for dinner service. Please come back and see us." But she'd rather be a bitch. No, not just a bitch. A bitch who was so goddamn lazy, she tried to get us out of there by relying on the other cashier's verbiage to some other guests that we never saw.Cosmopolitan? My ass.Actually, I'm sorta happy things went down this way. The bitchy clerk managed to confirm everything I walked away feeling the first time. And I didn't have to blow $25 on the buffet this time.
4	Had brunch here fore about $25 bucks a pop on a weekday. Came with one mimosa, champagne or red or white wine. I don't drink so I got OJ. The bone marrow was just okay. Favs: Pork Belly, Beet Salad and the AMAZINGly tasty Kale salad. Everything else was okay. The nutella gelato was very yummy though. Nice ambiance and lighting. Pretty good selection of items for lunch.
5	This place is amaze a balls! I love love love this buffet! It is a bit pricey($45 ish with unlimited champagne/bloody marys option) but it is well worth it. Do not eat 12-16 hours before here to really get your money's worth! YUM YUM YUM from beginning to end-it is like disney world for food lovers!
4	b o n e  m a r r o w s h r i m p  a n d  g r i t s Delish!!! Desserts were not as appetizing to me but since had a pleasant experience overall.
2	I'm surprised to see this place have such high rating. The price of the buffet is too high for the mediocre quality of the food they serve, and the people who prepare the food are outright mean and rude. First, most of their foods are served cold. The snow crab legs were ice cold frozen. When my sister asked the guy to boil it up for her, he yelled at her for giving him a dirty plate.Not just scold, but yelled! The shrimps and short ribs are pretty good though. The Asian food section did not look appetizing at all. Sushi was plain and not fresh. My sister and I love papaya salad, but one look at it and we turned away. Their desserts are not too shabby. Love the chocolate covered strawberries. They were sweet and fresh, but they look like they've been injected with steroids...huge!Overall, this play was just okay. Nothing to look forward to. Our server was nice, but the chefs seemed like they hated their jobs. I would never go back nor recommend anyone to go here.
2	A lot of selection, but not a high quality flavor profile.  We had the brunch at $25 per person and it felt like it should have really cost $11 per person.  Wasn't worth the amount we paid and I would never go back.
5	10/10 out of everything I could rate for -- service, food, decor...It was a bit pricey, but it's a Vegas buffet! Spend a little.I've heard that this buffet is known for small portions so that you're more encouraged to try a little bit of everything. I appreciated this, because normally at buffets, I just eat a lot of what I do like and never try anything else.Let me start of with dessert. Wow. Gelato was amazing. Who even has gelato in a buffet? Okay I'm a buffet newbie so I won't ask that, but when I saw it, I thought I was dreaming. The beignets were on point, and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing as well.Skip the sushi and go to the lobster, fish, etc. The sushi is nothing special, you can try one if you want. The seafood is where it's really at. The calamari was amazing, more than I had expected. Probably one of the best calamari's I've had. They also had Korean BBQ and although nothing close to the real deal, it was still pretty good. It was well marinated and wasn't too dry, which is the case with KBBQ a lot of the time. Also, get the shrimp cocktail. Yum!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner tonight. They sat me pretty quickly and my waiter, Rafael, was great. I am pretty much eating healthy so it was great to see all the salads they had. No one rushed me and I was able to just able to take my time and enjoy the evening, I wouldn't make this a regular place because of the price, but special occasions will see me back there.
4	Arrived for dinner a little after 6:30pm on a Wednesday evening with 3 of my colleagues. Travelled with someone who cannot eat alot due medical reasons. With propoer identification cards, they were able to accomodate them with a child rate. We were seated almost immediately as there was no line. Had about 4 helpings. Left about 3 hours later. Ambience was good. Food was on the better side of good, but not great. Good enough to justify its price tag(38+ for dinner).
5	Great buffet overall, especially for brunch. For the price you pay, you get pretty delicious food. Nothing was too dry or too salty. Fruits were fresh. Fish was fresh. Large selection of food and different varieties.And the dessert table was OMG! Question: DID YOU SEE THE CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES? If not, bow your head in shame and walk back. You are definitely missing out then, my friend...
4	Food here is exceptional. Maybe a few extra cooked vegtables somewhere though. Still 5 out of 5. Was in vegas for 6 days and ate here everyday either for brunch or dinner. The only downfall was the food servers at ice cream omelette meat carvery. It's great to have polite waiters/hosts but if the person serving your plate is slapping it on the plate with death stares and no smile, then all the great service before has come undone.
5	I LOVE FOOD and Wicked Spoon did not disappoint!  Yes, it's pricey, but to me, worth it.  The decor was fabulous, food was delicious, fresh and high-quality and the desserts were to die-for!  Service was excellent and we really enjoyed our time here.  We ate here for lunch and there was such a wide range of entree selections , that you will have no problem finding what you're looking for.. and more.      Simple/cold caprese salads, smoked salmon, asian short ribs, and lamb ragout served in individual/neat serving plates.  I LOVED their dessert, most especially the macarons (my FAVORITE), chocolate covered delicacies and gelato bar!  HEAVEN!  Everything looked so beautiful.. definitely ate with my eyes first, then with my taste buds and they were both equally satisfied!
5	It's been a little over a year, which is TOO LONG to go between visits to this wonderful restaurant, but I had the pleasure of popping in here today for the daily Brunch Buffet, joined by Mike C., Jackie R. & Robyn N.I counted up 166 food choices to feast on this time, plus sauces, dressings and toppings, and every bite of this wonderful meal was terrific, just as it was last time!They put out small portions of many of the dishes here, very tastefully presented on little plates or in little foux pots, pans, deep frier baskets & so on.  Also, a lot of work goes into the little sprinkles of this & that on top of things, & similar treatments.  Most importantly though, is that everything is seasoned & cooked to perfection.Weekday Brunch Buffet $23.99 includes soft drinks and some bar selections.What fun this place is, & how VERY 5-STARS!     :-))
5	One of the best buffets I've ever been too. The food was amazinggggg, you don't even feel like you're eating buffet food. Everything was so gourmet but not like weird just fancy. Everything is put in individual ramekins or on little plates that you can grab. A must go to when you're in Vegas!
1	Overrated and over priced. My husband and I went to the Wicked Spoon on our recent trip to Las Vegas, because of the Yelp reviews. We were expecting it to be great. First of all, for the most part all of the food was cold. The selection was not the best for breakfast food which is what we were looking for more than lunch. I did have a scrambled egg dish that was disgusting. The first bite did not taste right, and I immediately ran to the restroom to dispose of it. I have not felt good since, and it's been 3 days. We did not try other buffets, but would recommend doing so over eating at the Wicked Spoon. We will not be back on our next visit.
4	Came here after a friend's Vegas wedding. Wow! Unlimited bone marrow! I'm a fan. These vegas buffets always impress me. Their gelato is very tasty. Presentation is really nice. Crab as always is good. I liked their duck raviolis too. Ohm and their chocolate covered strawberries are very delicious, especially the ones with toffee pieces. Would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Excellent food but Bacchanal is better.  We found that the Bacchanal has more variety and may taste a little better.  Service and settings were both excellent.We tried Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal in two consecutive nights.  Both were excellent buffet choices in Vegas.  You can't go wrong with either one.  These are the gourmet buffet when comparing to the older buffet choices.  Lots of choices.  Portion are set in individual plates.  The chef or server is there to help you or freshly cook your serving.
5	We had our wedding dinner here, and could not be more pleased.  Everything from being seated, to our host/server, to the magnificent food itself was stellar.  I can not wait to return.  It is a bit pricey, but worth every penny.
2	Just not very good. First off it's the only buffet in Vegas where I had to walk through a quarter mile long hallway through meeting and convention spaces to get to. Not sure why they wouldn't put this off the casino so people would actually know it's there and could find it easily.The food was mediocre. It was all well seasoned but a lot of it tasted like it was using sub par ingredients and some like the spicy macaroni and cheese tasted processed. There is a very small selection of seafood as well so if you're the type to try and load up on shrimp and crab than you will be disappointed. The shrimp comes in containers with two small shrimp a piece and there was no crab. No prime rib either.The service would have been good but we didn't get our drinks until after we had already finished eating. Overall I wouldn't recommend this buffet at all. I've had better ones at old dingy Vegas casino's. This is the Cosmopolitan, a five star joint. I still think the Buffet at the Wynn is the best in town.
5	We love Wicked Spoon so much that we decided to have our Wedding Reception dinner there. We made the right decision because everything was perfect. Danielle from the group sales was so awesome to work with. She answered my emails and helped me planned the evening to be perfect. She put up with my Bridezilla moments ;). She's just amazing.The food were top notch. All of our guests loveeee the delicious food. We also ordered cake from them and our cake was so cute and it was so yummy. Service was excellent and I love the floor manager who helped us with everything including cutitng our cake. Everybody said it was the best wedding reception they've ever attended. Maybe for our  25th year anniversary we will do another reception here. Thank you Wicked Spoon for making our day perfect!
5	OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!! After reading through the yelp reviews on vegas buffet I decided to give Wicked Spoon a try and this place was just GREAAT! We went around 11 for the brunch and there was no line so we were quickly seated. Nice decorated dining room but was a little far. Then I went all out and took all the food the looked appealing to me (jk). There were eggs benedict, korean bbq meat, all kinds of delicious salad, omelettes, all the dessert in the world (no crepes), shrimps, clams, all kinds of MEAT, veggies, fried chicken, weird stuff, and just food that you can think of or can't think of (okay that's a little exaggerated). After the brunch we were so full that we didn't have dinner until almost 10 pm. Anyways, I will definitely comeback the next time I come to VEGAS!
5	never knew i could have such a good meal at a freaking buffet. definitley will be my go to buffet from now on.only negative: waitress never gave us refills on our drinks. almost everything my bf and i ate were good! like other yelpers stated ... compared to other buffets this is definitely one of the best. i'm not much of a buffet person but i like to go to a buffet when i'm in vegas. Surprisingly out of everything we ate around Vegas, the best meal so far is this buffet!LOVE the gelato ice cream area! so many flavors. Made it so hard on me because there was so many decisions to make. Which flavors to try. I ended up trying six and there were ten+ to go.$33 per person for brunch/lunch buffet.ate:*egg benedict-wasn't great but love that they placed it in a bowl. so easy to eat.*prime rib was good and made perfectly medium.*bacon cut-thick! *roasted pork-the asian style. yum!*korean short rib-flavorful. not too overdone. not that much fat.*pineapple juice is avaiable you just gotta ask.*asian noodles in a to go box. Such a clever idea. Easy to clean and cute. tips:*there are restrooms inside.*you can call to ask about wait time.*inside the cosmopolitan hotel.*cash and credit card accepted.*huge selection/variety.
4	I'm a big fan of buffets in Las Vegas and this one did not disappoint.However after going to both Wicked Spoon and Bachaanal in Ceasars, I have to give the edge to Bachanaal Buffet.
3	I have tried just about all buffets in Las Vegas and I know the good ones from the bad ones!Here are the pros...great customer service, great ambiance, descent food, cute way of packaging food items (see pictures through Yelp), interesting and intriguing desserts.Here are the cons...expensive prices for what they offer (they raised the prices effective the date I went on June 14, 2013).  Lunch is $26 and kid's lunch is $16.  Not all the food is great.  Desserts are overrated!I personally believe that everyone should try this place at least once.  The style and layout are unique and intriguing.  I talked with one of the managers named Nicholas, who told me that this buffet is the first place to put items in individual containers.  Nicholas also told me that Cesar's Palace and Aria buffets have copied this style.Stay away from the Asian noodles, which tasted really poor in quality.  The sweet potato dish lacked flavor.  The pizzas were doused with salt.  My personal favorite item was the braised beef dish.The food did NOT wow me at all and there are tons of buffet places with better quality food.  Besides the food, everything else about this place wowed me, but I did not come to pay $88 for my family to be wowed by customer service and decor.  Its all about the food and I think this place lacks good quality.  My wife and I agree that half the dishes are good and half the dishes are bad.  That is 50%, which means the price should be at $13.  We will never be back, but it was definitely worth at least trying once in a lifetime.The location of the buffet is tucked away on the 2nd floor in the way back of the casino.  I believe as a result of this, the buffet will fail to thrive and they will keep raising prices to compensate for this.  I also think the cuteness of the way the dishes are packaged will die off and more people will enjoy going to Cesar's and Aria buffets more.
2	The food is so so: you just do it b/c it's vegas baby and you gotta try a buffet.Waited in a huge line though it moved pretty quickly. Yes the gelato is good but that's about it!
5	First heard about Wicked Spoon on the Travel Chanel's Top 10 buffet's in the US...well I was only 4 days away from going to Vegas at the time & made a note on my phone to check it out...I now see why it made the listGot there about 12:30 in time for brunch (which is served everyday btw) & jumped right in.  I did pace myself so that I could try lots of different stuff & glad I did. The Waitress was pretty good; could've been better but she was very busy, but she did do a good job of staying on top of things.First off they give each table a bottle of water which is great.  Everyone gets a complimentary Mimosa (can purchase unlimited Mimosa's/Bloody Mary's at the counter).The Spaghetti and Meatballs were just OK nothing to rave about.Korean Style short ribs are GreatThe Chicken Wings are Fabulous and comes in a pairs in a lil basket.The Orange (something) Pancakes were light and fluffy.  Pretty GoodThe French Toast w/ the nuts (not sure which kind) cooked in were GreatThe Roasted Chicken was just OKI actually tried Bone Marrow.  Not really for me; besides I think that I sprinkled too much Sea Salt on top of mine.The Chinese Food section is very cute.  They actually have the little take home boxes for you to put your food in (Pork Riblets, Ginger Chicken, & Steamed Rice...but I didn't try any of these dishes)You can also get fresh Omelets made to order, but didn't get one of those.The Beef'n Broccoli was Great...two kinds of mushrooms (Shitaake & Button) which I loveGreat Sushi with real pickled ginger (not that pink stuff)There was a Bagel section (didn't try)The Fruit and Salad bar was very Expansive (didn't try)Huge Chocolate Strawberries crusted with either crumbled Snickers Bar or Reese's Peanut Butter Cups...either way they were GreatLoved the Carrot and CheesecakeThe Fachacia Bread was good enough for the wife to go back for seconds.For $25 per person this buffet is definitely worth it, but I WARN YOU...PACE YOURSELF, and don't eat a lot of one thing if you want to get a variety.  Also, keep in mind that I didn't try everything.
4	I generally like to try different restaurants, buffets moreso just to see what the hype is about, or if the table fare is equivalent to their pricey rates. That all holds true, except when it comes to Vegas Buffets. I  love Wicked Spoon.  Although the menu selection isn't as vast as most, the quality of the dishes are unparalleled by most vegas buffets. You can definitely tell they took their time in dreaming up the week's menu. Presentation has also been well thought out. Their Prime Rib was on point, juicy, bloody, slight salty crust, delicious. That alone was worth my $40. Oh and the desserts.  Good to the last teensy morsel. Gelato for days too. I can't say enough how impressed I am with Wicked Spoon. I imagine, this will make itself a standard part of my TO EAT list whenever I visit vegas.
5	This place really is as good as the rumors you've heard. The quality of food is exceptional. You don't have to gorge to get your money's worth but you end up doing that just to get a taste of everything. From ceviche to Korean short ribs, you won't be disappointed. Of course you end it with dessert and the brilliant gelato bar. And that's just the tip of the iceberg.
4	I chose Wicked Spoon as a celebratory birthday meal on our latest Vegas trip. I chose it because it's the only Strip buffet that offers brunch during the week. To me this is the best option because it's cheaper than most buffets are for lunch, but includes more foods and options. We went around 9:45 and enjoyed both the breakfast and lunch options.The online menu is currently out of date- prices are $25/adult for brunch, $33 with an alcoholic beverage. Our server wasn't really any better than any other buffet server I've had, but the drinks (coffee, etc.) were very good. Overall, the lunch options are truncated form the dinner offerings; very little seafood, though this changed as it became closer to usual lunchtime. No crabs legs or anything during this time.We tried a huge variety of salads, breakfast items, lunch items, and desserts. Overall this is the first buffet where everything that looks good also tastes good- this is a big accomplishment! Our favorites were the fried chicken, the angry mac and cheese, and the biscuits and gravy. I also liked the cold octopus salad, and I also loved that the bacon was in varying degrees of "done-ness". The only item I really disliked was the sushi- it was really dry and tasted old to me. The dessert area was also the only time that the beautiful pastries tasted as great as they looked. They were flaky, not cloying, well balanced with filling/dough ratio, etc. The gelato/sorbets were similarly well flavored, with the exception of the strawberry balsamic, which just tasted like strawberry. We felt no rush during our visit and were given a really large booth as well. This was a great treat during our stay. The only thing I'd change about this place is where the buffet is; it's tucked away in the hotel and it's a bit difficult to find. Besides that, I'll happily return and enjoy this buffet treat again in the future.
4	You gotta visit at least one buffet in Vegas!  I am NOT a buffet kinda gal, but this was an exception.Salads, soups, cheese, charcuterie, tacos, custom MAC N CHEESE BAR, italian, korean, chinese, japanese, carving stations, BONE MARROW, dessert deliciousness, GELATO!!!!It hit all the right spots.We went for dinner on a Sunday evening and unfortunately, service was a little slow.I would love to come back for breakfast/brunch.
5	Wow.  This place is a high end buffet.  It was well worth the $35 per person we paid for dinner.  I would love to go back to this place again.   The deserts alone were worth the price of the buffet.  The food is well prepared and fresh.  This is not an average buffet.
5	This place is hands down the BEST buffet i've been to. Great selection of food and high quality dishes! The food is alot more upscale than the average buffet. I've tried other buffets at Vegas(including the one at bellagio and caesars palace) but none of them really compare to this! I don't know if i got lucky or what, but there was no wait when i came. (around 6-7ish?) Everything was so good and I'm a bit of picky eater. The food is placed in cute little pots/dishes so its alot cleaner and doesn't have that lunch-lady feel to it. For me, buffets are part of the Vegas experience and this place totally satisfied me. Also, after stuffing myself with multiple plates, i didn't feel gross so that was even better. However they dont have a drink menu, but they do have a full bar so they can basically make you whatever you'd like.Next time i come to Vegas, this place will be one of the top places i'd like to return to!:)
5	Everything was cooked perfectly.  There is a wide variety for every taste bud.
5	This was probably one of the best buffets I've ever eaten at, let alone in Las Vegas.  At $40 a pop with tax, it is quite expensive, but it was my dad's birthday, so we decided to splurge a little.  There are actually two lines here: one to pay and one to get seated.  Luckily on this Sunday (which happened to be Mother's Day), we didn't have to stand in line to pay, but we did wait about 20 minutes to get seated.  Not bad on a Sunday afternoon at a really good buffet!  Our server had this Texan accent and was a joy to have around.  He was very good about refilling waters and beverages and encouraged everyone to eat heartily and order any beverages in addition to the ones we already had.  Now on to the food...yum!  They had an omelette station with hardly a line and it was very filling.  They even offered prime rib as an option to add to your omelette!  The meat station had a good selection, and they offered everything from roast beef to Korean short ribs to pizza to crab legs (towards the  end of the lunch period), to eggs benedict, all which were very delicious.  The dessert bar even offered huge chocolate covered strawberries!  My only disappointment was that I couldn't eat more.  I probably ate about $35 worth of food, so it was almost worth it.  But for anyone who wants to eat at buffet and not be disappointed with the selection or service, Wicked Spoon is the place for you!
5	Show me a better buffet in Vegas than Wicked Spoons. Every plate I pick up looks like it could be a 20 dollar dish at any nice restaurant. Hardly waited in line, great service. They had bone marrow. so gooooodd.
5	Considering I tried every selection (yes even the 16 gelato flavors) they had to offer, I will only review the few that stood out the most:Charcuterie Selection - Decent, but disappointed there were only 2 selections of cheese and only 2 selections of cured meats.Caprese Salad - Up to standard.  Mozzarella was soft and tender.  Tomatoes were juicy and sweet.Waldorf Salad - Probably my fave of the bunch.  Crispy, sweet, tart, and refreshing.Bone Marrow - Seriously... definitely a hidden gem! So good, but so bad for you.  It's ok because we are all on vacation here!Duck Ravioli - I would have loved this, but because it just sits under a heat lamp, the sauce thickened greatly.Braised Beef/Pot Roast - Super tender and flavorful! Just imagine some good ol' pot roast.  Carrot Cake - Dessert selections generally are typically sub pay, however this was a very standard, but good carrot cake.Thai Tea Gelato - They sure did not hold on on the thai tea in this.  Packs a nice flavor.Salted Peanut Gelato - This one hit the sweet/salty taste bud for me!Prime Rib - Cooked to perfection.  Meaty, juicy, tender... OVERALL:  Came here with a party of 37 and the staff was so genuine and kind.  Again, I tried EVERYTHING they had to offer.  It's what you do at a buffet! Try bite-size portions and you'll get the full experience.  Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon? I choose Bacchanal for the slightest differences.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSEF!
5	So good. This was like, seriously, the best place in Vegas!We opted for the brunch after checking out of the hotel (a pretty swanky kinda place, try to win a room on priceline). I think it was like $29 a person or something, which includes a free champagne or mimosa. Pretty sweet!All sorts of fancy foods, standards, omelettes made to order, fancy desserts, I mean... it's on. Probably the best meal of the whole trip around the grand loop. Loved it. Careful not to overeat. Ha.Thanks for listening!
4	Large selection.  From sushi to pureed sweet potatoes.  Fun environment.  Leg of lamb was delicious, but crab was served cold (I like mine steamed).  We bought the $10 bottomless wine option, but the wine was TERRIBLE.  We looked up what they served and it's an $8 bottle.  Couldn't even finish the glass of "red" wine (which our server couldn't even identify).  Overall, decent buffet, but stick to the soda.
5	The best buffet in VEGAS.  By far.  I love the kale salad they have on the salad station.
5	I looked at lots of reviews for various buffets in Vegas and determined that this was what most Yelpers had talked about and indeed they were right.  This buffet was in fact one of the best that I've been to anywhere.  It's like a high end restaurant and elegant dining experience, at least again as far as buffets are concerned.  The best part is the small plates and the individual servings to that you can sample lots of different foods, not feel guilty about wasting anything, and not have that buffet feel of scooping out of a big bowl or tray of food.  Lots of choices and everything tasted great.
4	Great Buffet but Bellagio was better.The wicked spoon had all the good stuff.   Prime Rib, Short Ribs, King Crab Legs but they just weren't as good as the Bellagio.   The Prime rib was even.  Bellagio gave you big hulking pieces of short ribs which the Spoon gave you a few shreds of short rib on some sort of mashed potato or polenta.  It was good but not quite as good.   The king Crab legs were bigger at the Bellagio.  The Wicked Spoon does have a few more options and it is nice that they put everything in to individual portions while you have to make your own portion at Bellagio.    The service was also better at the Wicked Spoon.   But somehow there were far less people at the Wicked spoon.
3	I felt the food was bland here.  Didn't live up to the hype after seeing this place on tv and a number of top 5 reviews.  Lunch was around $28 per person with tax.  The highlight of the buffet for my group was the watermelon non alcoholic shot drink.
4	For a buffet - 4 stars. Prices have gone up in the last year. It's now $40/pp. Still good for a buffet. My main focus was the macaroni and cheese bar--so good. Didn't really pick anything that I didn't like, but there's way too much food to try one of everything.Enjoyed the desserts--mini macarons and gelato bar. But again, more dessert than you could ever want.
4	I'm not a fan of buffets because I'm a believer of quality over quantity. For being a buffet, Wicked Spoon is actually pretty good. I've never seen a buffet that has roasted bone marrow! Presentation of all their foods is awesome. Nicely individual plated dishes. Dessert bar is amazing. If you're looking for a good buffet, Wicked Spoon ranks up there with the best of them in Las Vegas.
4	Came here for dinner right when it opened at 5 on a Tuesday. It was around $41 per person after taxes. Not that crowded and April, our waitress, was on point with our drinks and plates. Food was wonderful. We tried a bit of everything. The Kings Crab legs were probably the best thing there because they were already cut in half for us. Moving on to the desserts. The chocolate covered strawberries with Oreo crumbles were to die for. The carrot cake was very moist. There was no mini macarons on sight! Very disappointed after reading all the reviews about them. Tried the gelato and it was very sweet but a good way to end our meal. For a buffet, 5 stars BUT negative one star for all the dirty dishes that we saw. There were several dirty plates stacked with the clean plates when we were getting our food. Pretty disappointing for a $40 buffet.
4	We had a reservation to go to this buffet! Since, we had a party of more than 12 people we simply walked in & paid.  It was pricey, but worth it.From all the buffet I have been in Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon is far the most unique ones I have ever been to.  I really loved that they had their servings in tiny pots or pans.  I thought it was a genius idea because it helped with "portion-control."  I was able to try more food items than I usually do in buffets! Their desserts were pretty awesome as well!  The service was consist and I love how they had a cute water pitcher on the table already.  Overall, a great buffet.  Just be ready to wait in line!
4	I wanted to go here based on the Yelp reviews. My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and heard about the wonderful buffets so I wanted to try the best. We took a cab from the Venetian to the Cosmopolitan. We had dinner at the restaurant at about 7pm on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy or crowded. We were able to get a seat right away.Our waitress was great. Very nice.We only went here and The Wynn Buffet. In comparing the two, I prefer the Wicked Spoon because it had more variety and more food items I enjoyed. It's a bit pricey. I think it was around $40 per person. However, I think it's worth it. The food was delicious. And there was so much of it.I highly recommend this place.
2	I came to this place twice. The first time was last year and I was hooked it was so good that I told myself i would come back and I did. The second time around  we came in a group of 10 and I was selling the place literally to my friends, but was so disappointed with the quality of food and the choices of food this time around. For $45 per head it was so not worth it
1	Greatly disappointed. I would not give it any stars at all but Yelp won't let me. Have no problem paying big $$$$ for a superb breakfast buffet. Should have known by the price of $25 per person that it would not be very good. Even the dessert buffet was just kind of so-so.
5	Oh my gosh! I absolutely loved this place! A couple days ago I was in Las Vegas and I was excited to try a buffet as that's what LV is really known for (as far as cuisine goes). I've tried the Wynn buffet and that was great, but I was undecided between Wicked Spoon and Caesar's Palace buffet. We went to Caesar's, and the line was incredibly long, plus it was $46. So we decided on Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan. I loved the hotel decor and ambiance, and going to Wicked Spoon was like a nice luxe treat to end my week there. There was hardly a line, and because we were a party of two, they took us before larger parties. Our host/waiter was friendly and helpful, and showed wonderful hospitality. Everything I tried at the buffet was delicious, from the mashed potatoes to shrimp jambalaya, sweet treats and desserts. I also loved the smaller portion sizes, it helps you try everything without overeating. I'm not one for buffets, in fact I don't really like them because I feel like it's a bunch of cheap food, but the Wicked Spoon is the exception. Wicked Spoon offers great quality, taste, and overall experience. I would highly recommend to anyone visiting Las Vegas!
5	Love, love, love this place!  The food is amazing, the presentation is so artsy, great variety, the service is great!   Note to self, never book a show after the dinner here because 1.  Will be on time constrain so cant fully enjoy everything they have, 2. Will be too stuffed to run to the show once we are late by spending too much time nibbling n the deliciousness.
4	I came here the Monday after EDC week, and let me tell you, I was surprised I was able to eat. Came here with a bunch of friends since some of them really wanted to try Wickets Spoon. We came here with 8 people, and they immediately charged us gratuity, which is fine, nothing to worry about. The service was really good though, but there was a few times where we had a wait and ask for refills on our soda. The food was pretty good I would say. I really enjoyed the Korean BBQ Short-ribs, there was an abundant amount of flavor and it was just amazing. I liked the ribs as well, which was right next to the Short-ribs. The prime rib was actually pretty good. A lot of buffets I have been to either cooked it too much, or the sauce was too salty, or overall just bad. The one they had here was cooked quite well and I would say it is one of the better prime ribs I've had at the buffet. All the other foods were pretty good, nothing extraordinary, but as someone said before, wished there were more sashimi / sushi options.
4	Presentation was really wonderful. Individual portions for some dishes really give it a nice touch! HOWEVER it was a hit or miss with our party. The men in our group wasn't too impressed by the whole thing, mostly because lack of variety. I personally thought that Wicked Spoon is pretty unique from other Vegas buffets. Their salad station was excellent. I loved the caesar salad and the kale salad, and really appreciated that they had brie, cheeses, and fruits. Oh! And bagels with smoked salmon! I also got to try bone marrow for the first time (I always think that buffets should be an opportunity to try lots of new foods!), and the fact that they had chocolate dipped strawberries was all sorts of fabulous. I would skip their lava cake because it's not lava cake... take it if you want a chocolate cake though. I loved their cheese cake,  and everyone seemed to like the gelato. I kept coming back for the strawberries though, even if I had to scrape the chocolate off. The strawberries really were nice and sweet!
4	Second time we've been there.  Wide selection of delicious food.  Brunch @$25 is quite a bargain, as it also includes a drink (e.g., Bloody Mary) and amazing desserts.  Leave room for the terrific gelato.  Sushi was just OK, but look for the great salads, tasty Korean barbecue, individual portions of shrimp cocktail.  Servers are friendly and efficient.
4	I am not a buffet fan because they are usually nasty and terrible tasting. I will say that I was pleasantly surprised at the brunch we had early Monday morning. The small portions is a great a idea. You can try a lot and waste a little. The eggs, fresh fruit, and meat options were bountiful. I ate low carb (ish) and did not feel deprived at all. I am looking forward to returning when we get back to Vegas.
3	Here's the order you should go for Vegas buffets:- your hotel.- Wicked Spoon- Bacchanal (Caesar's Palace)Why? Because then you'll be working up to what is the best and what is just average. Wicked Spoon is, unfortunately, just average. My fiance and I went in the wrong order. I'm sure my review would be glowing if we hadn't hit Bacchanal first. But we did. And then when we went to Wicked Spoon, we were disappointed.The pros of it are that there are SO many good desserts. I could spend all day at the dessert area. There was duck ravioli (not great) and some Korean short rib (pretty good). I even tried their sketch lo mein. There was also some bone marrow that I wanted to try, but couldn't muster up the guts to do it. Something about eating the marrow kind of bothers me. But I'm not sure how I'm supposed to be a foodie without experiencing it at least once. So maybe next time.I would come back to Wicked Spoon because it was just, as I already said, average. It wasn't too pricey, compared to other places, and we could add on unlimited mimosas/champagne/bloody marys and make it the same price as some other buffets.
5	What a nice buffet! Service was exceptional and the food selections were varied and delicious. You have to walk a bit through boring (convention center?) hallways before getting here, but the walk is worth it. I found the french toast delightful, the Eggs Benedict were incredible (I had two!), and they offer a myriad of desserts to fill your belly. The entire restaurant is visually appealing as well which means (drum roll please) that Wicked Spoon has elbowed its way into my BUFFET HALL OF FAME. Congratulations Wicked Spoon, this is how a Vegas buffet should be!
5	I always love a buffet (yes, I'm a PIG!) and this one was GREAT!!! I think it was $25 for breakfast (lunch and dinner would be more) but I have NEVER seen such a HUUUUGE selection!! There was the standard omelette bar, waffles, sausages, carving station, pastries, cereals, fruit... but then they also had chinese food, pasta, an ENORMOUS dessert bar (with gelato!!) sushi, salads... I could have stayed there all day!! I would be really interested to see what they serve for lunch or dinner? The one thing I thought was brilliant was they had small pre-portioned servings... that way, people like me who are GLUTTONOUS didn't get too full before I was able to taste everything!
5	This is my all-time favorite buffet in the world!  Period.
2	Holy crap this buffet is overrated. Top 10 in vegas? NOPE!We came here for lunch and it was about $32 a person. I dont mind paying the price but wow the food did not match the price tag at all! They have ready small plates/trays for you to pick up to control food portion but wow that seems like a lot of dishes to clean! The selection of food was very little. The food was just so so. From what I could remember, I tried their dim sum, sushi, tacos, mac and cheese, and  salad. Also, having a complimentary drink was a nice touch but I would effeminately not come back here for lunch again. I wonder what their dinner has to offer?M resort has a way better buffet off of the strip and cheaper as well.
4	We came here for Thursday dinner. The interior is decorated very modern, much better than the Bellagio buffet. We like the food presentation, individual portions/plates. The snow crab legs are thawed thoroughly, not too bad. I love the salad section. My favorite dish is octopus salad, and I had 4 of them. Prawn, beef, pork ribs and desserts are all good. The ice cream bar is a nice touch too. It costs over $80 (including tax) for 2 people, a bit pricy. However, we prefer Wicked Spoon than the Bellagio though we have to pay a few dollars more.
2	Disappointment. I don't understand how this buffet looked so amazing from the yelper photos and sounded so tantalizing from the reviews. For the most part, I experienced the opposite. Went on a Saturday night around 7:45pm. Price per person with tax was about 45. Let's just talk about the food. My oh my...and it's not a good thing! Skinny selection, fat price. There was little variety and many of the dishes were clunky and reflected what I could find at a UCLA dining commons if not worse like the stir-fried beef or lo mein. Notable items that I tried were:Bone Marrow - I swear the bones appear larger in the photos. Nothing special actually (and I've eaten bone marrow before). It's hard to enjoy when the bread they offer is pretty much a giant slice of crouton as opposed to crispy on the outside and soft in the middle.  Octopus salad - What the hell were the chefs thinking when they came up with the recipe for this?! It was an octopus salad. Ok. The dressing that the octopus was mixed in tasted Asian from sesame oil. Ok, so far so good. Alright, let's throw a crap ton of salami cubes into the salad. Bleh. Korean grilled shortribs - This was the best thing I ate that night. Funny how the simple things at Wicked Spoon were the best in most cases (and that's not much). Pretty much everything was just...edible. I wouldn't even call it A-ok or so so. Part of me is pissed for dropping 45 on the poor selection of food + poor quality of food. At least have good quality food if the variety is going to be slim. Yelpers, how you have led me astray with Wicked Spoon. Don't bother coming here. I ate at Bacchanal at Caesar's earlier tonight and that THE buffet to go to when in Vegas. No other stands close to it. So if you want less than pedestrian and borderline-ok food at a fat price? Come to Wicked SpoonAs I say for every poor experience at eateries, maybe I just came at the wrong time. HA!
3	A few of us were in town for a work seminar and we decided to pay Wicked Spoon a visit on a Monday evening.First of all, the trek down the hallway past Marquee and Holsteins was kind of a hassle as the buffet was awkwardly isolated at the West end of the Cosmo on the 2nd floor. After you pass the paintings and the oversized high heel, you'll reach the beautifully designed, modern Wicked Spoon.The service was impeccable. Our waitress constantly kept our water glasses filled and our table was regularly relieved of empty plates. She explained the layout of the buffet tables and answered our every question.I tried the:-Salmon-Crab legs-Build your own mac n cheese-Sushi-Prime rib-Pot roast-Passionfruit macaron-Mint chip gelato-Chocolate cupcakeSounds like a heavy meal, doesn't it? Many of the dishes were served tapas style and it was a convenient way to serve individual portions.Sadly to say, the sushi was terribly executed. The options were sparse and the rice was stiff. The crab legs were, well, crab legs. They were tiny, chilled, and slightly sweet. The mac n cheese station was pretty awesome. You're able to customize your own dish so if you didn't enjoy it, then it was your own fault. I designed my mac n cheese with green onions, bacon, parmesan and gruyere. Delicious. The prime rib was tender, juicy, and definitely one of the highlights of the meal. However, the desserts were probably the star of the show. We could not get enough of the 18 different gelato flavors, the gorgeous macarons, mini chocolate cones, massive chocolate dipped strawberries, brownies, pudding, etc. But then again, we were a table of women. If we couldn't appreciate the gorgeous display of decadent desserts, who could?Dinner was on my boss so I definitely can't complain but if they worked out a few kinks, tossed in a few dishes that the M buffet offers, then maybe they would be worthy of 5 stars.
3	OVERHYPED. i expected better. nothing stood out to me compared to the other Vegas buffets. Its cute that they make their dishes into small portions but those bowls/dishes can take up alot of space on your plate. I mostly stuck to the crab cakes and beef. The asian food seemed too salty, I felt the pasta was overcooked.Mango icecream was probably the best ive had.
4	WICKEDLY AWESOME BUFFET!their selection of food is to die for :) my stomach couldn't be happier being here! I only wish I could eat more ):It's located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and the restaurant is super nice :) plenty of seats and their buffet is pretty big! best thing is that they do BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS for an additional 10 dollars any time you want! Their food selection is amazing, so many options. and their plating is so adorable! I love how for the chinese food, they put it into little take out boxes and their fried chicken is put into little mini fryers. the best thing is their DESSERTS. I have a thing for sweets and I loved their desserts! get the gelato, it's so decadent! my favorite flavors are their thai tea and pistachio :) IF you have the chance to eat in Vegas, eat here! you'll be happy, trust me.
4	Great deal for breakfast/lunch. The food was amazing and there were lots of lighter delicious options so you weren't eating straight heavy fat. GO HERE!
2	This is an appropriate rating for their buffet,  i have experienced better.  Quality is definitely above your standard "cafeteria" style buffet but its not stellar either.  There really is a VERY limited selection of savory items.  Charcuterie selection is very limited (three meats), only four kinds of cheeses.  Bone marrow bones were Meh, there were no crostini to spread the marrow on.  The asian section was pathetic...I asked one of the chef's what one of the dishes was and he replied "chicken and vegetables".  Really???? I asked again, asking how it was cooked, seasoned etc, and got the same answer "Chicken and vegetables".  There was nothing in the asian section that I thought was worth eating at all.Best part of this buffet is definitely the dessert buffet.  The chefs there actually know their ingredients.  Gelato was great but the scoops they give you are tiny.  You have to ask for four scoops for it to even matter.Not worth it in my opinion, would rather spend the extra cash at Bacchanal or head over to the Wynn.
5	Best buffet in Vegas that I've had. The selection and quality of the food here is simply incredible. The thick sliced bacon was the best bacon I've ever had and the dessert selection is pretty good. I like The M dessert selection better than Wicked Spoon (but The M is located off the strip), but the gelato bar is still great. Would recommend this buffet to anyone!
4	You can feast at Wicked Spoon.It fits the Cosmopolitan tagline "Just the right amount of wrong".The brunch options and quality of food is sinfully wrong.  Get even naughtier with bottomless champagne for an additional $10.Even if you're on a budget its worth making an all you can eat brunch your main meal in vegas.
3	It was definitely worth checking out this buffet, but the Wicked Spoon is over-hyped for sure. It's not bad by any means... I liked many of their desserts and food presentations. I almost wanted to steal the little metal "milk carton" that the cream for my coffee came in :PI came here for brunch on a Sunday at around noon... It costs about $36 per person, which is pretty reasonable. However, they didn't offer many items that I would have liked to see. For example, there were no crab legs nor much sushi options. There were many cheap proteins like sausages & very tough roast beef, and the Korean marinated galbi was not so flavorful. Also, all the Chinese dishes were extra salty!!I would maybe come back to check out their dinner buffet ;)
4	We paid $44 per person for dinner.Honestly, I really dislike buffets. Nothing ever really wows me or makes me mouth water so for me to find even one food item that I actually like is surprising. At Wicked Spoon, I found three.Mission Figs- Blue Cheese and Candied BaconWild Boar Sloppy JoeDuck RavioliI really don't like bacon and blue cheese but man, the figs? So impeccably sweet, tangy, and salty with a bite. Amazing- I could probably gorge myself on just this.Wild Boar Sloppy Joe- it had an interesting flavor that I can't really describe, only it was pulled meat and oh-so-good.Duck Raviolo- again, really interesting flavor. I really liked it though. It was extremely creamy and flavorful.These three items alone would make me come here again. Buffets never really make me happy or excited except- maybe this one. As long as they had these items forever.
3	I'd give it a 3.5 stars if i could.It's a good buffet, but i don't really feel like i have to go back.
5	Best buffet in my entire life. The buffet is top tier. I give this a marvelous 5 stars rating from my personal experience. No bias and no gimmicks. There are lot of places you would have to wait about an hour or so, but WIcked Spoon is far the only place I could wait all day, because it is so simply worth dining here. Modern atmosphere to blend with the Cosmo hotel's ambiance. Process: -You wait in line, pay at the cashier then get seated. Price is about $35~, add $9 for unlimited champangne/mimosa/bloody mary.  Love the champange! I made myself drunk here to get my money's worth, haha. -Serve yourself with the best Las Vegas food on the strip.-They basically have everything, from Italian to Korean to Chinese to Mexican to American food. -The salad bar is amazing. Love the shrimp shooters. -Gelato........ so bomb. 'Nuff said! A lot of options here and it's pretty much no limits. My friend is a vegetarian and there are a lot of vegetarian options! Yup, we both stayed here for 3 hours.
4	25 minute wait in line is like scoring some kind of hidden jackpot:)!!!!Ah yes, Cosmo....I've come for you, having heard alllll about your $18 to go boxes, your wonderful presentation of gourmet food, and a kicker of a dessert bar,Allow me to preface this review by saying, so SOO much better than Wynn. They ought to be ashamed of themselves,$25 pp, buffet lunch ends at 2PM. There are restrooms INSIDE the buffet,No Korean kalbi or fries with eyes on Monday when we were there, but very good salads we enjoyed. A kale beauty of a chopped salad. Perfect! Heirloom tomato gazpacho could have been a wee bit smoother, but great freshness. Good creamed corn, an Asian gnocchi that was surprisingly light and full of flavor.I personally dig their wedge salad and dont mind if I do take two servings!The slab pork ribs were fine, and the angry Mac and cheese a def pass for me. Pass also was a gross coulotte steak roast, whereby every slice was mid-rare. i asked for medium and no different cut did I receive. no can do,But I thoroughly enjoyed the mini fry basket of perfect fried chicken wings. Spicing was out of this world. Golden and red beets were great, and so were the mission figs with balsamic and blue cheese.Little pork belly buns like chairman bao's notable mention as well, epic fail on the green papaya SE Asian salad. No dressing!!! Yuck. Eggs benedict were a wonderful surprise, good hollandaise and poaching of the egg.Dessert: gelato gelato, macaron, gelato, cheesecake, more gelato ( since they have 18 flavors), burp!!! Mousse, gelato, gelato.My report!
3	Man oh man, I really wanted to like this place. I've been looking forward to eating at this place for dinner for a few years! I loved the idea of individual little pans/pots- like a mini plate! But alas, I am craving for something more. I tried probably 95% of the stuff, including the salad bar. Here's some of the highlights and lowlights for the dinner buffet service:The Good:Cool that they have different kinds of stuff, like bone marrow, shrimp and grits, gazpacho, a good selection of charcuterie. short ribs- yumwatermelon with goat cheese and balsamic vinegar saladasian food as a whole was decentlamb was yumgelato! kale salad- a little too much dressing thoughi personally liked their crab legs! make-your-own pasta. my friend made one with 2 cheeses, chicken and something else and it was...amazeballs. salad bar as a wholesweet potato gnocchi - YESSS. The Bad:gazpacho was gross. too bellpeppery. go to serrano's for the BEST. roast beef was not goodwings were BLAND! :( :( :( and i love me some wings!Got the boar sliders- the bread was bleh and super dryThe Decent/OKBone marrow..just gotta pick the right oneDessert was for the most part okayThey have chocolate covered strawberries! but for some reason, they tasted weird. I just took off the chocolate and ate the fruit! I think next time I should come for breakfast instead. I think they can do better for dinner service.
2	Thought we would give this place another try.  It's been a year, so maybe they've upped their game.  The only thing they upped was the price.  $39 for Friday brunch, and no, that does not include a single mimosa.  That costs you $10 more.  Sure, it's a holiday weekend, but that is just wrong.  Oh hell no! That was not worth it in the least.  In fact, I think the food was a little poorer in quality than last time we were there.  Much less selection than last time for sure.Well, 2 strikes.  Might not make it to a third.
2	$47 for person and the food was so so... I have been to better places that had more to offer. Waiters are really good and friendly. That's the only thing I liked.
3	If you are a fan of steak and pork you will love this place besides that they are a little pricey compared to the other buffets offered in Vegas.  I mean when I saw the whole BBQ pig being displayed for people to eat.  I was disgusted.
3	I ate here last week for lunch. It's expensive, but you can't expect less for a buffet in a nice casino located on the strip. If you're not used to paying this price, don't go because you still have to remember that it's a buffet.The portions are beautifully crafted (my initial take was to control portion waste) but its brilliant for reasons that you don't get people stirring around in the food, it gives it more of a high end feel and allows you to try everything! Just brilliant!! The selection is smaller than what I'm normally used to though. A few of the Asian dishes were on the salty side but that may work for some people. Fried chicken wings (comes in 2 in its very own basket) was amazing--perfectly crispy, seasoned and freshly made. Salmon: good, salad: good, dessert: awesome, even for someone like me who doesn't have much of a sweet tooth. Seriously though, you can't go wrong with all you can eat gelato, right?! Right.It appears there's a lot of hype about this place so you will have to wait a little to be seated and to get in your drink refills.
3	I'll keep it short. Bonus = bone marrow. Best gelato in a vegas buffet I have had, especially the pistachio.  Additional $10 for unlimited wine ($45 for the buffet dinner). Good variety of "lighter" food fare (think cheeses, salads, breads). Mac and cheese bar (made to order with ingredients you like). Best mussels (cooked in garlic, butter and white wine)!  Quite strange to me that there aren't a lot of pasta/itlalian options - only an asiago gnocchi dish (can't eat more than 3 bites of this), meatballs and some other dish I can't remember. Overall, Just okay for me, I'll stick to the bellagio or M for buffets.
3	I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Wicked Spoon?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  Wicked Spoon had a lot of hype.  "Sooooo good", they said.  "Divine."  Yeah.  It was ok.  It wasn't bad, but Bacchanal at Caesars was much better (bigger, better food).   The line moved fairly quickly (about 30 minutes).  The tables are set up with a giant bottle of water (nice since they don't have to keep coming by to refill your glass).  The fried chicken was delicious (better than Bacchanal).  They had a few other dishes that I enjoyed (the bangers and mash, a chicken sausage that was the best I've ever tasted, and the "angry mac and cheese").   It just didn't offer as much variety as Bacchanal and, for the money, I expected more.  It's decent, though (or as Yelp says, "A-OK").Would I go back?  No.
4	Not quite the M Buffet but still a really good buffet! Plus it's inside the Cosmopolitan. Good food, good service.
2	I am a return customer and this place was very good a year or so ago. However this buffet has gone way down hill. The shysters charged an upcharge of $39.99 for a holiday brunch the day after the 4th of July (scam); since when is the 5th of July a holiday? Nonetheless I don't have a problem paying more if you get good quality food or something special for the upcharge. This was not the case and this was nothing less than a typical $19.99 strip buffet with Ikea furniture and a gelato bar.
4	4.5 stars I'll start by saying I haven't eaten at a buffet in about 15 years... not that I'm against them...just they never are at the top of the list when it comes to dining out. Well... I have to say... this place was great!  I enjoyed the small servings as it gives you a chance to try things you might not normally try.  It was $105 for my wife and I to enjoy dinner and I think it was worth it. As mentioned we were able to sample things we wouldn't normally order from a restaurant.  Some of the highlights for us.... (keep in mind... small portions... looks like a lot.. it wasn't) Leg of lambKing crab legs Spicy shrimpSpicy shrimp and gritsShrimp cocktailMade to order mac-n-cheese (split this...large portion)Wild Boar Variety of salads my wife sampled and enjoyedPolenta with truffle oil and pesto (awesome) Gnocchi (really nice) --------------------------------------------------------Desserts Dulce de Leche mini cakesMolten lava cake/raspberry saucePeach cobbler ( my wife loved it so much.. .she had two... highly unusual for her) All in all the place put out quality food and is well worth the visit. The bone marrow... nothing amazing to be honest.. not a lot of flavor.Atmosphere... a little loud... but... being it's so popular and a buffet... it is to be expected. We would recommend this place to others who are interested in enjoying a great buffet with a wide variety of menu items.
4	Chocolate-covered strawberries! Gelato!! Need I say more?The choc-covered strawberries are not the highest quality chocolate you'd ever have but it's not that bad for a buffet!! The gelato is actually really good. I usually just have 10 strawberries with some gelato and call it a meal :) I also like that the food is in cute little iron pan for one serving. Can try different stuff and it's a lot less messy than having different foods on one plate.
3	What happened?  Had I written about this place last October when I first went, I would have given this place 4 stars.  But it seems like their standards dropped.  It could have been because we were there before the rush, but there were lots of food items that sat stale under heat lamps.  The "angry" mac n cheese tasted like part of the cheese came from powder.  In fact, some of the items downright tasted like school cafeteria food, just presented nicely in little plates.  I appreciate nice presentation, but it doesn't compensate for lack of quality.  Bone marrow tasted disgusting (like a blob of fat).  I guess that appeals to some.  The figs and the banh mi sandwich were great though they were one of the very few things that were memorable.  A lot of the desserts were cute, but tasted like crap, except for some yellow cream dome cake looking thing.  Gellato was good, but really hard to mess up that one.If you haven't been before, I say it's worth checking out once if you're in Vegas since this is the buffet that started the latest trend in serving food in little dishes.
3	When you show up on a Sunday and there's not a single line here for Sunday brunch than you know something is wrong. What's wrong with Wicked Spoon is the price of $40+tax for brunch.Sure if you are one who judges the book by it's cover this buffet looks decadent and everything from cutesy portions and little pots and dishes looks splendid indeed. I was able to try a variety of the food and I was surprised it didn't taste as great as it looked. Most of the food here tastes bland. Although, I did enjoy the Bangers n' Mash which seemed to a be a popular dish among our table. The dish was pretty much mashed potatoes with gravy and spicy sausage. It seems like such a simple dish but it was flavorful. I had about three of these! The dessert and aqua fresca (watermelon juice) was probably the second and third best things I've had during brunch. I really wish there was more options available so I'll probably come back again for late lunch/early dinner. The brunch price doesn't justify the option of food they had set out.
4	descent desserts great meat dishes
3	Forget the casino where your wallet takes a pounding, this is where your body takes punishment. But look at yourself in the mirror, man, you did it to yourself. Leg of lamb, prime rib, wild boar, kalbi ribs, spicy shrimp, mac-n-cheese, gnocchi, cheeses, salads, breads, and then the... OK stuff, which is too much too mention. Eye in the sky sees you eating like a gluttonous pig. Pace self with sanctity. #foodslut
4	We came for weekday brunch, and at around $25 per person, we felt like we got our money's worth. The main reason for this was that the price included the mimosas we ordered. For a buffet, the food was great, and the desserts were impressive. Of the two buffets we tried (the other being Aria at dinner) this is definitely the one I'd recommend.
4	Took my hubby here for the first time and I think the quality has gone down since the last time I was here. They did have new things to offer, which I was excited about, like bone marrow and kalbi, but had a lot more basic breakfast items than before. Last time I went there were more little seafood dishes and salads, and this time there was basic stuff like bacon, sausage, pancakes - just things that were so original it was boring. Also, it seemed like they were not replenishing stuff quick enough even though it was primetime lunch on a Sunday.  Also, the price went up to $39, I guess because they had bone marrow and kalbi now. Still a good buffet if you like the fancier gourmet stuff, but I don't think this place will keep up with buffets like Bacchanal who are already following suit.
4	I'm not typically a fan of buffets, as I feel that I'm forced to overeat and I don't think I eat enough to justify the costs of a buffet. On the bright side, it does give you the chance to sample a wide-array of food choices, and of all the buffets I've been to in Vegas, Wicked Spoon would be my top choice. They have absolutely everything from cheese & antipasto, sushi, shellfish, general seafood, asian fare, italian, meats, salads, soups, and everything in between. The best part is the dessert station full of unique treats. My biggest mistake was getting the all you can drink wine for $10 as I struggled to finish one glass as it's the lowest quality of wine and not very tasty. Next time I'll just order a better one by the glass! Overall a fun experience during my second time to Wicked Spoon.
5	Very good brunch buffet, lots of selections and tasty food. I liked the fact that they have a much better fruit and salad selection than the other buffets. There was not much of a wait around 11:30AM on a weekday. I would definitely go here for a brunch next time I am in vegas.
3	The epitome of blind gluttony. There is something about being in Vegas that makes it justifiable to over indulge and shamelessly stuff your face. I arrived at Wicked Spoon at 11am and by the time 11pm rolls around I was still full. So maybe I over did it a little but I felt obligated to eat my money's worth since I already paid $42 and I also had practically starved myself for the previous 3 days in preparation.There was barely any wait when we arrived at 11am but by the time we left at almost 1pm, the line was quite significant. The service was good and they were fairly attentive. There were a lot of people working so you can easily find something to ask for things from. They also have optional bottomless champagne/mimosa for just $10 but we were sufficiently libated the night before and opted out of it.This is going to sound a little crazy but I was disappointed in the lack of selections. So they did have 5 stations of food but each station only contained 5-6 selections. I did enjoy the small plates they presented everything on because it's pretty but it's not all that practical. If it was in one large pile, I would have taken 1 piece of fried chicken and not the 3 that the basket contains. The same goes for the pasta dishes that came in a miniature pot. I ended up wasting a lot of food.The taste was just okay for most items. I really wasn't impressed in the dishes that the reviews and my friends hyped up like angry mac n cheese, fried chicken, and bone marrow. The salad bar was also salads in individual cups. I enjoyed the wedge salad but the caesar salad was quite disgusting.The best part has to be the dessert section. There is a large variety of desserts to pick from and a full gelato selection. I really enjoyed the dulce de leche cheesecake and the chocolate raspberry tart. The gelato was also amazing. I had the salted caramel and it was creamy and delicious with the right amount of saltiness. My friends had the Thai tea and that was great too. I'm a little sad they didn't have a hazelnut flavor.You can ask for coffee, juice, or gelato in a to go cup to walk out with. I asked for an orange juice with ice and the girl was extremely nice in saying that it's of course something that they do. Love the awesome service.
4	I thought it was really good, especially for a buffet.
4	Delicious buffet. Awesome service. My only complaint: the desserts are not as good as the food.The place is cool like the whole hotel.
4	I usually don't like buffets in Vegas because most of them are so generic tasting, but Wicked is actually one of the few good ones. There are decent amounts of great delicious items here like the truffle in the pot, grounded meat with mash potato & stuff in a pot, wild boar sloppy Joes, gelatos, etc.. They do have bone marrows here, but most of it is kind of flavorless, like if they used them for something else already (maybe making pho); so light looking and if you find any dark looking ones, those are the yummy bones. For about $50 per person after tax, I'm sure you can get better food for dinner at the right restaurant, but if you want to sample many different tempting dishes, here is the spot. A fancy looking buffet.
1	This buffet is a joke. Monday brunch -June 17th,2013.....very limited seafood.. No crabs... I asked the chef, he said only dinner time or weekends. Left 20% tip... Unfortunately you pay before you get in and nobody nobody took our drink order for an hour...end of our brunch....3-4 empty plates each sitting on our table and nobody cleaned up the table , nobody!! .. We sat there an hour an a half. No waiting staff.... Food is mediocre ...cheap and repetitive... Do yourself a favor and go to Bellagio. Even Flamingos buffet has mountain of sea food and crab legs.... Really!
5	I kept hearing great things about this place so I caved in and tried it. I actually enjoyed it and was quite impressed with the presentation, quality and variety of foods. The deserts and Asian food selection are probably the highlight of this place~! Some reviewers complained about the small portions due to the presentation of the food (i.e. coming in small plates and a basket for the chicken) but  I think it's fine because it let's you really try everything.I experienced the brunch menu only and haven't had a chance to try their dinner menu. My favorite entrees were the Pork Belly (very surprised to see that there but it was fantastic), Fried Chicken (very moist inside and crunchy skin), and sushi which was pretty fresh and tasty. In terms of desert, I was most impressed with the gelato bar which had a great variety of flavors.The environment is very modern and clean, and we didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes when we got in around 2pm for lunch. The service was also fantastic and the bathrooms were spacious and clean.Overall, i would highly recommend this place even though it may be on the steeper side of prices. My only complaint would be that you pay for tip on the front end...which I've never seen before. What happens if you have crappy service?Price for Brunch on the weekends: $33Price for Dinner on the weekends:$41
5	2 years later and still the best buffet in Las Vegas hands down.  The presentation of the dishes, the quality, and the variety all make for an enjoyable experience.  The design of the restaurant in also so beautiful !!  They make all their ice creams in-house, offering unique flavors like Thai Tea and Peanut Butter and Jelly.  Sooooo Good!  Save room for dessert!
4	I LOVE VEGAS BUFFETS.It is seriously the highlight of my trips to Vegas.  I know everyone looks forward to getting trashed, going to the clubs, or hanging at the pool parties, but me?  I just want to hit up a buffet.  That's the only way I feel like my trip is complete.We arrived around 2PM on a Saturday.  It was about $35 per person, and there was a 15-30 minute line to wait in to get seated.  We got this awesome table right in front of the gelato fridge.  I stared at all the different choices and was more excited for the dessert than actual food.From what I remember, they had:Fried RiceBok ChoyStir Fried Beef & OnionsSushiMiso SoupGrilled ShrimpDuck RavioliGnocchiSpaghettiTaco BarCaprese SaladSandwich/Salad StationCarving Station with an assortment of meats and bone marrowOmelette StationSteamed ClamsWhile we were eating, they began to switch from brunch/lunch to dinner.  We were able to enjoy some Crab Legs and Shrimp Cocktail.  I'm sure there was more, but I forget at the moment.There's a dessert area with tons of pastries, cakes, macarons, gelato, and chocolate covered strawberries.  I went straight for the gelato and got the Mint Crunch and Pomegranate Sorbet.  SOOO GOOOD.Wicked Spoon came highly recommended from a friend and I share the same feelings.  Go try it, it's wicked good.
4	Sweet redemption!!!Made it back here on our most recent trip, and we were so much more pleased with our experience.Brunch on Monday was $25 and included your choice of 1 mimosa, bloody mary, or glass of champagne.  That's $15 cheaper than brunch here last week, without the drink.  Talk about a holiday markup. The selections were much better this trip.  Roasted pork belly, mini bahn mi, passion fruit macarons were our favorites this time, and may even be worth another trip.Worth the price this time for sure.  Now, if only they would remain consistent, we'd be there each trip for sure.
4	Food was good here. Presentation was great. All the food came in small plate portions. Kind of like tapas. Come here early so you don't get stuck in a huge line.This place serves bone marrow, which I've never seen at any other vegas buffets I've been too. It was too bland for my taste but still worth a try. All the other food were good and flavorful. Dessert section was excellentDefinitely give this buffet a shot if you haven't been before, it will be a slightly different experience from the traditional vegas buffets.
5	OH MA GAWD. So good. Ok so get this... If you don't want to spend $41 on dinner, they have an $18 takeout deal where you can get this amazingly huge box, fill it to the brim with goodies and go eat it in the Cosmo's beautiful lobby. Um. Yes please. Best part? Four words: Mac and Cheese Bar.  Yes, they hand-toss you your very own mac and cheese, want bacon? sure! want three cheeses? yup. add jalapenos? why not! We ate and ate and ate and literally had to lie down afterwords- so full and so good! Thank you Wicked Spoon, you were all I was hoping you would be!
4	Best. Buffet. Ever. Worth every penny and the long wait in line.One star off because our waitress and bus staff were a bit rude and it took quite a bit of time to get our dirty plates cleared off of our table.  My friends and I had to clear our plates quite a few times.Definitely try the gelato bar, which was a huge surprise at the end of our meal!  Also, the fresh salads are great starters.  My favorite was the fig salad.  The korean ribs were well-cooked and marinated.  Also, the creamed spinach was very rich but I could still taste the spinach.  Be sure to try the shrimp dim sum!  Drool.
4	This was a great buffet.  It truly was gourmet.  Bone marrow? right next to wild boar tacos?!!!!  Everything from the fresh salads to the fried chicken to the mountain of dessert was very good.  My only complaint is the alcohol situation.  The selection of wine and beer was not  good at al.
4	Went for brunch.  Excellent quality and great tasting food.  Loved the presentation as well.
4	BRUNCH Buffet Review:$25.00/person. Buffet here is pretty good, considering that it's a buffet! I came here for brunch and really enjoyed it. If your parents taught you to eat seafood to milk your money, then there is all the smoked salmon and clams in the world that can feed that appetite. I definitely strategized before grabbing food... I walked around and scouted what dishes I would focus my appetite on. Highly Recommend:  Smoked salmon was delicious!! I actually used some of the smoked salmon to replace the ham of my eggs benedict! Voila, selective and FANCY eating.Greens/Fruits/Other:  The kale salad is amazing, perfectly seasoned and texture was fabulous. They have various yogurts/parfaits/juice that I was okay with...Meats: OMG, they have such a good meat selection. They have steak that is perfectly cooked. Ask for the mid-slices if you like raw, and side pieces if you like well done. They also have various house sausages, so delicious! I definitely recommend getting small cuts before you go big (so you save room to enjoy all the other goodies). They have korean bbq ribs (amazing) and decent chinese food (not a fan).Desserts: Macarons!! Gelato! Various sugar-free desserts and more. Come early and get seated early... you don't want to wait in the ridiculous long lines especially during the weekends.BTW, the presentation of the food was so adorable! They have tiny pots to hold the pasta, takeout boxes for chinese food, etc.
5	You know that annoyingly pretentious guy or girl who goes to Vegas and is all "I don't do buffets; that's for amateurs"?  He or she hasn't been to Wicked Spoon.  And don't tell him or her.  Let's try to keep this a secret for as long as possible ;)  Husband and I came here RIGHT when it opened for dinner on a Friday night and there was NO LINE.  We hear it gets pretty packed later on in the evening though so if you hate the waiting game, go early bird style like we did!  The location was a little hard to find... it's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, but we had to wander around the shopping area for a bit before we spotted a sign that pointed us in the right direction.  It's a bit of a schlep from the main shopping area through the hotel to the buffet (a warning to ladies heading out in those sky-high stilettos!).The space itself is visually stunning and really does not look like the other buffets in LV.  Wicked Spoon has worked really really hard to distinguish itself from the other Vegas buffets and refers to itself as a "bustling culinary food hall."  Honestly, it can call itself whatever it wants.  It's awesome.  The quality of the food was excellent and about 70% is offered in individual tapas-size portions, which helps if you're the kind of person who typically overdoes it with the heaping spoonfuls of food at buffets.  For the Vegas buffet lovers (i.e., for that person in your party who really had their heart set on going to a traditional buffet), there's still the standard Vegas all-you-can-eat staples like crab legs and prime rib at Wicked Spoon.  Bone marrow?  At a buffet???  Yes, you read that right.  This is typically a $20-30 appetizer plate at some of the nicer restaurants I've been to, so after having a few bones to myself I knew I'd gotten my money's worth.  The salad and cold items section had some of the freshest offerings I've ever seen.  Octopus salad!  Shrimp ceviche!  Nom nom nom!Service was excellent.  Our servers were very attentive, and they refilled our drinks and cleared our plates away quickly.  The dessert selection was impressive.  There were even some sugar-free options (that did NOT taste like your usual sugarless desserts!) and so many gelato flavors to choose from!  Too bad we were too full from sampling everything else at the buffet to really try much of the dessert.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  There's plenty of kid-friendly options to pick from too, so parents don't have to worry about it being too sophisticated for a young palate.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I've been here for dinner and brunch and both services were amazing. I think Wicked Spoon has the best buffet in Vegas. They have yummy apricot french macaron. The first buffet I've seen to have macaron. Oh, and all you can drink mimosa on Sundays! The food was prime, the crowd was beautiful and the service was outstanding.
4	I had to take off one star. It's been a while since I last dined at Wicked Spoon. However, upon this visit, I was shocked that it was 40+  dollars on a Thursday night. Although I've always known this was an expensive buffet, I didn't remember it to be that expensive.Also, the food here is still not the strong suit this buffet. The ambiance, presentation, and dessert bar still remains the parts I liked best. But with the increase in prices (if it's not an increase, 40 dollars on a Thursday night is just too much), I felt it warranted a -1 star update.
3	To be honest, I was a little disappointed with this buffet - maybe it was because I had high expectations for Wicked Spoon.Came here on a busy night and waited for about an hour to get seated. By the time we were seat, my friend and I were already starving since we both haven't eaten anything for the whole day. After trying a little bit of everything, I thought many of the dishes were a little bland. The most memorable thing there was the desserts. Although they were a little too sweet for my taste, I really really liked it! Overall, I don't think this buffet is so bad if you happen to be near the area but it definitely isn't a place I'd go out of my way to get to either.
3	I was a little disappointed with this buffet, especially after hearing so many great things about it. I even heard this was the 'best buffet in Vegas' from several people! Well, definitely not!Seating was easy. We had a party of 8 and they were easy to accompany us. We only had to wait around 10 - 15 min to get in. Brunch on Monday was not too crowded surprisingly. It was only $24 a person. Service was excellent here! Our server Lisa kept coming back and asking if we needed anything and if the food was good. She even had some recommendations for us. Food-wise was a different story. Looking around, the selection was not as big as I would have hoped. I had a taste of most, if not all, of their dishes and none of them were absolutely amazing. The whole time I only really enjoyed the agua fresca, polenta, French toast, and the pork ribs. I don't recommend getting anything in the Chinese take-out boxes. When I went they had riblets in them which were disgusting. Make sure to have bread handy if you're going to eat the bone marrow. Dessert-wise, I only liked the carrot cake. Everything else was either bland or too sweet. I am willing to give this place another try...maybe during dinner where most of the more expensive goodies come out. It's just that I'm not sure that I want to pay the cost of it since I've already had a mediocre experience here. Maybe it wasn't great because it was brunch. Or maybe this really is the best buffet and I just had a higher standard. The world may never know.
5	The dainty portions of this buffet meet one of my buffet dining rules - eat small servings.  I like that they are served in little dishes or containers...fewer potentially diseased scoops or tongs to handle.Wicked Spoon also meets another of my buffet dining rules - unusual food that makes it worth the risk of stomach explosion.  Yes, I tried the bone marrow (blegh), salads (yes, salads), gelato, desserts (some were too sweet, but they're only a bite); skipped the bacon, bread, fresh fruits, and sushi (who eats that at $25 for brunch?).Another buffet rule of mine is eat slowly.  Yes, I'm at that table while you are waiting in line, there while you are scarfing down your fresh fruits and bacon, and still there after you left.  No rush from the server, though.  She cleared our plates promptly, but I did have to ask for refills on our drinks.I do wish for more seafood with a Wicked Spoon twist to them...maybe that's at dinner, I don't know.  As with a previous review, don't get that pork riblet in the Chinese takeout container.  it looks cute, but tastes gross.
3	The food was lacking flavor and taste, we were there for the ACF Convention. The service was lacking and non existing bussers.
5	Breakfast opens at 6:30 sharp and looks like they've been cooking all night. Pretty impressive array of just about everything. I challenge you to try each item...would take the entire time just grazing the buffet. If you arrive early, it's fresh, abundant and less crowded in long lines that eventually form. Flavorful coffee arrives in a piping hot pint mug. Be selective and manage your time...and stomach. Perceived good quality for the value. This coming from a chef recently presenting at the 2013 ACF convention in July. Wish we had time to return for dinner, but one buffet is usually sufficient per visit to LV, lest you regularly pop your knotted coat buttons.
5	If a restaurant recommanded by the locals, you know this restaurant is a good restaurant.  Wicked spoon meets all the expectation I read from the review.  If you a dessert fan or someone who loves to eat sweet stuffs, I GUARANTEE you will LOVE Wicked Spoon.  There are so many dessert selections.  They made them tiny and adorable which made desert fans jump up and down.  I am not a sweet fan, so I targeted other "salty, oily, unhealthy" food.  (Meat, Meat and alot more Meat). Ok, I'm a Carnivore, you are right.  It is very rare to see a buffet restaurant like Wicked Spoon who made most of their selections in high quality.  Well, besides the fruits, which they leave most of the fruit in whole...like oranges, plums, bananas, apple etc.  You just grab it and gobble it up like animals.  I don't really have any favorite since there were a variety of good selections.  Service was decent, no complaints.  We ate there twice in Four days staying in Vegas.  You guys can see I love this place.  I would give 4 stars if my girl friend didn't force me to give an additonal star since shes a huge fan of sweet food.  Enough words,  I definitely recommand Wicked Spoons if you stays on Strip.
5	What can I say, I loved everything about this buffet (well, except maybe the price, but oh well). I loved the slightly unusual selection of food at this buffet. It was a great way to get your buffet staples (crab legs, cocktail shrimp, prime rib) but also things you don't see every where like bone marrow, ceviche and pork belly. I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. Everything was well prepared and you can tell this place focuses more on quality versus quantity. Will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	My sister and I heard about different buffets around town, but this one had the best yelp reviews, so we decided to try it out. We aren't big buffet people, but this was amazing. I had to do 2 laps before finally settling on where to begin. We came between breakfast and lunch - which, in my opinion, is a GREAT time to visit Wicked Spoon. Best of both worlds. I grabbed some lunch items that were being set out, and some breakfast items that were going quick! For some reason, their simplest salad [lettuce, feta, and some sort of vinaigrette] was my absolute favorite. Also delicous? The cobbler. I'm a vegetarian, and there aren't all that many veggie options, but I left satisfied, and so did my meat-eating sis.
3	I was expecting a lot since this used to be the best buffet in town before Bacchanal opened. The prices were recently lowered so I was already expecting it to be not as good as it was in the past. Came here for brunch on a Tuesday and it was only $25. Pretty affordable I must say. First things first I walk the buffet and check what they have to offer. No crab legs, I'm assuming that's only a dinner option now. Fine with me. The sushi selection was pretty weak too, veggie roll, California roll, and shrimp tempura. No prime rib, although they did have the Korean short ribs. One of the tastier options. Chicken wings were good too, but if I really wanted chicken wings I shoulda just went to BBW. I also had a few breakfast items like pancakes and the eggs Benedict. Pancakes were delicious with the strawberry compote. The eggs Benedict was nothing memorable. The variety of desserts were good, but no macaroons. The gelato offerings tasted standard, but my favorite dessert was probably the cheesecake. All in all, the presentation of mini offerings was nice, but nothing tasted spectacular enough for me to come back. I'm just glad to have this buffet off my bucket list.
3	This place is great! i love the food and its one of the best buffets i have had in vegas or anywhere for that matter. There is a problem though and i will get to that in just a moment.  But on with my review the selection is great and the food is so good! i love to go to this place! i use we can eat here everyday however my parents like to try other places and cause of the high cost of the buffet they say its to much to eat all the time and i can see there point! this place is so awsome however the prices are so much and alot more then last year! it keeps going up and up and cause of the extreme high prices i give it 3 stars if the price was better it would have got 5! But still if you want a great meal so much better then circus circus buffets and others alike you need to come here! but be sure to bring plently of money dinner is over 50$ a person!
4	As far as Buffets go this was $38+ Tax, but the Food was really Good. I would go again..... I went to another buffet that was considerably cheaper and it really showed too
4	After hearing so many good things, I finally gave it a try today. Our party of 3 arrived just before 11am in time for brunch. We were told brunch is served until 2pm. There was no line and the three of us paid individually. There were 2 female hostess' standing at the the doorway to greet patrons and to seat you. I found it irritating that despite watching the three of us pay individually, she still had the audacity to ask for a receipt-UUGGGH...are you SERIOUS? Anyway, this review is more about the food. The wicked part is how WICKED GOOD it is and how WICKED expensive it was. Brunch- $27.03- I can't imagine lunch and dinner prices. I enjoyed just about everything I put on my plate. Shout outs to the very friendly woman at the omelet station from Downey, CA! She was really welcoming and sweet. I'm not a morning person but the few minutes encounter we had as she cooked my omelet turned my morning around. :) I was impressed by the food selection (I saw pasta, Korean bbq, Vietnamese in addition to all breakfast staples). The pancakes and french toast must have been sitting for a while, lukewarm at best and I like to enjoy my food fresh off the grill/stove, knowing that it was freshly made and not just "sitting out." :/ However, that orange ricatta pancake was delicious! Service was fine, it was beginning to pick up and our server had many dishes to collect/drinks orders to fill. I definitely ate my $27 worth of food and we did not feel pressured or rushed to leave. Much like the hotel, the dining are is beautiful, filled with elegant decor. I recommend it, wish this place was closer to home. TIl next time, Vegas! :) ps. after paying the buffet price, Wicked Spoon offers a to go option of just under $20...not bad?
5	$54 for brunch buffet and bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's! All 10 girls were GAME ON! We arrived on Saturday pretty late into brunch (it IS a bachelorette party, who gets up that early!!) but there was still a good amount of people there. We were seated immediately and ordered our drinks which arrived at the table strikingly fast. I was overwhelmed by the variety of food and how beautiful each dish was presented! I loved how each dish was portioned for one person to try. I tried the salads, muscles, chicken wings, cheese and bread, mac and cheese, while mushroom spaghetti, and a few other dishes. Every dish was delicious. There was not a dish that I tried that I did not like. The flavors were rich, so super rich.Our waiter was very nice and got all our drinks on our table in a timely manner. Those girls kept ordering the mimosas and the drinks kept on coming! The buffet area was super clean and everything was presented so neatly and pretty. Every dish sparkled. Not really but to me everything in Cosmo sparkles :)I wasn't feeling well the day I came here because I was running off a total of four hours of sleep in two days and I had nothing but Crown and greasy junk food in my system. After my second small plate at Wicked Spoon and only my third glass of mimosas, I threw down my napkin. I was really; really SAD I didn't get to try EVERYTHING. That's what happens when you play too hard, you miss out on GOOD food!! :(
5	My favorite vegas buffet with bachannal.
4	One of the best buffet on the strip.I went there for lunch on a weekday. The highlight was the shrimp cocktail very fresh.I love there french toast and pancakes and omelets.They have the best desert and italian ice cream for a buffet, for the strip.They also offer some korean food. But the highlight is the fresh fruits. I like how they have small portion.Pros: Excellent service, diverse food, menu is constantly changing, fresh fruits, shrimp cocktail, desert and ice cream. Excellent bacon.Con: Lack of beef dishes. No turkey breast, The korean food is average. The chinese food is average. Overall its a 4 star, they only thing that could change is a more meat selection or an improvement on chinese dishes
5	Everything you've heard is true....This is the best buffet in town! We've been to em all...and baby this is it!All all counts: uniqueness, freshness, quality and taste ... WS beats all the others. The brilliant minuature salads, piles of fine cheeses and breads...fantastic.Delicious meats, seafood and deserts beyond belief....We spent 2.5 hours just relishing the whole experience.So... we have a new favorite...and yes, we will definately be back!
5	This is definitely the best buffet in Las Vegas. I've been to 3 other Vegas buffets and none of them stack up. We went on a Monday night for dinner. The price seemed a little high ($80ish for 2 people) but when we got inside we realized why. There were so many options! Not every dish was a hit, but the majority were. My favorite dish was the short ribs and the beet salad and my husband's was the shrimp with cheese grits. Don't forget to hit the gelato station for dessert! The rest of the desserts were mediocre but the gelato was awesome, and there were a ton of different flavors. It made up for the rest of the so-so desserts. Every dish is served in such a cute way and all the portions are small enough that you can try everything. I loved that the salads were in tiny little bowls so I could eat a few (delicious) greens to round out my meal. The service was also excellent. Drinks and refills came quickly and servers were very nice. I'm sure this will be the only buffet we go to in Vegas now; Wicked Spoon has spoiled us too much!
5	This place is always great, and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes in a line to be seated.  Their small dish concept works pretty good, but walking back to your chair with all these small dishes balanced on your plate is pretty entertaining.  Food is great with a large variety to choose from.
5	Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you: Wicked Spoon - THE buffet of buffets.Let me first begin by stating: I am NOT a fan of the buffet.Well, I'm a fan of the IDEA of a buffet- endless food, endless desserts...mmmmmm.The problem? Well, take your average buffet - the food is plentiful, but the taste, quality, and presentation echo that of a prison scene from a movie, or from the hallowed past of your elementary school cafeteria days.Wicked Spoon takes those images, chews them up, and spits them out into something modern, very tasty, and quite enjoyable to look at. (How did I equate spitting with enjoyable??)If you've ever sat on the couch watching Food Network's Iron Chef, Chopped, or any other show on their lineup that uses verbiage like, "bla bla bla compote" "with a reduction sauce" "pared with a something or other" and your mouth just waters...wondering in your limited restaurant experience what any of those foreign terms taste like- then GO TO WICKED SPOON!!! They've got all kinds of bla bla bla compote reduced with a something or other sauce pared nicely with a snippet of something that is PRESENTED to you as if YOU were one of those celebrity judges on Iron Chef!!!I felt like a SUPERSTAH as I repeated MANY trips to the salad, desserts, main courses, and even to the MACARONI area where like many buffets with an omelet area, you can choose to have the chef add whatever ingredients in that you'd like (several cheese selections, crispy bacon, veggies, onions, sausage...so many choices) and then he cooks it all together right there. Macaroni with Cheddar, Parmesan, and bacon was my personal favorite.Their cheesecake was practically divine. The only thing to remember is that the portions are super tiny. Very elegant. Very fancy. That's a good thing though. If you get something you don't like (which is virtually impossible at Wicked Spoon), you can mix it around with your fork and it looks like you've eaten most of it. That way you don't have to feel like a wasteful pig when the server comes to clear your dirty dishes.I did think it was very expensive. It cost a little over $200 for me, my wife, and our 5 children (1 was under 3, so he was free). However, we have paid close to that in Vegas for other buffets and not been happy at all with the quality.On a side note- I finally got to try bone marrow! Completely nasty. I'll never eat it again. BUT, at least I got to try it!!! :-)
5	Today was the first time I tried the buffet at the cosmopolitan resort in Las Vegas named the Wicked Spoon!  As I walked in, it seemed like every other buffet with the dining area in front and the buffet in the back but as soon as set eyes on the food I was dumbfounded! Most of the food on this strip were all placed on these small portioned plates unlike the massive trays buffet food usually came in.  Each and every dish was made with precise quality and unfathomable expertise.  Not only was the dish made for a portion intended by the chef, each dish was decorated as if it came from a 5 star restaurant.  This is basically a 5 star buffet.As I scouted through my options I saw some of the most exotic foods I have seen from a buffet.  There was bone marrow, a Shepard's pie with beef tongue, pulled goat meat, extravagant cheeses, a wild boar sloppy joe, and Chinese food that reminds me of mommy (which is saying a lot).  There are about two dozen different salads in this buffet including an octopus salad.  Of course this buffet has the usual Vegas favorites such as the prime rib station and the endless bucket of snow crab legs, but for the first time in my life, and I have been to just about every buffet in Vegas, there was a Mac and cheese bar.  A divine little section of the buffet where you get to pick and choose your ingredients for Mac and cheese and they cook it for you! Much like an omelette station, but for Mac and cheese.  I just about died and went to heaven from the sheer sight of it.Ladies and gentlemen I believe I can safely dub the Wicked Spoon one of and if not the best buffet I visited on the Las Vegas strip and if you're in town it is a must go to spot for your trip!  One tip, the juices are free. Order the half orange half cranberry juice.  I would have never thought of the combo but it blew my mind!Only complaint, the Chinese pork skin wasn't crunchy, then again I'm a spoiled chinaman, but they got most of it right!
5	Hands down the best buffet I've ever been to! The food was already amazing to begin with, but the presentation is what makes this place truly worth every penny. It's like you are able to try everything as if it were made for you specifically. I couldn't believe the options in that there were so many unique dishes, I didn't know how to conquer them all. Needless to say, I definitely made the most of my visit there and will absolutely come back!
5	Best buffet I've ever had.  This is not the common "steam tray full of something" you'd expect.  We're talking rich and flavorful items that mostly come in pre-sized portions.  I was there for brunch to keep the price lower, but it was still expensive.  Even with the price I feel I got my money's worth and more.  I will make this a stop I make every time I am in Vegas.
3	This review will be an example of how the service staff can ruin a dining experience.Let me start by saying, we love the Wicked Spoon!!!  We try to make it in for a meal everytime we're in Vegas.  The food is great and they always have a new suprise on the menu.  The way they set up smaller portions in those cute little crocks is perfect.Unfortunately, on this visit, we got a grumpy old server with a bad memory.  Everytime we ordered drinks, she either had to be reminded of our order or she'd put the drinks in front of the wrong person.  We'd order a couple of cokes and a cup coffee.  She'd bring back 3 coffees and tell us "Oh, someone at the table will drink them".But the biggest buffet party foul of all is not clearing the plates quick enough.  We literally had to stack our plates at the edge of the table, while we watched her clear an empty table next to us.Wicked Spoon, there are a lot of good people out of work.  Review the quality of your people and bring back the "A" level dining experience.
4	Well this is what a Vegas brunch is about! The food was great and for $9 additional it was bottomless drinks! The gelato bar made my brunch experience what it was, yum. We had a larger group so we didn't have to wait in line and got seated quickly! It was great. We even got a to-go beverage for our Vegas exploring.
3	I'm typically not very big on buffets but this is definitely one if the better ones I've been to. I really love the variety they had for dessert!
4	We tried this place on Monday for lunch due to all of the awesome Yelp reviews.It was good, very good in fact.  $25 for "brunch" is not all that bad for Vegas, it comes with one mimosa.  It is really quite cool.  All items are served "individually", meaning a small portion on a small plate (but you can go back again and again).  I liked this as it would stop some of those gluttons from wasting so much food.  Each item is presented very nicely with accompaniments to go with it.  I liked it.The good:  Very fresh, 5-star, chef quality food.The breakfast items were very good and some out of the "normal" (good fresh sausages, apple, linguica, bangers, italian, etc.  all homemade).The hash was excellent, benedicts good, omelet bar had good choices.Amazing hollendaise sauce on the benedicts and hash. mmmmm.Pizza (only two types)  was very good.The meatballs were very good.  Polenta with pesto, pancetta and cranberry good.The desserts (although not as huge as some other LV buffets) were good.The gelatos were AMAZING.  Chocolate covered strawberries also very fresh.The "meh":  The beef selections.  No prime rib (I thought kind of weak), I did not try the sirloin, it looked good but not enough for me to try.  That was it.Some baked chicken that the wife said was "ok".The "angry mac and cheese" tasted like Chef Boy Ardee (someone said you gotta try it, so I did).Chocolate lava cake at the dessert bar was very dried out, like a brownie.The needs some help:  Salad bar was seriously lacking.  There were only a couple of selections, some not too popular.  The popular ones (a nice looking wedge salad) was gone before I even had a chance to try and not replaced.  Then replaced with a watermelon salad that looked like, uh... cubes of watermelon.The entire Asian section was weak (the little chinese to-go containers) and not even worth visiting.Seafood.  Oh, was there any?  A shot glass with 2 shrimp and a drop of cocktail sauce does not make a seafood bar.What would be good to add:  Prime rib.  Seafood. Get rid of the Asian stuff, improve the salads.  Maybe add a greek area instead (gyros, pita, hummus, cabbage rolls, souvlaki, etc).A crepe bar would be nice to see.Will we go back the next time?  If going to a buffet, yes for sure.
2	Very diappointing and definately not up to par with the other top buffets in town. I went with every high expectations and had heard a lot of great things about it. I got there and it was 46 dollars basically the same price as the bacchanal buffet which is amazing so i immediately upped my expectations. I got in and the assortment was in no comparison to the bacchanal  buffet . The food was old and nothing was fresh except the mexican section. The crabs were not King crabs they were snow crabs and they were gritty with not much meat in them. Overall the food was mediocre and nothing stood out as special that made me wanna go back. The gelato was very good but not enough to make me come back. I will never go to this buffet over the bacchanal buffet.
1	Sucked...total hype...food was terrible...$40 per person rip! Yes the serving style was unique and yes there were different food menu items like you most likely would not see at other buffet's. But these items were not gourmet, nor would I say good in general. Bad, terrible, simply distasteful in most cases. A couple items I liked; little fried chicken wings (greasy as hell though), actually that is the only item I liked now that I think about it. Don't waste your time if you're a foodie. This food is for entertainment purposes only and unless your a punk kid or a tourist just looking to kill time then I would pass.
5	My FAVORITE Vegas buffet so far!The food really looked and tasted gourmet. Usually food at buffets are just O-K, but I thought (most of) the food at Wicked Spoon tasted delicious! They also had a lot of variety and eclectic options. I LOVE that they have bite sized everything because I usually only want a taste of things and waste the rest of it. They also have some food in cute little pots and pans and baskets and whatnot. Absolutely adorable!The restaurant looks like a nice restaurant, not a buffet. I was confused about how to tip though! Were we supposed to tip at the cashier? Were we supposed to tip at the table? The price wasn't bad either! It was about $43 for dinner (including tax but not tip). We came at 5ish and there was no line, but it was more crowded when we left around 6:30.Highly recommend this place!!!
3	Sure, the food looked like gourmet.  However, it was an underwhelming experience for me.  I liked the rib eye and lamb, but everything else was overcooked or left cold for too long.  Desserts was good, but I'd rather get my desserts fix at Jean Philippe. If this is the number 1 rated buffet in Vegas, I really don't wanna try any other buffets.
4	My 2nd time eating here and thought that the place is pretty decent to try. I'd say that the lunch is worth the value at about $33 per person. I came here to eat my monies worth so it was all about the crab legs, prime rib, and chocolate covered strawberries. I had other items such as shrimp cocktail in a shot glass, kale salad, cake desserts, etc but I'd say go for the crab leg, prime rib, and chocolate covered strawberries. They're pretty out of this world.Staff I'd very attentive but too quick to clear the plates. Gf and I went for our 3rd round and our table was cleared. However they quickly got us new setting and everything was fine and dandy.I'd recommend trying this place once. For the price and wait, I'd highly recommend it.
4	Friends are visiting and we WERE going to hit up the Aria Buffet BUT decided on the Wicked Spoon instead. About $45/person and it's not the typical buffet... Instead of scooping all your food on your plate they set out little TAPA like plates so you just grab and go. The downside is you can only fit so many little plates on your BIG plate - they should really hook you up with a TRAY so you can get EVERYTHING you want all at ONCE but whatever. The upside is PORTION CONTROL. But really, you're at a BUFFET!! WHO needs portion control?! I was only going to give this place three stars however the SHRIMP CEVICHE is BOMB.COM. They portion out the ceviche in these little TINY plastic cups. I will literally sit there and dump about 5-7 little cups into ONE cup to make room for everything and the ceviche is SOOOO good!! Also another of my faves is this mexican tapa dish - for the life of me I can't remember the name of it but it was SOOO good!! Beans and meat and a tostada type thing - DELISH! AND I was SO full and grabbed one of EVERYTHING from the dessert buffet EXCEPT for the gelato. Thankfully Geary got gelato tho and I sampled his and it was SOOO good so it moved my star rating from THREE to FOUR!! MUST GET THEIR HOUSE MADE GELATO!!
3	I've been to Wicked Spoon a couple of times, and while the first visit was spectacular, my most recent visit left me unsatisfied.  Every Vegas trip, we choose one brunch buffet to visit on our last day.  Our last two trips, we chose the Wynn buffet, but since we were gambling at the Cosmopolitan, we decided to stay local.$25/person for a brunch on a Friday is totally sensible, especially for one of the more highly rated buffets.  The 15 minute wait was also very reasonable for a Friday at around 11:00AM.Wicked Spoon has a wide variety of foods separated by stations: breakfast (omelettes, biscuits and gravy, french toast, etc), meats (italian sausage, prime rib, bone marrow), spanish inspired, asian inspired, light appetizers, and desserts.  The variety plus the creativity offered in a lot of the dishes are much to be admired, however this visit, I felt like Wicked Spoon delivered more simplistic and stale foods.  The chocolate covered strawberries though, omg.  So delicious.  In my opinion, the desserts alone are worth the price of the buffet.I'll probably skip Wicked Spoon on my next Vegas trip, but will return soon after for a follow up.  Hopefully I just came on an "off day".
4	I prefer this over WYNN Buffet!!!  There is very little waiting in line. Beside the food here is better in my opinion. Their Prime ribs is way juicier!! they also have sear salmon, bone marrow and crab cakes. I used to stay in line and paid over 60 dollars per person at WYNN, but no more. I pick Wicked spoon at Cosmo Politan over any other buffet!!!
2	I don't know what all the hype is about but I'm guessing it was for dinner because Sunday brunch sucked!! Definitely not worth the $35 dollars.  Yay:-Desserts: Cheesecake, gelato, rice pudding, carrot cake, and the strawberries (from the chocolate covered strawberries) were all the things I liked from this buffet.-You have the option of paying $10 extra for champagne brunch which was nice.  Nay:-Food: why is everything so salty?!? I'm surprised no one is tasting the food before it comes out.  After I was done eating, my tongue felt sore from the abrasiveness of all the salty food.-Variety: They don't have that many.  There was an abundance of pork though. Bacon, sausage (breakfast sausage and sausage patties, and andouille), roasted pork (Chinese 5 spice-skin was not crispy, Chinese pork ribs, and at the carving station-pork belly bacon was really tough and roasted pork ribs).  They had a small section of Asian food-everything was bleh or too salty, Spanish/Italian foods, a large breakfast station, a breakfast omelette station, a make your own cereal station, salad bar, dessert and the only soup being offered was a miso soup and guess what, yes that's salty as well. -Carving station: I guess it's my fault for not asking about what was being served before I waited in line but there was NO prime rib!  I'm just so used to ALL the buffets in Vegas offering it, but this was a huge disappointment.  The only thing they had were roasted chicken, top sirloin, bone marrow and roast pig.  I liked that they had bone marrow BUT the toast that was served with it and the chimichurri was SALTY! UGH! It had like a strong garlic salt taste to it-The guy at the carving station: was very inattentive.  Didn't seem like he wanted to be there.  A customer asked for a slice of prime rib and he gave him a slice of top sirloin.  Didn't even try to correct him and say that it wasn't prime rib.  Maybe he didn't hear him, but like I said, very inattentive.  I had to wave him down once because he was staring off somewhere else.I definitely regret coming here for brunch.
4	I love this buffet! My favorite yet:)The only reason why I gave it a 4 out of 5 was because the sushi wasn't spectacular, for $46 a person I expect the best!Kale salad is to die for, and the best bottomless bloodymary's I have ever had!xoxox
5	This place is amazing! Way more than what a buffet is. Wicked Spoon has raised the bars on AYCE. Some dishes are served on individual plates, which gives off a very nice presentation. Presentation? At a buffet? Two thumbs up on that.Dining Space;-Yes there is some, so you won't have to bump into chairs or other people.Atmosphere;-Somewhat ambient, but a little more on the brighter side. Dress code is casual, but I've seen people dress up nice for this. To me it's a buffet. Dress to impress mixed in with pigging out is not my style.Furniture;-Over the top for a buffet.Service;-GreatVariety;-Pretty good. Korean BBQ was awesome.Food;-Wicked. Yes, I went there.Tips;-Make the effort to go here. Do not let the 1hr line scare you. You're going to a buffet so build up that appetite. If there is any buffet to go to in Las Vegas, it's Wicked Spoon. Trust me, I used to go to LV on a bimonthly basis. I only wish I knew about this place sooner before I stopped my travels there.
5	Really enjoyed this buffet. First time there and wanted to check it out because of all the good reviews. I would have to say the quality of food was awesome. The only thing that could have been a little better was the sushi rolls. They fell apart as I picked them up.  But still very tasty. My favorite was the locks bagels. The salmon was delicious. The buffet decor and cleanliness was very pleasing. Only waited in line for about 20 mins before I was seated. Very nice wait staff and attentive. If you go for Sunday brunch make sure you get there before 11:30 am because the line starts to get very long around that time. Also you can bottomless mimosas for only 10 extra dollars. Well worth it. Enjoy!
4	Awesome buffet. I had heard good things about this buffet, so naturally I had to try it. Everything was very delicious up until the third round when I hit the Italian and Asian cuisine areas. Unfortunately some of the pasta sauces were too strong, and the sushi area was mediocre. That was a bit of a buzzkill, but thankfully the dessert station more than made up for it. The desserts were bomb.com. Our server was also very nice and kept checking up on us making sure we were doing ok and taking our used plates. I will definitely come back if the opportunity arises.
4	Why 4 stars? - DESSERT BAR! anything you can think of, dig in and have a sugar high!  - Bone marrow with caramelized onions with sea salt! amazeballs! - Elegant dining experience that differentiate wicked spoon other 1500 buffets in Vegas. - Small plates with individual serving size - cute cultural serving dishes for example for Chinese food, it's served in a cute take out Chinese paper box.  - Reasonable price for high end buffet  - Not about the quantity but the Quality! Enjoy! xoxo
2	I'm pretty sure that the Cosmopolitan realizes that it is losing too much money and thus has cut its budget on the already loss-leader known as the Wicked Spoon.From the previous reviews, it seems that the Wicked Spoon has come a long way from being a 5 star experience to a 2-3 star experience (for its price).The first problem encountered was at the entrance when we saw that a gold brick had fallen off and thus left a giant white hole on the wall where it was supposed to be. This means that they have reduced the amount of maintenance workers for the restaurant. This also should not happen in a five star resort partnered with the Ritz.The second problem was that there was almost no variety when we came this time. The worst part of it all was that the sushi was "FOR DISPLAY ONLY". REALLY? The third problem was that they started to clean up at around 7:45 PM (they close at 9 PM), meaning no more fresh food after that, save for a couple of dishes. NO MORE DESSERT TOO. Basically that means I was unable to eat any of the supposed good stuff.By the way, they I believe they save those desserts for the next morning. I'm serious, I saw them neatly stacking them on a tray obviously not intending to dispose of them.Some of the food was pretty good though, but this isn't close to being a value for its price. The gnocchi with a sweet corn emulsion was really good. I do believe that they purposely try to use sub-par ingredients.I happened to ask our waitress for her opinion and even she said that it isn't worth it for dinner, although breakfast seems to be a better value. She also happened to hint that chefs here are constantly replaced.Service is impeccable however. Our waitress was literally superwoman. The path for the waiters and waitresses to walk through was poorly designed. They are forced to walk through a maze.This place really is total hype. From a pure business standpoint, I would've cut the budget on this buffet too. $4 billion is a ton of money to repay to Deustche bank. Analysts have calculated that this hotel will not reach profitability in this decade. That means more cuts are expected.Living on lost reputation is okay, but you can definitely see that some people realize what has happened. There weren't as many low ratings (i'm not sure if they even had any!) in the first two years they opened but lately the low ratings have been increasing.The parking here sucks too!!!!!!111!!11!!1!1
2	Was a fan before, not anymore. In an epic battle of top buffets in Vegas, wicked spoon has officially fell off. This use to be my go to buffet until this last trip. Too much salt!!!  Seems as if they laid out all the food and had someone with a bucket of salt sprinkle it on everything. He missed a couple dishes meaning those were under seasoned and didn't taste like anything. How could you butcher a ban Mai? Clams in white wine sauce was overcooked and needed seasoning. Canadian bacon seemed to be cooked in salt, dipped in salt, cut and had more salt added to it Why the two stars? Pastry chef seems to be always on point! Strawberries used in the chocolate covered strawberries were sweet. Cheesecake was amazing! Thai ice tea gelato was another highlight. Overall the desserts couldn't make up for the horrible food. Doesn't look like I'm coming back. Chefs of wicked spoon, please taste your food before you send it out!
4	I don't really eat at buffets like I use to, can't eat as much and I've become spoiled while eating at nicer restaurants as I've gotten older.But this one is pretty dang good and perfect for big groups.I was at CES this past year and with our work we had about 14 people, we didn't reserve anywhere for one of the nights, so we all went to this buffet.It turned out to be a good decision.  Food was good, service was good.  Nothing that really blew me away, but it is a solid place.
4	Our last day in Vegas and my girlfriends and I recapped at Wicked Spoon, for some buffet breakfast. Breakfast was relatively cheap, especially since we got some $ off because we were guests of the hotel.They easily sat a group of 15 with minimal wait. But, then again, we were up in line right about the time they opened for breakfast. Great choices. Easy layout to follow. I went back for 2nd, 3rds and 4ths! Thankfully, the serving sizes are pretty petite or I'd feel like a guilty fat piggy. They have a wide variety of choices for morning noshes: American continental, Asian, Italian, southern comfort, gelato and desserts galore. I loved the custom egg omelette choice, along with my kimchi fried rice. Portions were dished out small, so I could sample a little bit of everything. Okay, not everything. It just felt like it.Overall, food was delicious. Once of the best buffets I've eaten at in a while. I wouldn't mind revisiting this place, the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Not just the best buffet we've had in Vegas, but possibly the best buffet we've ever had. The quality of food is superb.
2	So disappointed!!! Feel like my friends and I have been totally misguided by the " 4 star" rating!
3	not bad, but i was definitely underwhelmed after looking at all the delicious pics on yelp. they were out of a lot of items and didn't have that much of a variety (weird, i know). i walked around for a long time trying to find something appealing, and actually had a pretty hard time. i thought maybe it was just me, but a majority of my party couldn't find much they wanted either. although i will say a few of my friends did get around four plates during the meal!they also didn't ask us if we wanted alcohol with our brunch-which my entire party did-but didn't realize it was an extra fee until we got to the table. after standing in the line for a thousand years, we obviously weren't go to go through that again just for booze. either way, it was kind of a buzzkill. the best things i had were the thai tea gelato and the mini ice cream cones.
3	Used to be one of my fav LV  buffet.  Looks like the quality of the food went down and some of the items from the past are missing.the crab legs were tiny too.    Sushi was weak.  Dessert was the highlight.   The Service was great.
4	Yummy, delicious, fresh food.  Definitely worth the price.
4	Three words: Chocolate-covered strawberries.Very good food and our particular waiter was top-notch. The downside is that, like everything in Vegas, this brunch buffet is expensive -- $33, not including drinks. I get that it's all-you-can-eat, but due to the rich and filling food, you won't be able to eat that much.
4	I love Wicked Spoon! We are from Vegas and always wanted to try it when we lived there and never did, so I knew we HAD to when we came back to visit last month. We came for brunch on Saturday--we were very impressed with all but one thing (omelet station.) They have all kinds of goodies--fried chicken in little baskets, incredible salad bars, a GELATO bar, pork belly....just a lot of things you don't always find at buffets. The presentation was flawless--everything in mini baskets, cast iron skillets. We had ricotta pancakes that were incredible. Now to the omelet bar--the guys working the omelet bar seem like they hate each other, their jobs, and probably their lives. They were SO rude. The guy barked at me about what I wanted in my omelet, and he didn't even add all the veggies I asked for. Whatever, it looked delicious. I took it back - it was COMPLETELY raw inside. I was so disgusted. The line was so long that I didn't go back so I was very disappointed. The service was incredible, though--our server was pretty attentive and the cashier was very nice. I love the feel of Wicked Spoon--I think next time we come back we'll try dinner. The food other than the omelet bar was delicious!
4	Decided to give it a try based on the reviews.  I expected a totally untraditional buffet after reading through the reviews.  It ended up being a pretty traditional buffet, with the exception that many items were served in smaller contained dishes (the harder to load things up on your plate).  There was a pretty good selection of food.  Standout items for us included the kalbi ribs, fried rice, caprese salad, watermelon salad (watermelon disk sitting on some balsamic glaze with a dollop of mascarpone) and shrimp cocktail.  Crab legs were a huge disappointment - wimpy snow crab clusters that did not look edible, didn't even go there.  Flourless chocolate cake was delicious and my son enjoyed the ice cream selection.I have been to Bacchanal for brunch and I would imagine that dinner is just as fantastic.  I would probably opt for Bacchanal next time but overall, we did enjoy Wicked Spoon.  Crab legs are really the draw for me at a buffet and Wicked Spoon did not come through!
5	This is probably the best buffet I have ever been to. I love the fact everything is proportioned and the quality is amazing. There are two lines. One to pay and one to wait for a table. Have one person stand in each. So that way when you are done paying you are almost ready to he seated. I. made the mistake of not having my husband stand in the other line and ended up waiting two hours!!We got unlimited mimosas and the waiter gave us 10 at the end to drink! So much fun. A little pricey but totally worth it!
2	Presentation is nice;Food was tasteless and cold;Food choices were ok - nothing jumps out; and to top it off, some of the servers are not the friendliest. In my point of view, for $45, I expected more.  Overall, I'm disappointed and won't return.
5	I don't understand why my friends don't like coming here.  The food is 4 stars, presentation is 5, variety is 5, and it's super different from other buffets in Vegas.  Mac and Cheese station is awesome!
4	Food: Most of their food was presented in individual portions. So it was very convenient to grab whatever looked interesting. I particularly liked that their cocktail shrimp, which came in shot glasses so people aren't digging through a pile. That can get a little unsanitary in a hurry. I loved their carving station. Their beef sirloin was one of the best that I've had in a while at a buffet.Service: For a Vegas buffet, they have the best service! They were constantly clearing our table of our empty plates and filling our drinks. I have not seen this level of service at all of the other current top buffets including the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace. All of their food stations are also kept very clean.Location: It is located in the Cosmopolitan next to the elevators to the hotel rooms. Very convenient if you're staying at the hotel. From the casino floor, you can take one of the escalators to the second floor and then follow the signs to the buffet.Bottom line: For me, this buffet is now my go-to buffet whenever I'm in town.
4	Id consider this place almost like a smaller version of Ceasars Bachannal Buffet. Not as big of a selection,but food is still awesome and super super gourmet. This is the first REAL fancy buffet i went to in vegas so it holds a special place in my heart :o)For 10$ more you get unlimited wine and mimosas (during brunch) so you can get your DRANK ON an head over to the pool parties to chill out.SAVE ROOM FOR DESERTBuffets i have been to in order from best to worst:Bacchanal - CeasarsWicked Spoon - CosmopolitanWorld Carnival - RioSpice market - Planet Hollywood, The BellagioParis Le Village - ParisParadise Garden Buffet - FlamingoMore Buffet - Luxor
3	Been here twice during my visits to Las Vegas.  I must admit it was pretty awesome that it was located inside the Cosmopolitan and the buffet itself was very eye catching.  The wait can get bad at times, I had to wait in a 15 minute line once to go in for dinner time.  The customer service was decent, very easy to get a hold of them if needed.  When it comes down to the food, the selection was plenty and the presentation of it looked outstanding.  In my opinion the quality of the food was mediocre, I think I really payed for the venue itself and how appetizing their food looks.  I still ate plenty and got my moneys worth at the end.  The quality of the taste for such a nice buffet was disappointing in my opinion , I'm sure I could've payed that price for a quality tasting restaurant elsewhere in the Cosmopolitan.  This place has a lot of big hype about it so it's worth checking it out just to say you've been there.
5	It's a little pricy here but the food is amazing! A buffet worth trying in Vegas!
5	Food coma, this place was phenomenal. Hit it about 11 am, was $55 for 2 people. Great service! All I can say is try one of everything and pace yourself because almost everything I put in my mouth was awesome!  To name a Few items on the fav list: Mac and cheese, eggs Benedict, smoked trout mousse, mushroom stroganoff, chocolate covered strawberries....etc etc etc
3	Wicked Spoon is really really upscale and clean, inside the Cosmo (one of Vegas hottest hotel). Food presentation was gorgeous, little plates and mini pots holding all the scrumtious looking food. This is def a place for MEAT lovers (sausage, salami, ham, chops, steak, Kalbi (too tough and salty)...just to name a few) However, for seafood lovers, there are less choices. Shrimp is pre-pealed (which is great) and served in a shot glasses by three pieces so you would have to grab a ton of them and carry all the way back to your table. Sauteed shrimp was yum but gone in 60seconds! Same with the mussels...Oh and sadly, we arrived around 1-ish in the afternoon and had to wait till 3pm for the crab legs and by the time that happened, i was already too tired to eat =(  Mimosas are bottomless for ten bucks. Not bad.
4	This was my second time coming to Wicked Spoon. The first time I was too drunk to really appreciate the food. I did not make the same mistake. I loved it. The food was amazing. I loved the paella. The sushi was good. The gnochi was delicious! The decor was really nice and it was extremely clean! Our attendant was super friendly, nice and attentive. The selection of food was good. I made a stop to all of the different areas. The desserts were fantastic.
4	Excellent food!  I would say that Wicked Spoon and the Wynn buffet are the best in Vegas.
5	The Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan is definitely in the top 3 buffets of Las Vegas.  This upscale and modern buffet will please anyone who is hungry, and looking to dine with class.  The price is what you would expect from practically every top buffet in Vegas.  Unfortunately for me, I lost credit card roulette, and had to fork out a few hundred dollars for my friends.  Despite my loss, the food was great.  There was a lot of selection.  All the food was fresh, and very appealing to all the senses.  I absolutely loved the presentation of all the food.  They were all individually portioned already, and placed in a special plate, ready for the taking.  They even had a mini deep fryer to put the fried chicken in.  They also have an omelette bar which was excellent because I love breakfast food.  Make sure to save room for dessert because they have a vast dessert section too.  Ladies, you can take all the instagram pictures you want and post it on facebook for the world to see!  I would definitely come back in the future.
4	I'll start by saying I have never been to a fancy Vegas buffet, ever. The best buffet I've had the pleasure of stuffing myself silly at is Tomi Seafood Buffet in Northern California... so, I really have nothing to compare Wicked Spoon to.After enduring two weeks of rigorous diet and exercise (gotta fit into them dresses), I was able to enjoy a trip to Las Vegas for a friend's belated 21st birthday. Partying all day and all night meant there wasn't much time for meals, so my friends and I mostly resorted to picking up overpriced salads at the little market in our hotel (Vdara). You can only imagine my excitement when I woke up Sunday morning, knowing that we were going to go ALL OUT. My stomach was going to hate me, but I didn't even care.Once we checked out of Vdara, we left our luggage with the valet and walked over to the Cosmopolitan, which is where WS is located. It was a little difficult to find at first considering how large the Cosmopolitan is, but with the help of an employee, we were well on our way to a well-deserved meal!But wait, not yet. After paying (~$35 for lunch), we had to wait in line for half an hour, which I suppose isn't so bad. Thankfully, my friends and I weren't too hungover from the night before, so the wait was bearable.When we finally got seated, everyone suddenly adopted an "every woman for herself" mentality and went our separate ways towards the food. Oh, the FOOD. There was so much of it, and I became overwhelmed. How many plates should I grab? One? Five? I decided to start with two. I piled on as much food as I could onto my plates, and speed-walked back to the table to get my grub on. My stomach was so eager, so ready. I'm not even sure how I had the patience to take pictures.I ended up devouring a total of five plates. Woo! Some of the noteworthy dishes included the eggs benedict, fried chicken, prime rib, shepherd's pie, and a strange watermelon dish that was surprisingly good. Oh, and of course, the desserts. Dear lord. It was magnificent. Although I was disappointed because there were no macarons in sight...To be honest, by the fourth plate I was forcing the food into my mouth. You know when your stomach says no, but your taste buds just can't get enough? Yup, that's exactly it. Thanks to Wicked Spoon and my lack of self-control (also Earl's, but I'll write about that later), I went into a 24-hour food coma that nearly resulted in my death. Too much... too much.Next time, it'll be Bacchanal!
5	Great food. Friendly service. It was an interesting selection.  I would definitely recommend for a first try at tapas.
5	This is my buffet dream come true! It has every selection of food you could possibly want to eat. They had Italian, Asian, American, Korean, Japanese, Chinese food, and tons of cute little desserts. It was about $50/pp with unlimited mimosas and $40/pp without mimosa. The food lives up to the expectation of the cost. We spent a good 2 hrs here enjoying the food. The line is long, but it gets even longer after 10am. I highly recommend this place and to go early.
1	Worst $44.00 meal I ever had. Buffet was horrible, desserts were tasteless...I paid $44:00  just for decor:( please check the menu before going.
5	My wife and I came to Vegas for our 5 year anniversary and, because I like buffets, we looked to Yelp to determine where to go.   Suffice it to say, we chose Wicked Spoon.  The food was delicious and it had a great atmosphere.  Everything was clean and had a really cool vibe to it.  I will say that the one minor inconvenience is how far you need to walk through the hotel to reach the buffet.  In spite of that small little detail they had a great selection of appetizers, cheeses, main courses, and desserts.  The waiters were very prompt with our drinks.  My wife is vegan (mostly) and she was easily able to find what she wanted and I was able to have all the delicious meats I could eat.  I am sure that you will enjoy this place as much as I did.
2	most of the dishes are basic and tasteless.   nothing wow reaction. not  a lot of selection. small dessert areas. quality of food is bad . it like the food has been sitting in the heat lamp  for hours.  the best one was fresh fruit juices but they ran out fast and was told to wait an hour.. they don't have a lot of fruits
4	Get to Wicked Spoon early or you will be waiting!Food:Where do I even start? It's a buffet that offers quality food.I opted to just eat steak and seafood, and it was amazing!The lunch buffet was about $42 with tax. Although on the pricey side for a buffet, the quality of food is higher here.Side NotesAmbiance:The decoration is top notch! My only complaint is that there are only two stalls in the mens' bathroom located in the buffet. A lot of people were mad about that! Have no fear; there is actually a bigger bathroom right outside of the buffet. Just make sure you bring your buffet receipt with you when you leave.Service:This place has top notch service. My friends were thirsty, and probably drank more than enough Bloody Marys and mimosas to cover the $10 all you can drink cost. They definitely made our server work!Conclusion:I've been here quite a few times, and still keep coming back, so what does that mean? I will be back!
4	Service was awesome and there is no long line. Not too many selections but the food and dessert was delicious. Price was expensive $$ but it's worth it
2	Basically, the food looks great but tastes underwhelming and disappointing for its price - any other $50 buffet would be better (i.e. Bellagio, Wynn, etc.) Note: I went for dinner.PROS:- food is displayed aesthetically and in small portions. Probably the most well-displayed food of all the buffets (dishes are served in miniature pots, etc.)- they serve bone marrow, which is pretty damn cool- there is a wide selection of food (steak, crab legs, etc.)- they have a variety of flavored gelato (Nutella!)- great service CONS:- ALL...literally all the items I tried were underwhelming and plain - I've had better. THIS IS THE MAIN REASON I'M GIVING 2 STARS AND PROBABLY WOULD NOT COME BACK AGAIN: the first thing I tried wasn't that good. Same for the second, third, etc. and at the end of the meal, I realized most everything tasted subpar and plain. The sushi was the generic, "fake" sushi type - but none of the Vegas buffets ever have real, quality sushi anyway. The salmon was dry, the bone marrow was bland, the marinade for the kalbi beef wasn't good and it probably wasn't marinated for very long because the taste faded. The best thing was probably the mac n' cheese.- not a wide selection of cheeses (there were only 3 and they were pretty standard) and no crackers or dried fruits to go with it.- not a lot of fruits (only bananas and a plate of pears and apricots). I'm used to seeing pre-cut fruits at buffets at this price. CONCLUSION:There are better buffets out there. For $50/person, I am comparing this to other ~$50 buffets and this one isn't worth it. Good presentation, but poor quality and taste considering the price.
3	If I could pick one word to describe this buffet, the best I can say is that it is "fun." The buffet quality is great, but not 41.00 great, I have a feeling this place is all hype. Overall, the quality is there, the atmosphere is really nice, and the service is perfect, if service at a buffet is really a concern.Food selection is unique, got to try things like marrow, roasted goat leg, and a custom Mac and cheese station, made a bacon and shrimp Mac and cheese...I'll say give it a try, your experience and thoughts might be better than mine, but I feel I won't be back.
5	Want some Mexican food for breakfast? How about some Chinese food? What about Italian food? How about all them! Then try out the Wicked Spoon!! Incredible delicious food and scrumptious yummy desserts, what else could you ask for?! We went during breakfast and got there just in time because it filled up quick. We had a server who brought us water and left the bottle on the table, which was pretty cool. She also filled the coffee fast and cleared plates quickly so we could get more plates on the table. Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot! We had eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, chicken & waffles, etc. The individual portions were awesome and the items that were are platters were always full. You never felt like you had to wait for anything. Now let me tell you about the desserts. Yes, desserts for breakfast. Cookies, pies, cakes, ice cream, gelato, fruit tarts, cheesecakes.. OMG! Make sure you leave room because you will definitely regret if you don't.
3	Meh.$47 for dinner buffet? I expected better.Pros:- Portioned food to help with food waste- Mac n' cheese bar!!!- Crab legs- Good range of different foods- Large selection of desserts, including gelatoCons:- Food for the most part tasted mediocre- Bone marrow was highly over rated- Presentation was sloppy for some dishes- Serving stations were not cleaned frequently enough / Plates dirty / Food was sparse- EXPEN$IVE- Ambiance was whateversI wasn't impressed. But hey, to each her own, right? At least I tried it.
3	iPad review*Dear ladles and gentlespoons,My last biz trip to Vegas was my first trip to Wicked Spoon.  It was a treat that lived up to its hype -- a beautifully appointed setting, with a wide array of culinary offerings that were presented artfully and executed deliciously.The scoop on this year's return to the Spoon however deserves some dishing of the wicked (or at least not the most flattering) kind. To echo a few other reviewers: what happened, Spoon? You've raised your prices but have had a very noticeable drop in food quality and quantity from last year. A few service stations were completely closed. Much of what was left was hardly in the higher-range quality that was the resto's hallmark of the last visit. And, of the few higher-end items that remained, most seemed to fall a notch in quality, like with the skinny crab legs or overlooked shrimp. (I know ... not exactly third-world problems)Beyond this ... this trip's buffet offerings vs. last year's seemed to show a mere shadow of, what could best be described as, a loving attention to detail in presentation.  When my server came at meal's end to ask how my dinner was, I was earnest and said that the food offerings seemed better last year. They said they hear that a lot. Maybe lunch or brunch is a better value?Last year the rating danced between five and four stars; now it's between two and three. It's still a beautiful setting for a buffet, and the service is friendly and earnest, so rounding up to three stars. But I won't be making a third visit unless this Spoon gets a handle on its current tarnish. For over $50 before tip, don't we deserve a little more polish in our cosmopolitan buffeting?*  i.e., two-finger reviewing is better than none.
4	This restaurant is a bit of a paradox serving higher end food as a buffet!Avoid too many starches so you don't get too full too fast.An important note is to try not to judge the food too much by the time you hit your third helping & definitely save room for dessert, the specialty gelato was excellent!
2	Oh man, what happened to you, Wicked Spoon? It's just not what I remember. The variety is there, but the taste is not. Almost every dish was bland! Crab legs, Asian dishes, American dishes, pastries, ice cream... Everything was just ok. Shrimp & grits was probably the best dish there. Bone marrow was gelatinous, tasteless, and probably the worst I've ever had in any restaurant. For the price, I was very disappointed this time around!
4	Since the only other Vegas buffet I've been to was the Wynn, the bar was very high for me on this one. The reviews seem to indicate that Wicked Spoon has gone downhill in the past few years, so all I have to say about that is I wish I were here when it was "great" because it's certainly pretty darn good now. They have a huge variety of offerings (which I would expect at a Vegas buffet), but more than that, everything was fresh and very well prepared (with maybe the exception of the sushi which was good but didn't seem super fresh). There were several chef stations where you can have something cut or whipped up for you fresh which was a nice compliment to the variety already provided. The busser/server for our table was quick, and kept the mimosas flowing even before I asked. I would definitely recommend the Wicked Spoon for anybody looking for a good buffet on the South end of the Strip.
4	This is the best buffet place in Vegas. I gave 4 star because it is pricey. It cost me $40 during Labor Day weekend. You can taste a restaurant quality, but with buffet style. I tried Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, Rio, Aria, Planet Hollywood, Mirage. So far, I like Wicked Spoon the most.
4	I used to live in Vegas so I pretty much have eaten at every buffet and restaurant. I have to say, Wicked Spoon, is my favorite buffet! Hands down. I love that they have small dishes so that people don't just scoop up food, which often times ends up in waste. These small dishes are so cute and look like a work of art.  I speaking specifically about the salad bar section and the dessert section. My favorites: Beet salad Fig salad Caprese salad Chocolate covered strawberries Paella Pork belly Macaroons Salted caramel gelatoWicked juice These are all memorable. I even tried to make some of the salads when I came home. The nice thing about Wicked Spoon is they actually list the ingredients of what's in the salads. When I came home, I was able to try to replicate some of the goodness in my own kitchen. Definitely worth $25/person! This is coming from someone who is NOT a fan of buffets. My Dad used to tell me, "You are NOT buffet worthy. You didn't eat $x amount worth of food. You ate all the vegetables and no meat. What a waste!" Hahahaha. This was worth $25. I definitely ate that much! At least it felt like it....
4	This review is for the Brunch buffet. Usually I go to dinner buffets, but a change of plans resulted in us coming here in the morning instead. Admission was $39 for a Monday brunch (for Labor Day weekend). There's a variety of food to choose from! There's your breakfast choices such as pancakes, eggs benedict, omelette station, fruits and salad bar, etc. As for the entrees, there's the angry mac 'n cheese, artisan sausage, prime rib, bone marrow, seafood pasta, polenta, etc. Some memorable dishes would have to be the seafood pasta.A plus about this place is how they come in serving sizes such as in either small plates or cute little cups. They come in the right size sample so that you can try a little bit of everything!Besides the entrees, there's a juice bar! There's mango juice as well as grapefruit banana juice (my favorite!) In addition, there's cheeses, salad, as well as smoked salmon (I highly recommend!)As for the desserts, there's two kinds of chocolate-dipped strawberries (with peanuts or with Oreos). In addition, there's your creme brulee, chocolate mousse desserts, pies and cakes, and (drum roll please)...ICE CREAM! I highly recommend the lemon and mango passion fruit sorbets! Absolutely sweet and refreshing!Overall, I would have to say that despite the steep price of $39, I was a satisfied customer. Moreover, I would definitely come here again for their dinner menu, which is bound to be much more tastier as well!
2	Selection was small versus bacchanal buffet and studio b buffet. Food did not justify the price during lunch. As a platinum card member you would expect service to be a little more above average. Service was horrible, they were not that busy and tables were left uncleaned the entire time we were there.
2	I was not impressed with this buffet. It is not much different than many others and they were low in food when we came to each section. Service was okay but the price of $50 a piece for this food is ridiculous. I would not recommend this buffet while in Vegas.
5	I was super pleased with my dinner at the Wicked Spoon. The food was amazing. They had incredible prime rib, where they cut it rare and grill it to make it exactly medium rare, medium, or well. The lamb at the carving station was also incredible. Note that they didn't have crown / rack of lamb, but they had an incredible lamb leg that was unreal. They had baked oysters but not raw ones. They had snow crab but not king crab. They had a great variety of food and I don't think you'd be disappointed. Nice salmon, and pretty much, you name it. I felt that the food was excellent, and that it was better than Bellagio buffet, which I had twice on the same trip. However, Bellagio had King Crab legs, Snow Crab, smoked salmon, etc and Bellagio is less expensive. But the subtle taste and selection of the Wicked Spoon made it tops for me. We did have an issue where there were no lemons near the crab legs. For some reason, the back of the restaurant must have cut up a ton of limes instead. They had a bowl of limes. I am told that in Spanish, the word may be similar. Anyway, the guy at that station was super sarcastic about not having lemons, so we mentioned it to a manager who was very professional. While we didn't believe that there was "a lemon shortage" according to the manager, he did promptly bring out some cut lemons and asked us to describe the person, which he was going to have a talk with. I felt that he handled the situation pretty well. This was a great experience and I should have gone back for a second time. Bacchanal is similarly good, but Bacchanal had some techno music playing on a Saturday that seemed designed to get you out of the place. As FYI, the Buffet at Planet Hollywood was a huge disappointment. It was mostly fried food and not too much to rave about.
5	I've been to Wicked Spoon quite a number of times, and try to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas.  I've never been to another buffet with bone marrow, and honestly would not have tried it had it not been on their menu.  I'm a huge fan of the carving station and dessert bar. Just an overall awesome buffet.
4	I looooove this place! Especially the oysters.. Amazing. Plenty varieties.. Nyummm! They have a watermelon salad that also beyond of goodness..  The only thing minus star for me is their desserts. Surprisingly none of the dessert is my taste. It taste too sweet and cheap for me. (Uups, sorry!). But overall, it was a great experience. Our waitress (Megan) also very helpful.. :)
5	To be honest, all my friend had to tell me to convince me to eat here was that they have creamed corn, bone marrow, and gelato. We got the salted peanut caramel, pistachio, and strawberry balsamic gelato. Perfect. The selection is a bit smaller than bigger buffets like the Bellagio, but the dishes are really thoughtfully prepared. A lot of the fancier dishes are offered in cute single-serving rammicans, tiny pots, or even a mini fry basket (for the chicken wings). So many nice touches!
1	Rotting fruit, watery yogurt, congealed Tabasco Macaroni and Cheese that is supposed to be good, greasy but poorly seasoned meat. Definitely the worst place I have ever been.
4	Ever since I left Las Vegas, I cannot stop thinking about this buffet. I keep fantasizing about the unique dishes, flavors, and taste that I experienced here. If not for the food, come for the experience. My family have been hardcore buffet eaters and this gave us a different dining experience never to be forgotten. If you want something unconventional and tasty, this is place! The salad and soup section was my favorite because they played with combinations of vegetables and fruits that I haven't seen or tasted before. Their watermelon salad is a must. I am also a big fan of the fig salad. The mushroom soup was mind-blowing. I've had better meats elsewhere although it was still very good. I've ate bone marrow before and this could've done with more flavors. The seafood and pasta sections aren't extensive but good. Their Asian flavors are not authentic but they do try with the presentation. Being diabetic, I was pleased to see some sugar-free options at the dessert section. The must eat (and more of it if you can) was their sugar-free chocolate ice cream! Oh my god, it was the best chocolate ice cream I've ever eaten, sugar-free or not. Dark and rich...so amazing. When is the next flight to Vegas?
5	My favorite buffet so far in the US. I can ate 20 plates : bone marrows, 5 plates of desserts, italian stuff, everything!
5	This restaurant is wonderful value for money with truly great meals and desserts.We had a lunch here and I later ate breakfast here. It literally has the best bacon on planet earth.
4	One of the better buffets in Vegas!  Almost $50 for dinner, but with very carefully prepared foods - very pleasing to the eyes, nose, and tongue.Get the gelato (various flavors) and smoked salmon slices!Minus one star: I was so disgusted with the spilled beer on the register counter and on the ground.  I rested my elbow on one end, and the smell of beer lingered throughout the dinner.  Blegh!
3	Wicked spoon, yes. It's a pretty cool fusion-y buffet with a HUGE selection. Hmmm what can I say..It's honestly not mediocre. They have some FANCY stuff like shrimp ceviche, crab, etc. But if you're tryna OD on some fresh oyster, shrimp, SEAFOOD...not really the place. All the food doesn't seem like it's worth $50. I probably ate until I almost passed out, but I filled myself with maybe $20 worth of food. They got macarons though! My friends and I TOGO-ed hella haha...to use up the $30 I wasn't able to accomplish with all the chinese food and italian food, which isn't really worth that much money. I think the buffet at Caesar's palace is way better.They change up their menus and sometimes they don't have certain stuff so BE SURE TO CHECK.The second time I went, I REALLY didn't get my moneys worth. They kept running out of EVERYTHING. They had NO MACARONS, so goodbye $30! They seriously had nothing but King Crab legs, which became tiring after a while to crack open...I just don't think WICKED SPOON is worth the money. Its super fancy schmancy and pretty. High quality? yes. But they don't have the BIG stuff like OYSTERS, SHRIMP..etc. They had salmon, but it was danky and AITE... Dessert selection is AMAZINGGGGGG and super well presented in their decor, but taste wise it was aye-okayy. Good for the whole experience since it is in cosmopolitan hotel and it's super nice. Saw Matt Barnes DOEEE which was pretty cool ;D
4	Best buffet I have attended in Vegas. Pricey but worth it if you are willing to stuff your face with everything they have. Some of the highlights include: mac n cheese bar, crab legs, bacon wrapped zucchini, ribs, sushi, peanut butter cupcakes, and a gelato station.
5	If there was any buffet that surpasses everything a buffet should be, it is Wicked Spoon. With a set price that you paid before you go in, you get escorted in a wonderful bacchanal paradise. The food selection is enormous. The quality is impeccable. The presentation is elegant.What stands out in the Wicked Spoon is their little tiny pots, pans, and steamers that they put their single serving portions in. That and they seem to really put effort in every one of their dish in terms of taste and presentation. The result? Food that satisfy the taste, the eyes, and the stomach. And with the environment looking like an upscale 5-star restaurant with the fun of a buffet, this is what makes the Wicked Spoon so innovating, so brilliant, so awesome.I ate until I couldn't eat anymore, and then I ate some more. And after that, I finished with a chocolate-covered strawberry. Divine.
5	This is one of the best buffets in vegas! There was a huge selection of delicious food and desserts. The decor and presentation of desserts were a plus too! Definitely worth the price even though it's expensive
4	This is a pretty solid buffet. Not the best I've had in Vegas but pretty good. They didn't have lobster.I liked the balance of food here. They had a little bit of everything and not too much of any one thing. The deserts left something to be desired but the main foods were all good. I had multiple servings of the oysters and the thick bacon!! OMG, the thick bacon!!! AMAZING!! IF you did not have the bacon here, you failed.Check this buffet out, for sure.
3	Came here for brunch while staying at the hotel. Pretty disappointing experience relative to the hype of the buffet, how nice the Cosmo is and the price. The food, dessert and overall selection was really mediocre. And I'm pretty sure you can't call yourself a real Vegas buffet without serving shrimp or crab legs (caveat - these were only missing from the brunch lineup but I was told are usually included with dinner).It's not that bad but there are much better options in Vegas.
5	OMG THE DESSERTS...I CAN'T HANDLE. They have all these different unique ice cream flavors, most of them SO GOOD. and then all these different cakes, mousse, cookies, etcetcetc!!!well then theres the food which is also great! don't really remember but they were really unique and i basically tried EVERYTHING and there wasnt anything i disliked.totally worth the $50 for dinner, me and my friends stayed for about 2-3 hours...WORTH IT
5	Try everything here. They are all so amazing. I'm way past full and am still eating. .. hahaha.
4	My first Vegas buffet, and certainly glad I ate here for brunch. I loved the selections, not to mention the extent of available desserts. I can't even enumerate the things I ate here, but overall I would say that the angry mac n' cheese, the wicked fried chicken, and the homemade sausage stood out. Some of the asian dishes were on the salty side. But overall great service and selection for the price. Don't know how it compares to the other Vegas buffets yet.
2	Not good -ordinary -boring, long wait for no reason. I do not understand the good reviews. My omelette was good, no potatoes to be found, the chicken sausage was cold! The only seafood was smoked salmon. How is this  worth anywhere close to $25.00! A complete waste of money. Only good thing to say was MaryAnne my server was good.
2	The ambiance, service and variety was good. But i don't think it's worth the price we paid. Yes they have variety and food is portioned controled  so there is not so much food waste but nothing special. Food was mediocre. The line for the omelette was so long we never were able to get one. Bacon was out the three times we went to get some. they have different stations for different areas. i have had better buffets in vegas.
4	Came here for breakfast 3 mornings in a row. I couldn't help the gluttony in me! The DEVIL made me do it!!! Everything looks so beautiful, and tastes beautifully too!Here's a list of what you can findEggsBacon,SausagePotatoesFresh fruitSaladsMarinated olivesCheesesFRIED CHICKENDeli meatBagelsWicked juicePizzaMac and cheeseBuscuits and gravyChinese selectionAND OH MYLANTA THE DESSERTS!!!! CheesecakesMacaroonsCobblersGelatosCarrot cakeRice crispy treatsAnd more...... Oh mamacita It would be a shame if you didn't try it. On my next visit ill try dinner. Maybe you should join me :)
5	I had spotted a picture of their buffet on Instagram and with a trip to Vegas coming up, I knew I had to make it a point to hit this place up. Although my group of girlfriends and I were severely hungover, we, by some grace of God, made our way to Wicked Spoon's brunch buffet. we ate so much food, it's just too much to list. Some of the foods that stood out were the mac and cheese, chow mein noodles, fried chicken wings, bone marrow, and korean bbq ribs. With any buffet, there are always a couple of mediocre choices, but overall, everything was delicious. Let us not forget the amazing plethora of dessert choices. The girls and myself decided to get one of each so that we could all take a bite of each dessert they had. It was all exceptional. Especially the carrot cake, Thai tea ice cream, and chocolate pudding. For the set price of $45 (this also included bottomless mimosas), I was not disappointed.
2	I've been to several buffets in Vegas, but I think it is safe for me to say that Wicked Spoon was my least favorite. I even tried this place twice! Both times was pretty A-OK for me. The food isn't bad, but it could have been better. I wasn't able to fully satisfy my intense pig-out sesh, because personally, I didn't see that many foods that I wanted to reach for. They had all the basics like meats, pasta, dessert, etc but other buffets had a lot of seafoods such as shrimp and crab legs. I don't think I'll come here again... Both experiences were not worth the money personally for myself.
5	Amazing buffet especially for vegetarians.
4	Still my favorite place to go in Vegas for a great meal!
1	I just signed up to write this review. There were 9 plates on our table and just three of us. Waiter just looked at the table and walked passed us.... R u serious????  hope i can post a pic. with this posting but not sure....  This was a truly a bad experience... Well i gotta thk this place for letting me make an effort to sign up on yelp... Food was salty service was bad.... One star for my first official review...
5	So yummy! Best Vegas buffet so far (it was fairly new when we first tried it).
5	In 2011 I remembered this as the best buffet I had. Two years later, I still think this place is amazing. I had the Paris buffet yesterday, and that doesn't hold a candle to Wicked Spoon. There are some amazing, inventive, and original dishes. Along with some delicious standards. The BEST fried chicken you'll ever have. Period. You will not go wrong with this place. There's a reason there's a line outside...
1	Just terrible. From the dishes to the service. If you want to waste your money go here. I have frequented many Las Vegas buffets. This buffets hype is worth 2$ at best. The dishes were about as tasteful as Walmart microwaved delights and the zero service except when I had to holler at a bus boy was pitiful. I could go into detail but this place was not worth the effort. Sad excuse for Vegas Buffett.
5	Service is getting this place 5 stars!Crystal, our waitress, was amazing!!!!!!The food is ALL fresh, the selection is great ( but doesn't really vary by day) and the line moves fast. What more can you ask for?
3	hmm I know alot of people rave about this place but does not hold a candle to Caesar's buffet. They have a wide selection based on small servings however I found that the dishes were mediocre. It reminds me of when you go out on Valentine's Day and everything tastes pre-made. I know kinda expect it from a buffet right but you don't get that over at Caesars. Also the dessert offerings here is pretty small. Overall IMO this was just ok nothing special.
4	Best buffet I've been to for dinner.  The food was actually high quality, fresh, tasty, and unique.  What a change! The crab legs were the best I had out of a few different places while we were there and the gnocchi was incredible. They serve a lot of small bites that are done well.  Not to mention the fabulous gelato bar.  The Cosmo was our favorite hotel on the Strip- excellent customer service and good ventilation so the smoke isn't as noticeable.
4	Great food, and a lot.  Food was fresh, and variety  was overwhelming.You pay $25 during the week, and $30 on the weekends for lunch, but I think it was worth it.
2	I used to love this place, mainly because it was unique and there was no other buffet like it. After I had it once, I wasn't too fond of it the next time. Staff serving the buffet were RUDE! Prime rib was a hit or a miss - My friend got the fresh prime rib when it came out of the oven, so he scored with great pieces. When the rest of us went afterwards, we got the tail ends and they were hard and tough. They were able to steam the crab legs for you, but they had an attitude every time I asked. The person at the dessert station was the worst! He served us ice cream fine, and when I went over to the molten chocolate cakes, I asked if I would be able to get mine without the sauce, and he rudely said "NO." My friends and I thought he was joking, but I guess not. No need to have such an attitude. The waitresses on the floor were a bit slow cleaning the plates, and they didn't refill our drinks until we waved them down. I was going to come back here for another Vegas trip I had planned next year, but no thank you - I'm going to my NEW FAVORITE buffet - Bachannal - for $10 more I get better service, food, and it won't be a hit/miss place. There's no wonder there's no line for this place on a weekend.
5	Impressive presentation.  Perfect tasting portions.  Everything from the salads to the dessert bar is worth trying!  We went to Bacchanal yesterday and had to try Wicked Spoon to compare.  The service at Wicked Spoon was better - more attentive and quicker to refill drinks and clear plates.  Bacchanal has more of a selection.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere and didn't feel rushed.  My husband's favorite item was the bone marrow, I loved the carnitas.  The almond joy gelato was our favorite dessert.  Go to the Wicked Spoon!  You won't be disappointed.
4	wicked spoon!good service with a friendly staff. great selection. presentation and plating is on point. not the typical vegas buffet. try the bone marrow and korean bbq. amazing dessert - try the white chocolate mousse with exotic filling!will come back again and try other things at the buffet! check out the picture i posted.
5	The Best Buffet I've ever been! I was there for some big conference, and had been eating junks for few days. I and my friend decided to go Wicked Spoon for dinner when we had finished early. I had a big sore in my mouth, so I had all kind of vegetable dishes to get a lot of vitamins, and they are all super tasty!! We loved there so much, we went there again 2 days later. And yes, my sore was gone right away.
5	Probably top 3 of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Huge carving station, very fresh sushi and great gnocchi. Quality and quantity are not sacrificed here.
5	Been to a litany of buffets in Vegas across the fanciness spectrum and this is by far the best.Selection variety is a foodie paradise (smoked pork belly at the carving station, trout mousse, polenta with pine nuts and blue cheese) and the presentation is very unique (almost like a testing menu). I will definitely return.
3	Had high hopes for this buffet. Only buffet I would consider going to is the one at Carsar's. Would honestly rather just do a menu restaurant.
1	Probably the worst buffet I've ever had.  Do not come here.  Overpriced.  Poor selection.
5	Hands down the best buffet on the strip. We have eaten her so many times that it's become a tradition to visit every time we are in town. The ambiance is great with contemporary decor. The waiters and waitresses give top notch customer service. Great food selection no matter what you're in the mood for. They also get bonus points in my book for presentation. I love how they portion their food into little mini skillets and fry baskets, perfect so you don't overcommit to a single dish. They are reasonably priced for the vast selection of foods and desserts compared to other buffets in Vegas. And the icing on the cake, you can add $10 on top of the cost for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Here is a breakdown of the cost and hours: Daily Brunch: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 2 p.m. ($26.00)Weekend Brunch: Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m. ($34.00)Daily Dinner: Monday - Thursday, 5 p.m. - 9 p.m. ($38.00)Weekend Dinner: Friday, 5 p.m. - 10 p.m.; Saturday, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.; Sunday, 3 p.m. - 9 p.m. ($41.00)
4	Had Sunday brunch here today and the high praise elsewhere on Yelp is justified. Food is excellent for the most part and very varied in terms of cuisine. All of the meat items I tried were especially good ( fabulous sirloin). Sushi was great as well. Service is polite , friendly & professional. Maybe the price is a bit high but at least the food &service is great. Borgata in AC is the benchmark IMHO and this is very close.
3	I was impressed at the variety of foods available on the buffet. The Sushi was delicious. The plating on the salads was beautiful. Service was great.The downside is the price- I thought it was expensive for a buffet.
5	Went here for the breakfast buffet and it was off the chain.  The restaurants at the Cosmo in general are so good, that I think I might just stay there next time.This is definitely the best buffet I have attending in Vegas thus far.  Also, Gelato for breakfast!
3	We arrived here for Brunch on a Saturday afternoon. There was no wait to pay for the buffet but we waited about 40 minutes to be seated. That was somewhat frustrating as you could see empty tables in the dining room.This place is hyped up by fellow Yelpers & foodies, but I don't know that it's the best buffet in Vegas. I would say it's on the same level as the Wynn and a step below Bacchanal.The food isn't bad, but it could have been better. I wasn't able to fully satisfy my intense pig-out session, because personally, I didn't see that many foods that I wanted to reach for. They had all the basics like meats, pasta, dessert, etc but nothing too exciting.
3	After hearing about the eclectic offering at the Wicked Spoon, I had to visit. The dinner buffet is very expensive -- $41 -- but it is totally worth it. They are famous for their bone marrow, which I appreciated but didn't care for.Compared to the Wynn, I found this place to have a more exotic selection and the Wicked Spoon was possibly larger, but I found the quality to be inconsistent. Some items were the best I've ever had of that specific item, such as the Korean BBQ ribs. However, many things, including their mac & cheese, didn't cut it for me.I'd come here if you're looking to try something new on the Vegas Strip, and for only that reason. I'd recommend The Buffet at the Wynn as my favorite buffet on the Strip.
4	I'm not a big fan of buffets but when your in vegas you need to at least go to ONE buffet! so we decided to try wicked spoon because several of my friends were raving about wicked spoon and how yummy it is. And boy am I glad we did! This might just be my "go to buffet" when I'm in vegas. Everything had so much flavor and for a buffet that's hard to achieve with so many items in their menu. They had several different types of food ranging from Mexican food, to Asian food to even a cheese bar! my favorite section was the desserts ESP the gelato ice cream specifically the Thai tea one! The only downside of this place was that it was a bit pricey. We went during dinner on a weekday and we paid $43 each person. The price does vary though depending on the time of day that your there! oh and be sure to try and come here before the dinner Rush cause the line can get pretty long!
3	I think this was my third time here last time was more enjoyable and the fee to get in was much less. This time a 50 dollar fee to get in during the holiday they say. and the food was just not as good. Not to say the food was not good. It was! it just was not as good as before. Also the service was much slower and our overall experience was not as good a previous times The fish and meat was more dry this time not as juicy as last time. Perhaps next time i will try the Wynn buffet if my parents takes us there.
4	The Food &The staff Is Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it ;-)
4	I think the Wicked Spoon buffet is one of the most elegant buffets in Vegas. The presentation is what makes it for me. The food is great, but the only thing that bothered me was that everything was barely warm... If the food was hot- I'd be a much happier camper. But I do have to say- the food at this buffet is as good as any fine dining experience.All in all- I would definitely say Wicked Spoon is one of the best buffets in LV.
4	The only reason I'm giving this place a 4 is because of the LOX they have with smoked salmon and our waitress Laureen. She was awesome and on top of things ! Her smile could light up a room and her personality compares to our president! Well done!
1	This place is loaded with sodium!!! I give them one star because of the amazing salad bar and muscles in white wine sauce. I only sampled a little of each dish and ended up drinking 3 glasses of water and about another gallon of water after the buffet. I went to this buffet because of the good rating on yelp but got very disappointed. #### SODIUM ALERT ####
3	I would rate this 3 1/2 stars. It's good, especially the ceviche and small plates, but we went late in the evening, around 8:15pm and they start clearing the food at 9:15pm so I don't think we got the cream of the crop or even all the dishes they offered for the night. And it was $44 a person. The sushi was so-so, think they might have had more selection earlier in the evening. Desserts were plentiful, with gelato and ice cream, pastries and mousses, and chocolate covered strawberries. Maybe for a cheaper price and more selection, it would be more impressive.
3	I was told by a friend to give the Wicked Spoon Buffet - at the Cosmopolitan Hotel a try, so when I was in Las Vegas this past week, I decided to take my cousin, & dad to try this place...........I must say, the modern decor of this place was quite beautiful.........but as for the food I consumed, I'd give it a  solid "3.5". For me, some of the items I ate was either a - "hit" or "miss"......... A lot of the items they serve here are in a "small bite size portion", perfect for the eater to just try a little of this & that.......... What is bad about serving a "small individual portion" for a buffet is that sometimes the item can go cold, therefore when you eat it, it may not be of the right temperature to consume, loosing the benefit of how it was actually meant to be served.The buffet was HUGE! Lots of different dishes............I probably didn't even get to try 2/3 of the buffet, as I was pretty full after eating two plates of food, then having a little salad on the side & deserts.A few items that I ate, which were a "hit" for me, and stood out  -1. Prime Rib - Not bad.............it was done right, but the meat was not of the best grade. I've had prime rib in Wisconsin where the meat was so soft, I could cut it with a fork.2. Kalbi Ribs - The Marinade was out of this world! Only bad thing was the meat was a bit tough & chewy.3. Bone Marrow - Not much to eat, but I don't know of any place that serves bone marrow. Something very unique.4. Mussels & Oysters  - This was done right.........ate a lot of it too!5. Fried Chicken drumstick - Served in a small individual basket..........chicken was done perfectly, as it was crispy and flavorful.6. Waldorf Salad - An all time 1st for me...........never had it, but I liked it. Probably cuz it had grapes in the salad, and I like grapes.7. Cheesecake & Chocolate covered Strawberry - All deserts were served "bite size" portions. The cheesecake was outstanding! I really loved the texture of the cheesecake. As for the chocolate covered Strawberry..........I just love strawberries, and when you dip it in chocolate...........how can you go wrong???The service was outstanding! Our waiter was very friendly, & he was quick to remove our dirty plates after we had finished eating. Lots of free parking at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The place gets pretty packed during the prime times, so go early if you don't want to wait. $38.00 per person during the weekdays for dinner. $41.00 for dinner on the weekends. Check 'em out!
4	4 solids stars!My review may be bias as this was our first meal of the day at 5pm....to say the least, we were starving from a day of playing in the pool for 5+ hours. Highlights: 1) Mac and Cheese station! Such a cool concept!!! You don't see many of these around. I generally don't like Mac and Cheese, but this station was delicious! The chef behind the counter was hilarious. I said "Wow! This station is so popular!!" His response was," The last time I was popular was in high school." Friendly guy! 2) Desserts: DELICIOUS!!! The macaroons were so good!! I could probably just stand there and indulge at this station and get my money's worth..hahah (Not a good idea for my health though...)3) Cute presentations on some of the dishesLowlights:1) Salad station was disappointing--no WOW factor2) Meat station did not have a lot of variety. I am not a big meat eater, but there wasn't much to choose fromOverall, not TOO shabby. Would drop by again if I am in the area!
4	Damn... this place is IMPRESSIVE. Upon walking in, I was completely taken aback by the busyness of it all. People everywhere. Food everywhere. We sat down at a table and were given a few bottles of water and our first round of drinks. I really wish they would've kept the water coming... It had been a rough night for all of us and we needed some hydration. The service was pretty slow, however, the food made up for it. I went and started browsing around and scouring my options. My first plate (ya so what I had two plates plus dessert) was some salami, cheese, pizza, Asian style noodles, yogurt parfait, and some pineapple. You can probably tell by the variety of my food selections that I was completely overwhelmed and just threw everything on my plate that I could fit. My first plate of the aforementioned items was delicious. There was not even one item that I did not thoroughly enjoy. The fruit was fresh, the salami was salty, and the noodles and pizza were hot. For my second plate, I decided that since the Asian noodles were so absurdly good that I would load up on that, some more pizza slices, rice, and some Korean beef. Again, everything was delicious. Absolutely no complaints. I obviously had to finish up with dessert, since, let's be honest, who would turn down that dessert selection even if you are about to bust the button off of your pants? I had some cheesecake, carmel candy bar gelato, a dum dum, and a creme puff. Talk about the cherry on top of a perfect meal. I do caution you; I was quite sleepy after leaving the Wicked Spoon buffet, which resulted in a four hour nap that afternoon. Could have been the night before kicking in, but i'm gonna say it was the buffet and the grotesque amount of food that I consumed.
4	Wicked Spoon is a pretty good Vegas buffet to visit. The brunch is really solid and features many good items. They have this amazing watermelon juice which is delicious, and they have bone marrow which is very different than anything any other buffet has, it was very tasty. We went for a late brunch so we were able to eat dinner as well! The prime rib and lobster were fantastic. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because in order to add champagne and mimosas it was an extra $10 per person which can get pricey.
4	Disappointed on their selection of breads to compliment your meal and no soups! But great flavors, loved the small individual servings!
5	My favorite buffet is Vegas. The food was amazing and the mac and cheese station was really kool. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and was asking everyone where they were from. My family and I r definitely coming here every year. Can't wait to come back to this amazing buffet.
4	I can eat, but Wicked Spoon defeated me!  There were so many things that I wanted to eat but did not have the room in my stomach for.  I filled up 3 full plates and barely had a little taste of everything that I wanted to try! The quality of the food for a buffet was very good, but I noticed that everything was a little extra salty. The selection was overwhelming (in a good way)  After being so totally full, took a deep breath and had a plate of dessert (because we all know that there is a different area in the stomach for dessert!)  The blueberry crumble was absolutely delicious!  For a buffet, this is probably one of the best that I have been to.
3	As the saying goes you get what you pay for. After hearing all these good things about wicked spoon I was slightly (very) disappointed. For reference my favorite buffet is the one at Caesars. So from the beginning here we go...Came with a group of 9 and after paying we had to wait for about 45mins for them to get a table for us. This is around 100, the latter portion of the brunch period (it's a Saturday). You would've thought that they were clearing out and putting tables together and making room for us. Turns out there were plenty of tables open and it was just your standard round table to fit us all. Slightly confused about the wait but whatever i'm hungry! They have a wide selection of drinks to choose from ($10 more gives u endless mimosas/Bloody Mary)Food wise it's a lot smaller than I expected a Vegas buffet to be like. Selection is pretty small for actual food. Their selection of sweets was amazing. Huge dessert section and section for fruits/breads was pretty formidable as well. Side note: they had like this fruit shake with like strawberries and some other stuff.  Wooooo it was glorious. Back to the food though large selection of meats including sausages, prime rib, bone marrow and more! everything here was pretty good but I've never tried bone marrow before so I have nothing to reference to... But I don't see what's the big deal about em... Maybe just me. The mac and cheeses are  DELICIOUS 10/10 would eat it again.  The Asian section consisted of Asian styled meats and sushi. The only one they did right here was the pork belly. Had a good ratio of fat and meat but everythig else was pretty much garbage. Marinated Korean short ribs were super salty. The sushi was just embarrassing  Was so surprised that they even had the courage to put it out. Even the whitest guy could've seen that it was bad sushi. By this time it had transitioned into dinner and you can tell the quality of food got a little better. The crabs are served cold here and are pre-sawed which causes it to have all these little shavings in the crabmeat (yuck). TL;DR: don't come here for brunch and avoid the Asian area. The place is affordable and the food is good if you're hungry.
5	I'm not a big Buffet guy as it's always too much for me to eat to the point of getting sick, but every now and then I get the urge to go.  I've never experienced a Buffet like this and I've been to some of the more renown high-end buffets.  EVERYTHING was gourmet.  I almost recommend not eating the entire day before going because it's so overwhelming how much good food there is.  Highlights:Wild Boar Sloppy Joe SlidersBeef Tongue Sheppard's Pie (my favorite)GnochhiWaldorf SaladEvery single dessertFried ChickenMashed PotatoesI'd even recommend working out hard before going to build up your appetite and prepare to calorie-load haha.
5	This was by far the best buffet my husband and I have ever been too. Every dish I tried was delicious. We received a two for one deal by becoming an Identity Member. So it made it affordable. Love the fig, bacon, balsamic salad  and the extensive dessert bar. We went for brunch and enjoyed a large variety of high end breakfast and lunch dishes. Definitely worth hitting up while you're in Vegas.
1	friday night review, $41 per person, No rice porridge, no sticky rice in  banana leaf,no pho station like at baccanal buffet.  Italian station was a joke: meatball , gnocchi.  Seafood was clams, shrimp cocktail,  Two sushi roll, two sushi options.  3soups total.  Ok desert.  Asian food included steam rice fried rice, fried noodles stir fry Korean ribs .   Limited meat selection.  Sad meat station, two Mexican dish.  No onion ring.  Best thing there was the squid octopus salad.  Compared to Cesar palace buffet, it doesn't compare!!!!! I regret coming here.  Glorified hometown or old country buffet.For reference I've been to buffets at cesar, planet hoolywood.wyn.belagio.paris.  I don't know how anyone thinks this is the best.  6:30 pm and no line to get into wicked spoon should have been a prediction of bad food outcome.  For the few people I saw on my way out, I wanted to tell them to run the other way.  And even Paris buffet had a line on the same night!!  This I know bc we passed by it!
3	I guess when you grow up in Vegas it's hard to be impressed with buffets. I've never been really into going to the strip for the buffets, but my friend was visiting and thought I might as well try it because I've heard good things from people. I thought the buffet was okay. The interesting thing about those place is that they plate some of the food, but that just makes it harder to carry. I felt like I was going to drop my plate cause it was being carried with a bunch of other plates.I really liked the macaroni and cheese and polenta though! They're also a buffet that has a better selection of dessert.It was an interesting first experience but I probably wouldn't bother spending another $28.
4	Boyfriend feasted on shrimps while the girlfriend feasted on everything breakfast related. "Other" buffets on the strip has more selections. But we weren't dissatisfied regardless. Desserts, Asian, Crabs, salad bar, etc. Waited no more than 5min for a table. Waiter was prompt and very attentive. All of them were really which was good cause it seemed pretty busy. Cost more than your average buffet but with good reason. The food is good.
3	Meh. Just "alright" in my book. It was overpriced for the selection of food. I expected more. The crab was overcooked so most of it stayed in the shell. I gave up fighting with it. The Korean short ribs were tough. The skin on the suckling pig was not edible. I was sad. Very sad. The desserts were better than the entrees and salads. Hence the 3 stars.
5	No complaints whatsoever. It's beautiful, wait wasn't long, and the food is to die for. I've been coming to Vegas at least yearly for most of my life and this is my favorite buffet. Absolutely worth the price.
4	Definitely enjoyed the brunch buffet!  Quick seating and great decor.The food was great!  A few highlights:Salad bar?  Maybe a bit small, but still a good varietyPasta section - Try the Mac and Cheese?  Yummy!  The "Wicked Pizza"  was good too!Meats were a bit limited, but what was there was great! The fresh-carved bacon was amazing!  The bone marrow was interesting, but it was my first time, so I'm not an expert.Breakfast foods were yummy!  The Eggs Benedict and the Hash were definite highlights.The dessert section was heavenly!  Yummy gelato, and the mango-tart-thingy was divine!  My MIL loved the Macaroons, but I was too stuffed to try it.Would definitely visit again!  (On a side note, if you're at The Cosmopolitan, seek out the "hidden" pizzeria on the 2nd floor.  Pretty great spot for a quick, cheap lunch.)
2	I'm not sure if my bf and i just came at the wrong time or if we got over excited about trying this place, but we were REALLY disappointed. We came for brunch and we were disappointed with the selections. Such a lack of variety.Then we figured maybe the yelp hype was over the desserts. So when picking out desserts, I was looking forward to the macarons that everyone took pictures of, just to find out it's only served for dinner. But the desserts were pretty good. Overall, this place wasn't as great as yelpers made it seem. There are so many other better buffets. I would recommend Studio B at M resort. It's off the strip but much more variety and free wine and beer.
5	Still the best bufet on the Las Vegas Strip.  The quality is higher here.  I especially like the made to order mac n cheese.  The desserts are world class and the atmosphere is classy.  I love the osso bucco and the sushi!
4	Great buffet, stylish samplings, something for everyone.I love the chic serving sizes of this buffet... Mini baskets with fried chicken, mini eggs Benedict , tiny scoops of gelato... It's perfect. I dined here for a birthday brunch and took 3 trips to the food stations but didn't feel overstuffed... You can literally try dozens of gourmet treats without feeling guilty. The rice pudding, kale salad, beets, sausage selection is great. There is something for everyone ... The seafood lover, the vegetarian, the home style food lover.Service is also good... Just ask for coffee or mimosas and they magically appear!
2	Overrated.  My wife and I love buffets and have been to most of the buffets in Vegas.   We both agreed this buffet was slightly disappointing.   Positives:  the decor was very nice and the wait staff was very friendly and timely, no line and was seated immediately(Thursday night), the shrimp ceviche, prime rib, baked salmon, and several of the pasta dishes were very good.   Negatives:  the snow crab legs were tiny, the "asian" bar was just pathetic, the 3 different sushi rolls were supermarket quality, the desert bar was disappointing, and just the overall offering was fairly weak.   The salad bar looked pretty good if you're into salads, but my wife and I don't pay $40+tax+tip to go to a buffet for salads.   This buffet should be about $27 instead of $40.  You can do much better for the money.
5	Food: 5/5Location: 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Service: 4/5Experience: 5/5The Verdict: 5/5I normally don't give 5/5 but this buffet does deserve this score.I visited The Wicked Spoon this past Oct 4th for their Lunch Buffet. How I've longed to eat at this place. Several of my friends had mentioned that this is the best buffet you can get in Las Vegas. I agree, partially! HahaIt's weird that I have some reservations in giving them a 5 rating when I did have some one off's.Food:The selection like most buffets is indeed vast. There were several sections: The Salad Bar, The Omelet station, The Asian Section, Americana and the dessert bar.At the salad bar, they have your everyday greens with some specialty items. They did have the not so normal, Kale salad and a cheese section. Also, at this station is some cold meats and smoked salmon, which is an upside in comparison to others. Also, they have a juice station, which included; watermelon drink, strawberry banana juice etc. The American section had the usual carving station that had sausages, beef, ham, chicken and the norm. The highlight of this section, which is the most popular item perhaps, is the Bone Marrows. A mountain of gelatinous fat on roasted bones, what is not to like. I just found this to be okay, but I know that others may find it more exciting than how I actually found it to be. The Asian section came with the usual, Sushi, noodles, fried rice, broccoli beef. The highlight in this section is probably the Korean Short Rib BBQ. I know for a fact that a pound of uncook ribs goes easily for $10 a pound, when at the wicked spoon comes in heaps. The Ribs was exactly how it supposed to be, tangy, sweet and delicious.The dessert bar is big. A  variety of dessert. A definite standout is the chilled white chocolate cake that is filled with passion fruit crema - Excellent!!The lunch deal which was around $26 plus tax is definitely a great deal. Although from what I heard, the price doubles during dinner because at that time seafood is available.I recommend this and agree that this just might be the best buffet. Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which in my opinion is the best hotel at the strip at this moment.Verdict - Strongly Recommended
5	OH MY GOODNESS - do not pass this place up!  It is important to note that I HATE buffets and typically refuse to go to a buffet dinner, however I gave in and am so glad I did.  In fact, we came here twice during our three night stay - once for dinner and once for breakfast because it was too delicious to try somewhere else.  The individual portions they give you are too cute and just right in size so that you can try a little of everything.  From the candy and gelato at the dessert station to the mac and cheese bar and array of salads, this was a food lovers paradise.  This place is also a steal if you want to drink as they have bottles of wine on the table that only cost $20!  Yep, for the whole bottle.  For breakfast, they serve unusual recipes such as Blue Moon beer pancakes and "angry" mac and cheese (which is spicy).  You can't go wrong with a choice because each choice is better than the last!  I am looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so that I can dine at the Wicked Spoon.
2	I came here for dinner with Keri W. and Gardenia H. last year since we had heard really good things about this buffet. Located at The Cosmopolitan, this buffet took a lot of walking to find. And the line to get inside was ridiculous! But we persevered and waited for what seemed like forever before we were finally seated. I wanted to get to every single station and I almost did.For my first plate, I tried:-- Tomato and Cucumber Salad: Light and refreshing.-- Bruschetta: I love bruschetta but was not a fan of the one here.-- Deli Meat and Crackers: Your typical meats with crackers; good but nothing special.-- Shrimp Cocktail: Just okay. The shrimp didn't taste very fresh.-- Shrimp Ceviche: Same here.-- Tomato Gazpacho: This was also just okay.I also got bread with garlic butter; I love my carbs!For my second plate, I tried:-- BBQ Shrimp and Grits: These were actually pretty good. The grits not so much, but I do love shrimp.-- Fish and Chips: I could be biased since I don't like fish to begin with, but I didn't like the fish here. The chips were also just mediocre.My third plate was also savoury food:-- Mashed Potatoes: Can't go wrong with this.-- Rotisserie Pork Shoulder: Not as tender as I wanted it to be.-- Chicken Pot Pie: Too watery for me.-- Angry Mac & Cheese: This was decent.-- Truffle Scalloped Potatoes: Not a lot of truffle flavour but I love my potatoes.-- Potato Plank "Cowboy Bacon": Okay.For my fourth plate, I got:-- Tomato Risotto: This was not very flavourful and I wished the risotto had been cooked more.-- Cheesy Bread: Exactly what the name is. Just okay.-- 5-Spice Pork Chop with Kimchi BBQ Sauce: I did not like this one at all. Don't do Korean food if you can't do it well :(-- Spicy Orange Chicken: I like the one at Panda Express better.-- Asiago Gnocchi: Forgettable. Literally. I don't remember even getting this.-- Vegetable Roll: Meh.-- Shrimp Tempura Roll: Just okay.-- Chilled Glazed Tofu: It was fine.Finally it was dessert time! I tried the following:-- Lemon Raspberry Cheesecake: I love cheesecake but I did not love this. Meh.-- Strawberry Shortcake: Meh.-- Red Velvet Cookie: I was so disappointed in this. I did not like it AT ALL and I usually love red velvet anything!-- Strawberry Cheesecake Bavarois: I really liked the meringue in this one. Probably my favourite dessert.-- Bread Pudding: Meh.-- Chocolate Covered Strawberry with Toffee: The strawberry wasn't as sweet naturally as I wished but this was good.-- Apple Streudel Tart: Decent but a little dry.-- Tiramisu: I didn't like this one :(-- Lemon Gelato: Light, refreshing, and a nice note to end the meal.As you can see, I tried A LOT of the food here. And I found most of it to be pretty mediocre. They did do some things well, but not as well as I had hoped. I will admit that I came in here with high expectations and I was probably a victim of those. Granted, it does seem like this place does brunch better than they do dinner. But overall I was disappointed in the quality of the food here, especially considering their reputation and the price of the meal.
5	Fabulous! Everything I had was good from the gnocchi, to the short ribs on polenta! Omelette was great, service was pleasant,  and a beautiful display and offering for a buffet.
3	We decided to try the buffet while staying at the cosmopolitan. Lack of carved meats, seafood, desserts and a variety of food stations. It was ok, but i would recommend the bachannal instead, its worth the xtra $10
3	Despite being one of the best buffets I have been to and especially in Vegas, there was not too many things for vegetarians although some would say what they have will suffice.  For the price?  Unless you want a lot of dessert, I suggest only go if your meat eating friends want a buffet.  They do have options for us veggie.  If you're a vegan, I would not suggest this place.  There is hardly anything for vegans outside of steam rice or salad.Here's the thing, if you ask your waiter to help you with vegetarian items, they will actually ask one of the chef to give you a private tour explaining all the food items you could eat.  Funny enough the chef pushed a few seafood items at me, so be aware of that.  I am guessing some of these chefs still think vegetarian means fish and other seafood as well.  Maybe if you go and you are a vegan, they can point things out for you too.  From my tour though, most of the stuff included dairy or eggs.Would I go back?  Yes.  Only if my friends really want to go.  Will I go back if it was my choice and my choice alone?  Nah.  I rather spend money at a place with more veggie options.The best thing: the macaroni and cheese bar!  I got all the veggie with extra jalapenos.  Too bad I cannot eat too much of that cause it was heavy cream and cheese based, but dang was it good!
5	This place is down right Awesome!A must try if you get to Las Vegas!The only bad thing I have to say about Wicked Spoon is that I did not take the time time to try it earlier - what was I thinking  - The food was was  excellent Service was amazing Never thought a buffet could match the service and food quality  of a upscale restaurant - Wicked Spoon has surpassed that expectation We will be back again and again
4	Having been to Las Vegas over 30 times the lure of buffets has faded for me years ago. My date (wife of 33 years) has only been to Vegas 5 or 6 times so the idea of paying $26 and eating yourself to oblivion for breakfast is still a thrill. The Wicked Spoon is a good compromise in that they portion control what they serve and the selection and quality are not the usual Vegas buffet slop. Unusual items such as home made Italian Sausage and Watermelon cup with Marscapone cheese and Balsamic vinegar. Worth the price and overeating is purely voluntary.
5	Geez. Wicked Spoon is a hit or miss for me.  My last visit was so awesome that I ate lunch/brunch there two times on consecutive days.  (I had players club credits so both times were free)Wicked Spoon is awesome cause they change things up.  I think they try to remain competitive with Caesars New Buffet. If Prime Rib is the only thing to eat at a Vegas Buffet, then it usually isn't a good buffet.  Lets just say I did not eat red meat at this Buffet cause there was many other things to eat.
4	Great buffet!This was my first Vegas Buffet...the bad part is it ruined the others!Excellent selections and very clean.  The service was not "perfect" but no real issues...maybe most notable is the lack of speed in service.I tried the brunch two mornings in a row, they changed the offerings up, which was perfect.Everything I tried was fresh and cooked well.I can not imagine a better selection.
5	I didn't eat the entire day in order to prepare myself for Wicked Spoon.  It was worth the wait.  Everything from the ambiance, the service, the quality of food, the dessert bar, and most specifically the presentation of the food was exquisite.  It was very much worth the hype.  Compared to Wynn-  There are more salad and dessert selections in Wicked Spoon. Whereas the Wynn has more warm plate selections.  There are also bigger portions in Wicked Spoon since most of their dishes are presented in individual miniature pots, take out boxes, and square bowls.  As far as the food.  Things that stood out last night that I recommend trying if it so happens to be in the menu the night you attend:-Korean BBQ ribs: it was one of the best Korean bbq's I had in a long time -Watermelon, goat cheese/cream cheese, aged balsamic, and chives: that was hands down my favorite.  It is served in a tiny bowl so that you can eat the entire thing with one bite.  It is a must try!  Everyone in my table was a fan and I believe a majority of us came back for 4 more.-Figs, blue cheese, and candied bacon-Mac and Cheese bar-Prime Rib-Cheesy Polenta ...and of course, the dessert bar.
4	Great food but crab was very cheap quality..at about $41 a person not that I have a problem with the price it just didn't  feel like you got what you paid for..the things that stood out though that everyone has to try isPrime rib (amazing)Shrimp and gritsWatermelon and marscapone saladFried chicken Bone marrowAnd definitely all the desserts! I probably won't come back until they drop the price but I doubt they will
4	Best buffet in vegas hands down, they do small portions in single serve containers versus troth style which is nice. While you can try as much as you want if you don't like something you at least didn't fill half your plate with it. If you did like go back for more.
3	Going to Vegas buffets is always a pleasure, can't think of any city I have been to that has better buffets. But comparatively, as I've gone to a majority of Vegas buffets, this was just average for me. I thought it was a rather small buffet and I was expecting a larger selection of  unique foods. But I found a lot of the same kinds of foods I commonly saw in Vegas buffets. But did end up stuffing myself - a bit too much for my own good I'd think.Servers, staff and cooks were great and friendly though, for the most part. And oddly enough, when I went on a Saturday night at 7, there was no line; but that could be due to the fact there were protests by employees (or ex-employees) outside for some reason.
4	Costly for sure, but when you're servicing up bone marrow I won't complain.  I enjoyed my time stuffing my face here, but I got full way to face due to the fact most of the meal are on the savory side. Extremely long wait...
4	I'm so glad my group and I chose Wicked Spoon for our first brunch buffet experience in Vegas. It was close to our hotel, offered bottomless brunch cocktails (for an extra $10 charge -- fair enough), super impressive selection, great quality of food and attentive service. I started at the salad station, which was packed with healthy and interesting options including kale, wild mushrooms, gigante beans, heirloom tomatoes & feta, watermelon & mascarpone, figs & gorgonzola... I could have filled several plates just from this station. Some other favorite dishes I tried were the Creamy Polenta with Pesto, Eggs Benedict, Pumpkin Spice Pancakes, French Toast and Peanut Butter Blondies. I spent way too much time at the dessert station, loading up on Petit Fours, pastries, tarts, cookies, candy and giant chocolate covered strawberries. I only wish I had saved room to sample from the massive gelato display.Wicked Spoon had a few weak points: They seemed to run out of dishes often that were then not refilled. They had no guacamole or avocado on the entire buffet. While they had tons of options for vegetarians, I was a little disappointed that so many of the items (even the salads) included some form of ham, bacon or pancetta. I was turned off by the look of the sushi, which was dubious at best. The Chocolate Molten Lava Cakes were cold, kinda defeating that whole "molten" thing. All in all, I left this buffet extremely fat and happy. The next time I am ready to subject my body to embarrassing levels of caloric intake in Vegas, I will waddle myself straight over to Wicked Spoon.
4	We went here for brunch and boy was I glad. Was it that I paid for the extra $10 unlimited mimosas? Perhaps. Was it the perfect sized plated dishes? Possibly. Was it the endless choices of delicious foods? Definitely!Some of the highlights (besides the unlimited mimosas) included this tiny amuse de bouche size of watermelon, balsamic glaze and creme fraiche - I had three of these! House cured bacon - yes, please! Try the tasty meatballs and wicked wings and of course, the Asian fare which included kalbi, shrimp congee. I think the other buffet did the Asian better. Oh they have about 20 types of delicious gelato and some great desserts. Our server was sweet and never had empty plates or glasses on our table for long.Some misses were the carving station guy who looked super bored and plopped the extra large helpings of ham, sausage onto my dish, the extra hard teeth-chipping egg Benedict. Their kalbi was a bit too sweet and way to chewy. Some of their foods were just plain cold which is a shame.I thought the food here was more nuanced and vegetable choices had more variety. it wasn't just salad bar of veggies. Sadly, I saw people getting bagels and oatmeal but they may not want to divulge on the food gastronomic decadence.
5	As good as it gets!  I love love love it...  Where to start?  Prime rib, superb!  Typically prime rib at a buffet is dull, boring and flavorless made with inferior meat but here it's delicious.  Conjures up house of prime rib style, full of flavor and oh so tender.  I really enjoyed the small servings for most of the items, makes you taste many of the different offerings.  Some other standouts for me were the polenta with pesto and blue cheese, also the scrumptious paella, knocked my socks off, I could taste the saffron for sure.  I loved the mini wedge salad too, so cute.  Other nice touches were the bottled water and prompt service.  But the best part of it all is the dessert area, OMGeeee!  Just outstanding so much variety and great quality.  I think the selection of gelato flavors deserves an award.  There is everything you can think of too, I enjoyed the peach cobbler with vanilla gelato and the carrot cake but the most  wonderful surprise were the peach marshmallows, holy heaven those were just devine!  Dinner on Saturday night will run you $40 but very much worth it.  I can't wait to return again, this is a must when visiting LV.
4	Just got back from Vega and I went to Wicked Spoon on a Sunday night, the food quality was fantastic but the variety was limiting. Overall I would still give it 4 stars just on the quality of the food as well as the quality of the service. I think we pad $41 per person but I got a buy one get one free coupon on my united airlines flight. I would recommend to anyone to go to this buffet if they get a chance.
4	After reading the reviews and hearing people talk about the Wicked Spoon I was excited to eat  there.  The experience was pretty fun over all.  And yes, the food is pretty good.  The way the food is set up does not make you feel like you are a one of those buffets where the food is just pilled up.  Everything is served in individually on plates or small bowls.The desert bar is amazing.  They have all kinds of sweets, chocolate covered strawberries,cookies, cakes, pies, and ice cream.Over all great place to have brunch.  It is a little pricey on weekends, but well worth it.
5	wow wow wow wow! I loved this buffet. I went to 3 buffets last weeks (bellagio, wynn and wicked spoon) and this one is my absolute favorite. We got excellent service for Champagne brunch (Thanks LISA!!!) . We never once had an empty glass. awesome. Now for the important - the food. wow again! Soo many great options, very cool single serving portions. Interesting asian and italian recipes. bone marrow! truffled mac n cheese, berries, smoothies, so many salad choices, and of course an awesome omelets bar. and the crazier part.....dessert!!!!! wow wow wow and wow. so many options of cakes, cookies, pastries, ice creams. I was in heaven and I mixed and matched a ton. oh yeah and chocolate covered strawberries. Best brunch ever! I cannot wait to come back, i may even give dinner a try here.
2	Short review: Great presentation, with mediocre food. Save the money and go to the buffet at Caesar's. The whole story: I was super excited to check with place out based on all the yelp reviews. Not sure whether they just had an off night, but all the food seemed like it has been sitting there for a while (congealed, dried out).My hubby and I got here around 7pm on a Friday and there was not a single person in line. We paid and were promptly seated, our server came over and took our drink order. And now to the food/drink reviewThe good:-shrimp ceviche 4/5-Prime rib 5/5; very very good -Cosmopolitan 5/5; the person who prepared this drink definitely know his/her craft-Mashed potatoes 5/5-Strawberry balsamic gelato 5/5 nomnomnom The ok :-shrimp cocktail 3/5-watermelon salad 3/5-Mac and cheese 3/5;nothing exceptional, but the guys at the station were really fun -Chicken 3/5-Corn 3/5; it would have received a 4, but the top layer was dried out-Passion fruit mouse 3/5The " Hello no!":-octopus salad 2/5-Asian short rib 2/5 super salty-meat ball 2/5; I'm sure this tasted great 2 days ago -Macaroon 0/5; it tasted like someone threw upMaybe I was just spoilt from eating at the Caesar's buffet the night before, but this buffet was a huge disappointment.
5	One of the best buffets I've been to so far. The amount of food options is quite impressive and everything tastes heavenly! I have been here twice and I have not been disappointed, you definitely get the quality that you pay for. Go here hungry because you will want to try everything and do not forget to save room for dessert!!!
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas because of the best selection of gelato, well-seasoned Korean Kalbi, and medium rare sirloin steak. For $34 brunch not bad at all!
5	An amazing meal! We came for dinner, it was a little expensive, but once we started eating I was amazed by the flavors and simplicity of the food!  My favorite the oysters, they were amazing. The hardest part was leaving space the the dessert table!This will be a definitely stop for me next time that I am in vegas!
3	The place has a nice ambience but was over rated. I'll go over my thoughts on the brunch. They have a huge dessert section which contained gelato and many other pastries. I found this section to be the most robust in flavor and selection. Then There was an Asian section that consisted of noodles, unlabeled sushi and stir fried options. Another section was the pizza and Mac and cheese which happened to be the smallest but my wife found it to be her fav. Since she doesn't like pizza it's safe to say this might have been their strong point.  They also have a meat section with sirloin which was medium to medium rare without an option for further cooking your streak. I was disappointed because I wanted well done and it wasn't available. The other meats were chicken, sausage. Finally there was a breakfast section for eggs, cereal, toast and everything in between. As usual you can't really do wrong with breakfast due to its simplicity but they did not have any type of jellies except for strawberry. I was kind of irked that they wouldn't have a basic breakfast staple available. Overall it wasn't what I expected, it was quite small and got packed very easily. I advise coming when it isn't packed, you'll def save yourself sometime in lines waiting for avg food. For 36$ a person I expected better.
5	First time at the buffet Las Vegas style...Apperently there is a difference between the lunch buffett to the dinner buffett.In the dinner buffett ($38)there  much more meat options and the lunch buffett ($ are 26) has also breakfast dishes. Nice to know.It was expensive but worthy. Had verity of options, many kinds of salads and deserts and for someone how loves vegetebls in any shape and way it was perfect It was good. But expensive.
4	Talk about a buffet you MUST go to! THIS is the place to go for endless portions of high quality food. There are tons of options to choose from when it comes to buffets in Vegas and a lot of people that the buffets at Rio and Bellagio are hard to beat, and if that's the case, Wicked Spoon definitely gives those places a run for its money. If you the opportunity to go to Wicked Spoon....don't argue, just go! .....NOW! HahaThe Place -There isn't anything too special about the place; however the tables and chairs are definitely of good quality and they keep the place really clean. If it weren't for the obvious buffet stations and people constantly getting up for their 3rd of 4th plates, you can sometimes forget that you're in a buffet at all!***** 5/5 Stars *****The Service -I was in town for a conference and, coming here before, I just KNEW I had to come here again to their delicious brunch options. Even though it's a buffet, that does not mean excellent customer service is NOT required and Wicked Spoon definitely delivers. The cashiers were all very friendly and always had smiles on their faces. The hostess who took me to my seat was very social, nice, and struck up general conversation as we walked. As soon as I sat down, I was approached by the waiter responsible for my section and he immediately took my drink order. The drinks stayed full and he was always asking if I needed anything else or if everything was ok. Really great job, guys!**** 4/5 Stars ****The Food -If I wrote about all the food options they offer, I'm sure I would exceed the character limit for Yelp Reviews and would also be forced to split it into various chapters haha. So with that being said, EVERYTHING here is delicious and of GREAT quality. What really makes Wicked Spoon unique, however, is their method of presenting certain entrees. Some dishes, like the fried chicken, come in their own miniature deep fry basket that you put on your plate and others come in ramekins or miniature griddles, such as the mac & cheese and others. There's a typical carvery with fresh cooked meats and during brunch, there's an omelette station that also offers egg white omelettes should you want one. The salads and fruit options are all fresh and in that same section, freshly carved deli meats are available as well....reminded me much of a charcuterie. Before this portion goes on forever, I'm just gonna leave it at Wicked Spoon not having a bad thing on their offerings. Like I said, EVERYTHING is delicious and everyone should be able to find something appealing to their taste buds and palette.**** 4/5 Stars ****Overall -I try and make it a point to come to Wicked Spoon every time I come to Vegas. While the Bellagio buffet is still pretty good, it's outdated...and while the Rio is regarded as having one of the best buffets in Vegas, it's a little ways off the strip and can sometimes be an inconvenience. Wicked Spoon is situated, conveniently, on The Strip and offers great food on top of that. If you're looking for a buffet that separates itself from the rest with delicious food, look no further and come to Wicked Spoon! I promise, you won't regret it! Thanks!
2	Don't get the hype, went here for brunch on a Monday holiday and it was subpar food and limited selections.  Ceasar's buffet is much better and for the price this place charges I would rather have gone to another buffet other than here.  Smaller, crampier, and the food selections were near gone or they only had a limited variety of Asian foods left.  For 80 bucks you expect better selection of food and quality.  Maybe it was the time of day since it wasn't dinner?
2	Wanted to try this buffet out after seeing all the positive reviews.  If the price of admission was $20, buffet would have been fine.  But at $41, not so fine.  Prime rib was so-so, and the other choices were somewhat slim and not that great.  Too be fair, it was a Monday night, so perhaps they don't try as hard.
5	The food quality at this place is good but not fantastic. The only reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because of the very short line and to go option :)
4	All I can say is, wow, wow, wow.  Now, don't get me wrong, the Wicked Spoon was not the perfect buffet, but I can tell you this: it was without a doubt the best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas in years, and that is a lot of different buffets.  Just to make sure, we went again the next night because my wife had won a free dinner on the Identity Member wheel and we thought "Well, lets use it because we dont want to lose it in 7 days", plus, it was just that good the first time to go back the next night.The choices include typical buffet foods such as prime rib and cold crab legs, but after that the differences range from subtle to what I would consider, broad.  Sublle differences included ricotta creamed spinach (aswesome, silky and flavorful), shrimps sauteed to order in mango butter or a selection of others, and our favorite: roaste bone marrow.  Broad differences included grilled cowboy bacon (pork belly in a  zesty bbq sauce) to deep-fried pig's tail.All of the food was really, really good and at times bordering on great.  Seasoning was spot on in most cases, What also  makes this unique is the portioning: much of the food comes already in these great little containers that look like littel saute pans or pots.
4	Finally got to try this place after many recommendations and convincing not to go to my other favorite buffets. Three words to describe this buffet: modern, elegance, style. Loved the decor of this place. Almost felt underdressed although I was pretty dressed up that day. I was even excited with the complimentary bottle of water at every table. Convenient and thoughtful. I was excited to check out the food since I've heard so many good things about it. There were different types of food I haven't seen at other buffets and was delighted to see the mini takeout boxes filled with a variety of Asian food. To be honest, the food was just okay for me. Nothing really wowed me, but fascinated me, such as the Watermelon Salad with marscapone cheese, Bone Marrow, and Kale Apple and Pear salad. The service was superb, our waitress was friendly and helpful. I'm giving a star just for the service.I'm not sure if Wicked Spoon will be my next first choice of buffets, but I wouldn't mind coming back to give it another try.
3	Went for brunch.  It was good, I liked it, but I wouldn't go back.  I didn't think they had enough breakfasty items and they had some odd choices for 10am.  Like Chinese food, and Poleta with pesto, etc.  I liked that their were individual servings of things so that you didn't overeat.  Dessert choices were pretty darn good.
4	My new favorite buffet in Vegas!$26 per person for lunch - all you can eat including nonalcoholic drinks. I think endless mimosas is $15 more. Yummy items:Watermelon saladMushroom pastaPrime RibBone MarrowPumpkin PancakesGuava JuiceEverything comes as a small plate so you can pick a bunch of different items to eat on your own or share with friends. The dessert bar looks pretty elaborate but nothing was amazing.
3	Seafood : 4 starBeef, lamb , pork , chicken : 3 star Mexican , asian , pasta , ... : 2 starAppetizers , salad , ... : 2 starDessert : 4 starService : 4 starPrice : 2 starOVERALL : 3 Star
5	the best buffet i think i have ever been to!! the ambiance and selection of food and gourmet foods is amazing here! I didn't pay for it so that also added to my excitement but definitely would think about paying full price anyways. the artisan glass bottle water is a nice touch to the table.  the workers are very friendly and have awesome small lil baskets with food for you to just pick up and take. really good salad and fruit and everything is fresh and taste amazing! also i loved the dessert bar with the gelato! wow amazing!
2	Visited the brunch buffet. The cost was $26 per person and I can't help but think that there must be something better.  My first impression was a sense of disappointment.  My first bite was of some sushi and it almost led to vomiting.  After taking a breather, I was able to manage to try some other things.  Nearly every item I tired was cold.  Had it been hotter, it all would have been decent.  The dessert was the only redeeming quality of this buffet.  I'm no Vegas Pro, but I'm guessing that one might be able to do better.
5	Great concept and nice alternative to the standard Las Vegas buffet. You basically get to pick mini-dishes of individual portions of whatever you are eating. You get 1 large plate and then you just place smaller plates that have say salad or steak in them. You dont have to scoop anything and
3	We went there because of the review and photo~~~ We went Sat night at 7ish. Didn't wait in line too long. That's a good thing.  It's $41 per person.  Not too many selection. They cut prime rib and lamb as thin as paper~~ Seafood is not too fresh~~~Dessert bar probably is the best selection~~Don't think we will come here again~~ Wynn or Cesear are much worthier the $$ we pay for~~~
3	I was really excited about this buffet with all the good reviews and consistantly on top five in most lists, but with high expectation comes high disappointment. the varieties are over hyped. We paid forty bucks per person, almost fifty when everything was added. The Asian section was the most disappointing, youd think with a high end buffet they should hire some great chefs and helpers, artists if you will. but half the section was dried up pieces of crap in a little asian takeout box, and the only soup available there is egg drop soup? the most lazy, inauthentic of soups found in the worse of chinese buffets. They also manage to mess up kalbi! how do you mess that up? i didnt believe it when my friends said they didnt like it but when i tasted it, it was too salty.  The crab legs were cold, first time having them like that, dont know if its their intention but it definitely wasnt as good. I stopped eating because I ran out of variety....really not as much choices as hyped. half the choices were some kind of bread and carb. Most of my group didnt eat much and complained they were disappointed.
2	came for brunch on sundayprime rib was toughfried chicken was goodapplewood sausage was goodspicy mac and cheese is super hotribs was goodwicked fruit juice was goodice cream was good$34, large parties gets tip added in... so it was about $43 for a person
4	Great buffet with really rich foods (bone marrow) and hearty meat dishes.  A little tougher to eat since a lot of the dishes are individually plated.  usually I liek to get smaller portions, so here I had to coordinate with my wife to share dishes or else we would have wasted a lot of food.
4	This is a great environment once you get in. The line to pay and get seated can be quite long, especially if you come during brunch buffet hours. It's around $28 per person. The buffet itself is pretty good. They have some great items and a few misses. Overall you will have very good food prepared carefully, which is a challenge at a buffet. Service for clearing plates from the table is very good. They have good ranging from sushi to pork belly to omelets to kale salad. I would say there are about 100 items in the buffet.  My favorites:1. Creamed corn2. Pumpkin pancake3. All the desserts 4. Spaghetti with mushrooms5. Porkbelly
2	After hearing about how good this buffet was, I had to try it out. I went to Bacchanal buffet last time I was in Vegas and I loved it. Now to preface, I came for the dinner buffet but wicked spoon is known for their brunch buffet. I can't say anything about that so this review is primarily for the dinner one. Food-wise: Nothing special lol Crab legs.. Korean kalbi.. Prime rib.. Mussels.. And that's about all I can remember. Which is sad but there's nothing that really stood out for me. The mussels were probably my favorite thing out of everything but that's it. I really regretted not going back to Bacchanal. Decor-wise: There was the row in the back where all the food was, a salad/cold bar, and the dessert bar. Not that big, nice venue, meh. Overall, I wouldn't come back again for dinner but maaaaybe I would come back to try the brunch buffet to see if it's any better.
4	Wicked Spoon is wicked good....for a buffet!  I have to add that because I feel that buffets are never really that great-the food is never hot.  And that's the same case here, nothing was hot, some things were hot enough.  But there was a great variety of  good food!  My other complaint with this place is that on some items there were signs that says contains nuts-I grabbed a yogurt parfait which I thought only had granola in it but when I poked around it looked like there were almond or walnuts, which obviously I'm allergic to.  We came for Sunday brunch.  My favorites were the angry mac and cheese and chocolate doughnuts.  I probably would have more favorites but unfortunately I filled up pretty fast!  I would definitely come back!
2	Korean BBQ is too salty and tough, Sushi hmmm if you guys don't know how to make sushi don't make them at all.
5	Fresh, top quality and beautifully presented foods and desserts. Very impressed with couscous and shepherd's pie with cow tongue brisket. Very tasty and ingredients are well integrated! Love their thai tea gelato, coconut macaroon, fruit macaron, and white chocolate mousse! Will definitely return to try more entrees.
5	Prior to ever knowing about Wicked Spoon, I've always associated the word "Wicked" with witches, musicals and a slang word. But, O.M.G! Call me a "Gold-digger" of buffets. I'll milk what ever I can from this place!I vowed to myself that when I came back to Vegas, Wicked Spoon will have to be part of my itinerary. And so I did include a mandatory visit. I came here on a Sunday evening after watching some SNF. It was a miracle that this place was not busy at all when I arrived. The seating was quick and complimented friendly service.Entering this buffet made me feel like Homer J. Simpson. I felt like I was in the episode of his AYCE candy binge dream. My highlight food items were:- Wicked fried chicken- Potato wedges- Short rib kabli (Korean BBQ)- BBQ ribs- Prime rib- Gelatos (Nutella, coconut, green tea, tiramisu)- Chocolate covered strawberries- Macaroons- Cream puffs- Chocolate peanut butter rice crispy treatsAll these items were just too hard to pass up. Cooked to perfection and enjoyable through every single bite. I kept my word for getting my monies worth! Most definitely one of my top choices of buffet. PERIOD!
2	Nothing great and feels like your in a convention center. At 41 per person go upstairs to many of the fine restaurants and enjoy your meal. Bone marrow was disgusting.  Crab legs, skimpy. The only thing I enjoyed was the octopus salad. It was just odd and unique.
5	The best buffet I have been to.  They have everything!!! Crab legs, shrimp and grits and sushi.  Great service.  Can't wait to go back.
3	Wicked spoon was very mixed for me. The asiago gnocchi and polenta were both fantastic. The curried rice was dry from too long under the heat lamp. The leg of lamb was mediocre. The carnitas taco was fair... Right down the middle. The deserts were amazing! I could have just eaten those. The walk through the cosmopolitan was great too. Modern style and interesting art. Was it worth $41 per person? I guess that depends on how much desert you eat!Considering a burger, fries and a coke will cost you $30+ at most restaurants on the strip, I think it was worth it.
3	For me 3 stars means A-OK...I would eat here again with no problem though I may not rush there or rave about it. In fairness I am not a huge fan of buffets and this one is certainly one of the biggest I have ever seen. There are at least 5 or 6 different stations - salad, dessert, seafood, meats, eclectic mix, Asian.Like any decent buffet, many of the dishes were very good, lots were okay and some were not for me at all. I felt the food was kept fresh and replenished often, I enjoyed seeing the staff behind the food as I could ask questions, get recommendations etc... One of the things I liked best was the small size of certain dishes - enough for a bite or two which encouraged me to try lots of things I may not have tasted otherwise. The best station for me was the salad area, the staff was friendly and very attentive. Dessert was quite disappointing. A little pricey for a buffet but you are in Vegas!!
4	One of my more pleasant buffet experiences. I really appreciate the smaller portions and individual plating, it really held back my glutonnous side, lol, which is a good thing! The selection is not huge, but even so your still not able to sample everything. I recommend going during weekday brunch for the best value ($26) but keep in mind you must enter before 2 p.m. I definitely will return here on my next trip to Vegas.
1	Expensive, $88.00 for 2 for dinner, and food was below average.  Not to mention it's location is at the very back secluded area of the cosmopolitan.  Complete disappointment!
4	This buffet was on my must try list after seeing so many rave reviews on Yelp. I made sure it was my #1 stop after arriving in Vegas, luckily there were no lines because we arrived at 5 pm which is when they open for dinner.Each table is set up beautifully with wine glasses, heavy silverware, and a bottle of free wine along with a glass bottle of water.Now, for the food...-shrimp ceviche was AWESOME!!! With a sour kick I had thirds I think...-Shrimp cocktail with shells I ate so much of my cholesterol is probably off the charts!-hummus dip with a crispy tasty toasted pita?..delicious!!had seconds as well.-cheese bar like any other Vegas buffet-prime rib was soft and super juicy with tons of ah jus sauce.-bone marrow was different from what I imagined..seemed like it was all FAT inside but the ones I'm accustomed to is actual soft bone marrow..so it was bleh..Mac& cheese bar : the guy working was supercool as this finicky eater asked for spinach, onions, tomato, bacons, mushrooms as toppings. And guess what?! Its made of REAL CHEDDAR!!!-their salad bar is pretty decent with my favorite whole wedge of iceberg lettuce and other kinds of salad already made for you. -theres a dish..the watermelon with some creamy sauce on top which was o so delicious!!- pecan brittle with bleu cheese also yummy!Lastly, dessert!! Their dessert section was nicely set up. My husband loved their cheesecake...supposedly the best cheesecake hes ever had???- their gelatos were delish so we tried multiple flavors like blood red orange, rasberry sorbet, thai, NUTELLA, cookies n cream, almond.- oreo covered chocolate strawberries were awesome! What a cool new twist!!!You must try this place at least once even though its so expensive...our total came out to 80+ tip for two people which is high for a buffet BUT you are getting good food. Compared to Bacchanal, I prefer this place, but my husband likes the Caesars one better because hes not a fan of seafood and felt he didn't have too much food to indulge on ;)-
4	Been here twice for lunch with my buddies. It was not more than $25 which is a really good deal for such a good quality buffet like this one. I have tried many buffets in Vegas and this one is by far one of my favorites (yes better than Bellagio). They have so much variety omg. Shrimp, salmon, trip tip, prime rib, omelet stations, salad bars, Chinese, Japanese, American, Italian and much much more. My favorites were the salmon, their spicy mac n cheese, shrimp, and prime rib. However, everything in general is delicious!! I like how everything is served in an individual portion so you don't have to scoop anything out. Just grab and go! The most outstanding thing is probably their desserts. Omg I have the biggest sweet tooth and as soon as I saw that they have gelato I knew I had to get on that as well as their macaroons!!! I love this buffet I'm coming here next time for sure.
1	Not worth it went to the brunch and spent $72 on crap food. McDonald's has better food then this place. It's nice I like the decor thats why I rated it one star but the food and service suck, and speaking of the service aren't you allowed to have a refill on your beverage when you go to buffets?!?! Asked our server if she would bring more orange juice she gave us this look like "what the f*@k" absolutely ridiculous she took FOREVER  to return with the drinks. There are waaaaaaaaay better buffets in Vegas than this place!!!
5	By far, the BEST buffet in Las Vegas!! They provide a variety of options for all different types of palletes AND the quality of the food is EXCEPTIONAL!! This is DEFINITELY NOT cafeteria food (like most buffets)!! And most importantly, the food presentation is Phenomenal!! Get wicked at Wicked Spoons!!
1	Felt like I just got robbed. No sashimi, 3 kind of sushis. No fruit bar. No melons, grapes, strawberry. Nothing. Well bananas and apples. Who the heck wants to eat an apple at an expensive buffet in Vegas? Never coming back. Worse selection of food. Ever.
4	They have a very good selection of goodies. I appreciate that most of their items are portioned out so not of lots of people going through the food like at other buffets - where serving spoons fall into the food in the trays yuck!
4	It's definitely pricey but if you go hungry you will absolutely get your money's worth! The dining room is large so you won't have to wait forever for seating and the selection is incredible! The dessert buffet along is phenomenal. I loved that so many of the items came in small portions  (pre-measured into cups, bowls, etc) so you just grab one and go. Don't worry- when you decide that you love the pasta dish or gelato, you can easily go grab another serving. I was so satisfied with their selection and quality! This is a must try brunch stop!
5	I have been here twice on two separate trips, once for dinner and once for breakfast. All I have to say is "Best Buffet EVER!!". Quality and creative dishes, such a great variety! Something for everyone! I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas simply to come back here. Dessert buffet is ridiculous, plus a huge variety of gelato. No complaints, nothing but love for the Wicked Spoon.
4	This has become the number one request from my boyfriend on our Vegas outings. I swear, it's what he looks forward to the most!  Wide offering of delicious food in small portions- don't worry, you can always go back for more! Oh, and save room for dessert!!
4	Went to the wicked spoon to try it out. After reading many reviews which put it with a good rating, i decided to try it out. Holy crap is it good. Between my fiancee and myself we tried many things and liked almost all of it. She got the one marrow and said it was good, just a bit greasy. She loved the crab legs. Me, I got some gnocchi in a cream sauce that was exceptional, the meatballs are fantastic, the Sheppards pie, the best I have had yet. But even with that, my 2 favorite things were the carnitas, served kind of in a deconstructed way and the fried chicken, utterly divine. So with all this great food, We decide to go for dessert. That is when things kind of went south. We found them to be a bit bland, a bit lacking in selection, basically just not as good as the Caesars's buffet, but a close second. If they fix the desserts, they could easily be neck and neck with the Caesar's Bacchanal buffet as the best in Las Vegas.
4	I"m not a buffet person at all, but I can't say enough good things about this place.Great options..breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert... $22 on weekdays, $29 on weekends, $37 with unlimited mimosas or bloody marys.give it a shot, you'll be glad you did .
1	Yelp really disappointed me today. For the first time. I really don't understand why this place has so many stars! Way below average, so disappointing! Beef so hard and chewy, pork dry and tasteless, salad just..blah..Best thing on my plate was smoked salmon that I can get in a supermarket.I was never really crazy about buffets but this one makes me never want to try another one again...yuck
5	Not a buffet person, but this food is a great way to sample gourmet food.  Price Perfectly and you won't be disappointed.  I like the way the servings are arranged, not buffet style, but a personal mini sample spoon or plate.  Very Cute.  i liked the mini fry basket for the Sweet Potato Fries.....
4	In terms of buffet restaurants in general, this is an amazing place.  However, this is Las Vegas, land of the buffets, and so we have to hold it to a slightly higher standard.  The bottom line is that this is one of the better buffet restaurants in this town, but definitely not the best, and not even in the top ten.  There are places in this town where eating at a buffet is like eating at a food court with ten separate restaurants in one place.  This isn't one of those places.  It's a simpler place with a comparatively smaller selection.  The Japanese section only had four different kinds of sushi.  The seafood section was similarly sparse.  I did like the Chinese section with the chow mein.  I liked how the food came pre-packaged in Chinese take-out containers.  The section with the pizza only had four different types of pizza, and all of them were generic pizza toppings.  The one saving grace in this place is the dessert section.  They had an entire sugar-free dessert section, and I tried one of just about ever item in this section.  Everything was delicious.  The gelato section is also excellent.  There were at least 20 different flavors of ice cream.  I was upset that I didn't have room in my stomach for more than two.  There are many buffets in Vegas of this caliber.  This particular one is in The Cosmopolitan hotel, which is considered one of the nicer, more trendy hotels.  I think much of the lure of this hotel is heightened by the fact that it's right next door to the Bellagio, which is probably the most opulent hotel in Las Vegas.  If this hotel, and this buffet for that matter, were in any other part of the Vegas strip, it would be regarded as just another generic buffet.  That being said, if you happen onto this buffet, you won't be disappointed.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner since he wanted to visit the hotel. The buffet was nice with absolutely wonderful services. Our waiter never let our water glasses get empty and he brought me drinks that I asked for right away. And our empty plates was taken right away.As for food, it was good nothing too special. My favorite item though was the pork belly in the Asian section.
4	I finally got to spend 3 hours at Wicked Spoon stuffing myself with food on a Sunday before leaving Vegas. Wicked Spoon does live up to its hype. There was a lot of food selections. But let me mention about their drinks first. They make delicious fruit drinks. DELICIOUS!!! We could not stop getting more and more. And they were in cute glass bottles. We came at noon time, so a lot of breakfast/brunch food was there. And of course, they have almost everything from Asian food to Italian, American and seafood. We stayed too long so when we were about to leave, they had more food (probably for dinner time) coming out. And guess what, we stayed to eat some more. They started bringing out crab legs, steamed mussels, ceviche, snail salad, etc.. which they didn't have for lunch/brunch time. And they were absolutely YUM!!!Did I mention about their antipasto? It was so good, too! Oh, and the blueberry pancake. I know I'm jumping around, but that was how I ate my food there too. I thought I'd finished..I started desserts and went back for more food.Everything there was nicely decorated...very cute. Desserts are good, too with a lot of cakes, maccarons and macaroons..but I thought Bacchanal Desserts were better.
1	Dear Lord...who has been reviewing this place?  Went there for their "quote unquote" BEST CRAB....more like crap.  They are small legs of crab, cut in half, as dry as jerky and there was something gritty on them.  SERIOUSLY?  Place is nice enough looking - service was personable, but the food was not worth the price of admission.  I worry that this restaurant YELPING is fixed.
4	We came here for weekend brunch after reading all the amazing yelp reviews. FYI brunch is $26 on weekdays, but $34/person on weekends. The service was okay, we initially got all our drinks right away, but our plates stacked up throughout the meal.. maybe we ate too much. I loved the polenta dish, the wedge salad, yogurt parfait. the french toast was absolutely delicious-- the swirled in cinnamon flavors were much richer than I expected. The desserts were great, and they have a nice gelato selection-- I was amused by the Thai Tea gelato; the best was probably the Almond Joy. The juices were good as well.Bf loved the fried chicken, beet salad, white chocolate mouse topped with gold flakes.Compared to Bacchanal, the variety/quality/creativity were all  less in my opinion. There is a good variety of meat, and I loved that they had bone marrow (remember to add the chimichurri!), but there is very little seafood except for smoked salmon and a few types of sushi that were pretty bland. If you're into seafood, this is not the place, at least not for their brunch/lunch. Bacchanal also does better with their thematic cuisines, for example while Bacchanal has an impressive array of dim sum, stir fried vegetable./rice/ noodle dishes, noodle soups, sushi for their asian cuisine, Wicked spoon had 3 somewhat cheesily boxed dishes of rice and noodles and 4 types of sushi.  It is still worth trying for sure though !
3	For $34 a buffet isn't bad. The prime rib was delicious with the mash potatoes. The sushi was disgusting. It's been sitting out for a long time and was hard and had no flavor. We came during brunch and the long was way too long. The service isn't very good. The waiters did not clear our table nor did they clear out the table next to us. Our used plates were sitting at the table the entire time we were there and were still there when we left. The bone marrow they had did not have anything on them, it was just plane bones and was just sitting there the entire time even though a chef was there the whole time. They are very stingy with their prime rib. Just because I'm a girl and I look small does not mean I don't know how to eat. He gave me a tiny little piece and did the same with my bf. Their chocolate covered strawberries were good but they didn't have any plain chocolate covered strawberries just the Oreo and Heath ones. The gelato scooper would mix up the flavors. I asked for the scattellini flavor or however you spell it and he did not clean his scoop so the pink sorbet gelato was mixed with mines and did not taste very good. Overall this place was ok. Idk if I'd come back.
5	This is the best buffet u can find in Vegas! The decor phenomenal. The food is great and there's so much variety that you would not ever see in another buffet. This is a unique buffet that is worth the $42! I've been to several buffets in Vegas including the Wynn but wicked spoon was the best in my personal opinion.  Dessert section is wonderful. Great gelato choices.
3	I think this place is a little overrated. They do have a good variety of different food but I guess it just didnt really fit my taste all that much. Ive been here twice, for brunch both times, and even though I ended up being extremely full, I feel like the food quality could be a little better. I do love breakfast food a lot but I feel like they are missing out by not serving all the normal staple breakfast food. Also, I hate it when my food is not hot when it is supposed to be. I know it is a buffet and all but if you are serving ramen, you have to make sure that the broth is hot!I had a great time dining here. Service was great and the food isnt bad. The dining area is beautiful too. I also like how everything is already portioned out for you and in their own little plates/dishes. Its really cute!
4	This is a great buffet place in Vegas! The decor is modern, sophisticated and very clean. The service was great and wait time just less than 15 minutes considering it was a busy time of the day.The food was just exceptional for a buffet. The dishes were all so tasteful and there were bountiful of choices to choose from. Dishes were also played very nicely and everything looked so appetizing. This is definitely one of the must try buffet place in Vegas.
5	I mean...who in their right hungry-starving-I can eat a cow-mind would go to a buffet as their first meal? *Raises hand...I would! And more so at this place. The Wicked Spoon really is pretty wicked... it's that good. I admit their ambiance, decor, and presentation of food really add to the appeal and satisfies my anger just right. Food was great. Presentation added a bunch to the taste I am sure! Who dosn't want to eat Mac n Cheese in mini pots? Everything from soups to pizzas, breakfast foods like bagels , french toast, eggs...to cheeses, seafood, Chinese, sausages, Korean BBQ ribs, pizza, and fruit and dessert. Service was superb. Lady (forgot her name...yikes) remembered my name and repeated it several times throughout the dining experience..."How is everything Jen?", " Jen what else can I get you? " "Thanks so much Jen, have a great day" ..holy cow..how did she remember my name with all the other tables she had? I don't care how...not many people do that..and she impressed me. Needless to say I tipped her well as she was on top of everything. Food was just that..brunch. Breakfast+ lunch. Oh and a whole load of desserts. Fave: Wicked Juice  (their own staple fresh juice made of strawberries, bananas, pineapple juice, lime, orange and maybe something else) AND French Brioche Toast (I know I know but really...so GOOD with honey butter and powdered sugar. Best toast I ever had in my life. One bite turned into 5 different flavors right after another. Amaze-balls. Tip: Currently $34 for brunch and add 10 dollars for bottomless mimosas/champagne/bloody Marys. If you want to go the cheap but want to be buzzed route...just half the amount of bottomless drinks per party (i.e get 1 bottomless to share for 2..seriously they don't care and never notice...they just want tips) BUT NO, seriously don't do that because that is JUST WRONG ...right???!
4	For a Vegas buffet, this one is one the best I've been to. Nothing tastes the same.  I went for brunch time on a Saturday, so the line was about a 30 minute wait.  I asked the cashier at the front if we could pay to skip the line (cuz you can do that everywhere in Vegas) and she got all snooty about it, said I'd have to go back downstairs and speak with the concierge, but no skipping the line with her. Calm down, lady. Just asking.Favorite highlights were the mini pumpkin pancakes, angry mac and cheese, warm apple cobbler.  Love that they have homemade juices (like a juice bar) and a gelato station. I did not go for much of the asian stuff just because we ate at Hakkasan the night before, but the fried rice was pretty good for a buffet.I love that they have things in little pots or little bowls for you to take back to your table, it's so cute! It took the worry out of the portion sizing and also made the lines go faster because you could just pick up a little pot and walk away instead of waiting for someone to scoop. If you are in the mood for a buffet, I recommend doing this one! So good.
4	I love this buffet. Have done it three or four times now. Have taken folks right from McCarran. Especially love the small creamy polenta....how do they do that?But here's the gripe...those are the most hideous uniforms I have ever seen on the female wait staff. Not one woman looked attractive in them...they seem to highlight everyone's worst feature! I can't imagine putting that on every day! Geez, beautiful place...give the staff attractive uniforms. IHOP has better outfits.
3	At $42 per person for brunch, it is simply not worth the price. I have been to several buffets on the Las Vegas strip including the buffets at the Bellagio, Wynn, Bacchanal, M-Resort, Rio and the MGM just to name a few, so I think I have a pretty good perspective.The food selection and quality is definitely good, but their service leaves much to be desired. Our server took it upon himself to shake my hand and the hand of every person in my party. Great! There's nothing like beginning a holiday brunch with a germ swap! The person at the meat carving station was about as friendly as a rabid caged animal. I wanted to say something to him about his horrible attitude, but he was holding a very large knife. I figured I didn't stand a chance if it ever came to blows especially since I was only holding a basket of fried chicken and a bowl of watermelon and pear salad. As the old adage goes, "Never bring a watermelon salad to a knife fight." So I kept my comments to myself and endured his horrible attitude.At this buffet, you can expect to enjoy four-star food and two-star service.
1	The waiting time for Thanks Giving dinner was 3 hours. We were starving going in at 8:15pm but the foods were running low. They ran out of sushi and only had 4 types of rolls which had no flavor due to driness of each ingredients. Crab legs were only available with unopened portion of legs. Bone marrow wasn't even available until 9:30pm when I stuffed myself with mediocre flavor food. $50 sure was over priced for such service.
2	Easily one of the most over priced buffets in Vegas due to the quality of food and service. Food was no bueno, best thing this place has was the shrimp cocktail. Desserts offered were okay, nothing special. Service was terrible- plates were not cleared (wasn't busy or anything), took 15 minutes to get our drinks (and they brought out the wrong drinks). Maybe they were having a bad night? I don't know if I would come back.
2	Comparing the price, I have to say no matter the quality or the quantity is not good. I was there for thanksgiving, but I had to wait 3 hours. So I decided to come back later. Here we are the day after thanksgiving. I have a lot expectation, because of others' recommendations and high price. However, totally disappointed! Nothing taste special, they all normal or less good tasting, and not a lot options. This is my first buffet in Las Vegas, if this could be a four star buffet, then Vegas sucks!
4	Came here for brunch....amazing. The food was delicious-fresh& tasty. The angry Mac N cheese is a must try. (Warning:spicy)Another favorite: the French toast (moist & flavorful). Chocolate covered strawberries & apple donuts were my favorite for sweets. The place is beautiful & modern. Short wait. A bit pricey $39 per person. But worth every penny. Come hungry-there's more food than you could imagine. Took away one star because it's a bit pricey & also for there pork looking pink. Sausage and meatballs that were pork had a raw like pink color. Waitress told us it's from some colored salt or seasoning of some kind. Still, I couldn't get past that it looked raw. Gross. She assured us it wasn't and had chef check temperature on it. (Good service).
2	Review based on wait times .Wanted to check this place out, but a 4 hour wait......on a Saturday before noon. No thanks.
5	The Wicked Spoon has a nice atmosphere, excellent service, and high-quality food with  great attention to detail.My husband and I had brunch at the Wicked Spoon and we were both very impressed. I was so happy to see fresh pain au chocolate (a French chocolate croissant); it reminded me of our honeymoon in Europe. They were always my breakfast of choice and every time we rode a train, I would  get one. The crispy croissant, the warm chocolate that melts in your mouth . . . brought back memories and made me long for France.A lot of the dishes at the buffet were made in house, such as the Wicked Juice, house-cured bacon, house-made Italian sausage, and smoothies. Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful! When reading reviews online, everyone mentioned the bone marrow at the Wicked Spoon. I had never tried bone marrow before and found it rather flavorless and gelatinous, but maybe it's an acquired taste. The house-cured bacon on the other hand was a smoky delight on the taste buds.One of my favorite dishes at the Wicked Spoon is the Korean BBQ (I was too ravenous at the time to get a picture as we had skipped breakfast. Plus, my plate was piled high with grilled Korean short ribs glistening with sauce that you would have thought I was a tad bit crazy). Their vegetarian Udon noodles, Chinese Pork buns, and Indian curried rice pack in the flavor.The Wicked Spoon uses ramekins, small plates, and miniature saucepans to create individual portion sizes and creative presentations. I like this because it lets you try small quantities of dishes. It also makes your plate a whole lot neater!The baker and I at the Wicked Spoon must have the same love for chocolate and raspberry combinations. They had a molten chocolate cake submersed in a raspberry sauce, a chocolate-raspberry tart, and a chocolate bundt cake with raspberry sauce. They also had fresh raspberry sorbet! Ok, I'm totally in love!See full review: http://www.flavorfuljourneys.com/two-best-buffets-las-vegas/
4	Came for brunch... Yum! One of the eat buffets in Vegas! The selection is pretty good and it actually tastes good too.. Buffets in Rio or planet Hollywood might have alot, but you get one thing and everything tastes the same.... Tuna tar tar.. Tastes like the orange chicken..... At least here everything has a distinct taste.. And is good =] ( PS...good hang over food and bonding, from partying and throwing up the night before at  Marquee ;) lol
2	Well, I've read reviews after reviews how good they were then I came and had $47.00+tax buffet meal and I was disappointed. Atmosphere was pleasing but counters were dirty, trays were empty or foods were scattered everywhere, meat was rough to chew so I had to be rude and excused myself to spit them out, half of foods were dried and lost their colors. Desserts were ok but not meeting wow as other reviews stated. I wish I had gone to different restaurant I could have better dish for $50 instead of disappointment
3	We ate here on a Saturday in early October' 13. We were both excited to eat here having read glowing reviews.  However I'm sorry to say we both left underwhelmed. We did have a short wait and the service was friendly.  However we both considerd the food to be just ok. Perhaps we needed to visit later in the evening, however there was only a fraction of the choices available compared with what I've read in the reviews. I can't say it was a bad experience, we just didn't feel the hype was justified.
3	Had brunch here on Thanksgiving Day. Went in around 11:15 am and the line was short, only waited about 20 minutes to get a table. However, by the time we finished, the line was very long, so be aware and plan ahead. It was very crowed, and we were placed in a weird spot that people constantly trying to slip by us to get to the buffet table. The service was good and quick. The food is like any big name Vegas buffet: good quality, huge selection. My experiences with Vegas buffets deteriorated over time, mainly because I become older and can't eat as much as I used to, and the wow factor I had during my first few visits to Vegas buffets evaporates quickly. I've tried many Vegas buffets (Bellagio, Aria, Wynn, Rio, Cosmopolitan) during multiple visits. The overall experience is very good, and my recommendation is you should try Vegas buffet at least once. There's no BEST buffet here, I would say you can't do wrong with any big name buffets here in Vegas. They are all vast and they all have a huge exotic food selections.
4	Excellent! Have only tried two buffets in Vegas thus far but this one was my favorite. The price was a little expensive but the cashier told us it was because it was Thanksigiving weekend and there are many more additional foods provided including a traditional Thanksgiving meal. The ambiance in here was really nice with dim mood lighting and a more "trendy" feel that the other buffet I went too at the Aria. I loved the make your own Mac & Cheese bar and the mini fry buckets of fried chicken. The mini boxes of fried rice and the Korean Bul-kogi were also some of my favorites! The thanksgiving stuffing was also really delicious! I had seconds and thirds. The gelato bar at Wicked Spoon was also great! The Salted Caramel & Nutella were two of my favorites! Would recommend this buffet to anyone staying on the Strip!  You won't be disappointed!
3	I wanted to try this place after seeing good reviews trom yelp, so I was there for a brunch the day after Thanksgiving.  Ummmm....a big mistake. ONE WORD: disappointeddddddd !Negatives:- variety of selections, but they were mediocre, nothing special or outstanding ( no good sushi selection, and fried chicken in a cute basket was nasty! How can you go wrong with a fried food?)-this place is pretty big and i was sitting near desserts.  by the time I got my foods and came back to my table, they were cold.-my waiter...."Will", took almost 30min to come to my table for a drink-water from fancy water bottle tasted like bathroom, yukkk! So dont get fool by the fancy bottle. -overpriced,  definitely not worth $39 for brunchPositives:-good dessert bar-good salad bar-nice decor/interiorI just dont understand why others gave this place such good reviews. :(
5	The best buffet I've ever been too.  The food presentation is very unique & makes the food appear irresistible.  Tons of desserts & a wide variety of great tasting food to choose from.
5	This place is awesome. Simple as that. If you want a great Vegas buffet that's not $50-60, then I fully recommend it.  Wicked Spoon is located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel.  This buffet is different from your typical Vegas buffet.  They pre-portion a lot of the food which is really cool so it prevents you from over loading your plate.  Yes, you can still eat as much as those pre-portioned items as you want, but I appreciated being able to get individual tiny boxes of chinese food, small salads, fried chicken, etc.  They have a lot of elevated buffet food as well like Ravioli with Duck Confit or Truffle Risotto or every single kind of meat you could ever want.  Our server was great and had no issues clearing our plates and refilling drinks when we needed them.  The food was legitimately good! It didn't taste like it had been sitting there all day.  I wish we had gone for the lunch instead of brunch so I could have tried out the taco bars that the omelette station replaced, but I guess i'll have to go again! Get there early because the line can build up fast!
3	The first time I went to the Wicked Spoon, I was so excited and happy from the food and experience.  I feel like now the quality has gone down.  It is good to try at least once because of their unique way in which they present the dishes, but the food quality is definitely not as high anymore.
4	Hands down favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I'm personally not a big fan of buffets and over indulging myself, but I will for this place. They have a great variety of food. Just about everything is portioned out in little cups, pots, fry baskets, etc. which is great alternative to most buffets where you just slop on whatever with a giant spoon with food stuck on it. The dessert bar is probably my favorite part and I don't have a huge sweet tooth. The thai tea gelato is a must have!The buffet is on the pricier side, but well worth it. My only complaint would be the vegetarian options. They do provide more than the average buffet, but the last time I was there I visited the mac and cheese station twice so I could get my monies worth.Overall, great buffet!
5	This place has a large selection of delicious and beautiful foods.It is pricey, but considering that most of the restaurants in Vegas are pricey, it is acceptable.What's important is that you will have a good time here.I loved the thinly sliced prime rib and so many desserts.
5	It's one wicked buffet indeed! Hip and trendy, this is located inside the very chic Cosmopolitan Hotel. I've frequented this buffet quite a handful of times now so my review here is long overdue. My last visit was over Thanksgiving and it was only by default that we came because our original plan was to hit up Bacchanal Buffet (the new and very hyped up buffet at the Caesars Palace) which had a ridiculous wait of 3-4 hours at 2PM. Sorry, I'm not THAT crazy to stay in line that long. Wicked Spoon here we come! Ohhhh yeah!!45 minutes of waiting in line to pay and another 45 minutes to get seated, not bad! We paid about $50 per person for dinner as opposed to $60 in Bacchanal for their Thanksgiving rate. You have to pay extra $$ if you want mimosa included. So among the plethora of food choices to choose from, arranged by cuisines from all corners of the world, below is an outline of the reasons why I love Wicked Spoon. FOR STARTERS, I WENT CRAZY OVER THESE:-Pumpkin Soup---Not sure what else is in this soup aside from the pumpkin but it's hearty and addicting! -King Crab Legs---Fresh and sweet! -Shrimp Cocktail---Succulent! FROM THE CARVING STATION:-Bone Marrow---I ate this like there was no tomorrow. I probably need to see a heart doctor soon but it was all worth it. "A moment on your lips, a lifetime on the hips!" -Roast Beef---Yummm...-Lamb---Cooked perfectly, not gamey, tender, juicy, tasty...Need I say more!?-Turkey---Not a turkey fan but it was Thanksgiving so I had to eat some. It was great! SEAFOOD ENTREES:-Shrimps---Cooked in butter, garlic, and other spices. I got down and dirty eating these crustaceans. Delicious!-Mussels Mariniere---I had 3 bowls of these. The sauce was fantastic! I was literally slurping it down. ASIAN CORNER:-Roasted Pork Belly---5-spice infused, the pork was beautifully cooked. It was juicy, tender, and flavorful! The crispy skin was a nice added touch. CARBO LOADING:-Paella-Mushroom Risotto-Mac N Cheese---Dude!! They have a MADE-TO-ORDER STATION for this! It's amazing! You get to pick what you want in your Mac N Cheese. Sooooo goooood!DESSERT:-Chocolate Covered Strawberries---This is one sight to behold and an indulgence to partake. A must!-Gelato---A myriad of flavors to choose from...you'll go crazy! Thai Iced Tea and Nutella were my top two favorites! -Macarons---Last but not the least, these are not to be missed. They had the mango flavored that day and it was divine! Sad to say, the next batch didn't have the same perfect consistency as the first ones I've had. All's well though because I may have had as much as my heart's content before the 2nd batch came out.   SERVING:Most of their dishes are already pre-plated in small portions. It's nice how they do this because not only does it minimize waste, it also allows you to try small portions of all the food selections they have to offer without over filling yourself. I like their concept: unique and practical! SERVICE:-From the people at the register, to the receptionist, and to the server, everyone were all smiles and efficient in what they do. Our plates were cleared whenever needed and our drinks were always filled. Top-notch service! For now, I think Wicked Spoon is the best buffet in Vegas. Quality food and service. Then again, I have yet to try what Bacchanal has to offer. Until then...
5	Now my favorite buffet in Vegas. Went 8:30pm on a Monday. No crowd & no wait. Then the carnage began. I decimated the Korean ribs, mac & cheese with brisket added, collared greens, and shrimp and grits.  Then I laid waste to the dessert section, especially salted peanut caramel gelato & the toffee dipped strawberries.Too many choices, too little stomach space...
4	Pricy for dinner so if you're on a budget try the lunch. We paid $88 for dinner after tax. Husband eats quite a lot so he got his money's worth but buffets are never a good deal for someone my size. That being said, lots of variety - I love how they present all the food in individual portions. Taste was great. Dessert was beautiful but overly rich and we tried a little of everything with both of us not feeling impressed by the end. Overall good experience though.
3	So many of my friends raved about how Wicked Spoon is their favorite buffet in Vegas, so I was excited to finally try. On the weekdays, lunch buffet is only $25 per person. Score! The decor of this place is AH-MAZING! The food presentation is AH-MAZING-ER (Is this a word? Well, now it is.) However, the taste of the food is just okay. Although there are a million choices - breakfast, Asian, meats, salads, seafood, and desserts (oh gosh, the desserts!) - nothing was too satisfying for my taste buds. This restaurant is definitely a buffet to try for the experience and pictures, but if I wanted to make my taste buds dance, I'd go to another buffet.
2	*Sigh* I was SOOO excited to binge eat at Wicked Spoon but left hungry and very underwhelmed.  In their defense I do have to say I went on a Monday at 3p or 4p so I guess you can say it was an odd hour, but seriously how does a buffet have such small variety of choices to pick from??!!Each station had maybe 3/4 choices and nothing left an impression on me.  Writing this review I can't even remember what I consumed that day.  I do however remember the food being lukewarm =\ At $45 per person I want to be able to rave about what I ate...shoooot!  I bottomless mimosas ($12 extra per person) made up for the disappointing food, but I suppose I could've had that anywhere.  I most likely won't be back here.
4	Definitely worth the 34 bucks for brunch.  There was only a short wait (15-20 mins) to be seated.  I hate long buffet lines, so this was a big plus!  All the staff were really nice.  Not a wide variety, but the food was exceptional.  The desserts are phenomenal
1	We were so looking forward to our first buffet while in Vegas and left very disappointed.  Glad we didn't pay full price or I would have left sick to my stomach for two reasons :(Although the presentation of the food was great, that was actually the only thing going for it.  Every meat we tried was nothing but rubber and every "hot" item was nothing more than luke warm at 6pm on a Friday night.  The desserts looked amazing and oh so cute beings they were small and I thought to myself "dessert is easy enough, that should at least be pretty good" well needless to say not the case at all.  What little favor some of the items had and was smashed with being dry, yuck.  Service was good and she was very attentive with drinks and clearing of plates.  But it is never good when you leave a buffet that is $41 per person and you think to yourself I would have rather had a Happy Meal. For those raving that it is amazing food my heart goes out to them and their lack of truly great food.  So save your money and you appetite for something worthy of your time.
3	I was so excited to finally try Wicked Spoon after hearing so many great things about it. I went around 7 on Saturday night (in December) and there was no line or wait. The decor was great and all the food looked amazing! I dug into the crab legs immediately which we're sliced in half so you can just pull te meat out. Crab was great. I then followed it with some bone marrow and kalbi meat which were both just okay. kalbi was comparable to a 3 or 4 star Korean restaurant in San Jose. I was most excited about their dessert and they had a wide selection, although I think Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasars Palace had more. I had the strawberry and Thai tea ice cream and the chocolate dipped strawberries which were all very good. Overall, not sure if it was worth the $41 and I would recommend Bacchanal over Wicked Spoon.
5	Wow.... All I can say is.... wow. We tried several buffets during our last trip to Vegas, but this one was the best. Go for brunch and load up on chocolate strawberries and Nutella crepes.  And take a moment to eyeball the beautiful Cosmo... it really beautiful and only opened in 2010.
4	As far as Vegas buffets go, Wicked Spoon is hard to beat. I've been for both brunch and dinner on multiple occasions, and there is always an impressive selection of many different types of food for both. I prefer the brunch for a few reasons: 1) The option for BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS for $15 or so. Go with the right crowd and you can start your Vegas partying off right -- the last time we went, the waiters just brought out bottles on ice for us. Nice touch. 2) Brunch is less crowded. We waited upwards of 45 minutes to be seated for dinner, while we walked right in at brunch on a Saturday morning.3) I'd much rather gorge myself on breakfast goodies like pumpkin pancakes, french toast, and biscuits n' gravy, but that's just a personal preference.The only reason it doesn't get that 5th star is because it's really pricey. $100 for two people at brunch isn't chump change, especially when you can eat just as much at Hash House for less than half that cost.
5	I went here for during the lunch special, and it was WAY worth it. We had to wait in line for about 20 minutes, but once we were seated, it was smooth sailing from there. The food presentation as well as the selection was ridiculous. It was all so beautiful and I wanted to eat EVERYTHING.Word of advice though...don't go to the bread section first. Seriously. You'll be too full to try anything else.
2	Overrated. Food mediocre not worth the wait!!!Preferred Aria's Buffet. The line was too long. You line up to pay then line up again to get a table. Once in, we discovered half of the restaurant was empty. Also didn't like that silverware were dirty. Check them before you put in mouth!OK here's the food scoop.Korean kalbi (short ribs) were CHEWY too tough for me !!! Watch out if you have dentures.Chicken wings in small pot was cute & goodSmoked salmon- too saltyBut the salmon with mandarin orange on top was good. Sushi rolls- call it rice rolls not much fishWatch out for Berry platter. A lot of squash berries plus some had molds.... Yuck!!!As for dessert, they had a good selection of gelato. I enjoyed my pistachio but not the best. My friend had the mint chocolate but it tasted like Listerine. We definitely did not get our money's worth. Aria were coming back to you.
2	Came on the Saturday after Thanksgiving. Very disappointing this time around. I used to be a huge fan of their separate dishes and especially of their Mac n cheese dishes. They removed them completely and instead put in a Mac n cheese bar. Sounds good, right? It's so much worse than their pre-made Mac. The only thing I enjoyed tonight was the 5 spice pork belly. Very lacking in the veggies and no sausages whatsoever. Only this "homemade" sausage, which wasn't even. Very disappointed.
3	The food was 50/50 half of it was great and the other half was gagged back onto the plate.Basically everything to the L of and including the prime rib / bone marrow station was very tasty and worth several trips back for.Was hoping the saving grace would be the dessert station but that was HORRIBLE I mean how do you mess up a brownie or a cupcake.....The price was decent at 38 pet adult for dinner but there are many more better buffets to choose from
5	I am not a buffet lover, being a vegetarian but the Wicked Spoon seems to have it all! My picky four year old really enjoyed himself and I enjoyed the complimentary champagne. I only went to the breakfast-lunch seating. The staff was very friendly and attentive. All food was fresh and tasted great.
2	I heard so many wonderful things about the Wicked Spoon, so when I finally tried it, I was incredibly disappointed.We went at 10:30 on a weekday. No line whatsoever. Was it our timing? I don't know. All I know is that the hot food I put on my plate was already cold when I sat down. I should've done what the husband did: get a made-to-order omelette. By that time, though, I was no longer interested in any more savory food. Cold, tough potatoes and a cold, flavorless eggs benedict will do that to you.At least the desserts were good. The chocolate covered strawberries were excellent.The hype, and the $26 price tag for brunch, set my expectations pretty high. I was pretty cranky- and not close to full- when I walked out of there. Unless someone else is buying, I won't be back.
1	Rotting fruit, watery yogurt, congealed Tabasco Macaroni and Cheese that is supposed to be good, greasy but poorly seasoned meat. Definitely the worst place I have ever been.
5	Well, I have a new favorite buffet in Vegas!  This buffet is about quality rather than quantity.  They have less options than some of the other casino buffets.  However, they still have a lot of food.  Unlike many of the other buffets, the food is portioned out in small plates.  You take the small plates as you go by.  I really like this because it helps with portion control.  It definitely helped me from eating too much.  This is located in the Cosmopolitan and it was hard to find.  It took us nearly an hour to get here from the New York New York hotel.  To be fair, we got awful directions from our front desk that involved like three hotels and a tram.  We should have just walked here on the strip.  The service was good and place was clean.  We didn't have to wait when we came here on Friday around 7pm.  However, we came during the off-season.  Anyhoo, my boyfriend and I loved this buffet.  I will come here again!
3	Don't go here on breakfast/lunch.  They serve the same menu. . Seems like leftover from the night before. I know since I ate dinner last night and then breakfast the next day.  I like the little serving dish idea:)
5	Some Quick tips;I've always gone on a weekend... expect 45 min - 90 min waits during most hours.a little hard to get to! if you enter from the ground level, head straight for the elevator that's past the first bar and follow the signs.If you don't have anything to do that day... I'd recommend going on a Sunday. It allows you to binge eat without getting too tired. Binge eating = no time for partying.Take advantage of the small portions they have here(fried chicken, mac n' cheese)... It allows you to taste everything from the sushi to the egg Benedict.Sundays also have complimentary champagne (unless they've stopped serving that).The cost is a little surprising, but remember the other buffets are similar in pricing but not nearly as good. Lastly, deserts are probably the best in Vegas
4	Wicked Spoon is bomb diggity! Selection is not as wide as some other Vegas buffets, but what they have is delish! Minus 1 star only because the seafood dept is severely lacking and I am a huge seafood fan. Desserts are on point! I prefer Wicked Spoon over Bacchanal.
5	After losing all your money during the weekend, this is the place to go on your final day of Vegas to feel like a baller again.  For $30 (plus $10 for unlimited mimosas), you can feel as good as you did when you stepped off the plane to start the weekend. Anything you can dream of for brunch you can find, and there will be plenty amazing surprises as well.  After 48 hours of drinking every minute of being awake, it was very nice to have prime rib, a bacon and egg panini, fried chicken wings, pumpkin flavored pancakes, a croissant, and pizza on my plate.  In addition to that, our server kept those champagne bottles coming (think Lil Wayne music video...but instead, replace money and cars with white kids eating breakfast, and whatever the complete opposite of Dom Perignon is).Whoever's complaining about the price, don't act like you didnt just lose $100 in craps in 5 minutes. At least you'll get something for your money here besides shattered dreams.
4	I was so excited to try this place after hearing people rave about how it's the best buffet right now. The food was okay. While walking us to our seats, the host was telling us about the Galbi but it was over cooked. The lady we spoke to over the phone earlier that day told us to wait for dinner if we wanted king crab legs but there were only snow crab legs when we got there. The dishes here are done decently and I like that they have hot and sour soup but for the price I would go with the other buffet choices out there.Our waitress and the host were friendly and took the time to chat it up with us. My favorite part of the buffet would probably be the salad/appetizer section. They had octopus, shrimps, and a watermelon salad.  I might be getting to old for buffets. I felt like I needed to be rolled out of there after eating past my limit.
4	A little pricey considering most people probably won't eat enough to cover the cost. But all in all, no complaints. Food was very good and variety was awesome. Plenty there to cover most food wants and needs, including gluten-free and lactose-free. I'm not affected by either of those really, but good to see they thought of those people who are. And when you're hungover, Wicked Spoon is a great place to get you back on track.
2	Food was meh, okay. Not amazing and life changing. Not awful. I liked the apple and kale salad, wicked Mac and cheese, and the desserts. The passion mango sorbet and chocolate covered strawberries were awesome. The price was fair - we went on a Tuesday around 11am. It was $26/person. Here is where they went wrong. My husband and I weren't aware and were never told that with that price it included a glass of champagne, mimosa, or a Bloody Mary. We could barely get our server to give us water and coffee. She seemed so annoyed being there and so she never mentioned this minor detail to us. When I heard the table next to us ask her about it when we were about to leave, she confirmed. So on our way out, I mention it to some employees standing around. Their solution? Offering me one of those drinks to go. I think they missed the point and they missed the chance to have us visit again. Will not be back. If things had been made right or at least rightish, they would get higher stars.
5	WOW! This place was amazing! We went here for our one fancy dinner in Vegas. After a long day of shopping and gambling and we were hungry! Vegas is notorious for it's buffet's and this place had great reviews. We followed the signs inside the Casino up the second floor and found the wicked spoon. There was no line and no waiting. Pretty good for a Saturday night. We paid $41 a person and we have to say it was worth well more than that! My husband's first plate was composed of prime rib, gourmet Mac n cheese, roasted potatoes, and garlic mashed potatoes. My plate had BBQ shrimp and grits (tasty combo), scallop, garden salad, and some yummy antipasto salad. We browsed more of the selections and ended at the desert area. Anything and everything you could imagine was there! I particularly loved the gelato and the Nutella and pear tart. My hubby loved the hazelnut cranberry tart. We were both so full afterwards but way impressed by the quality of the buffet food. Our waiter was hospitable and the restaurant was trendy and they played awesome music! Lots of mid 2000's jams we remember from when we first met. So many hot spots play the mindless bumping music of dumbstep so it was refreshing to hear catchy music we could understand. The food was so worth it, and if you are at the Cosmopolitan then check out Wicked Spoon! A truly gourmet buffet experience!
3	I flew into vegas on Saturday and landed at 2pm. Promptly decided that it was worth it to skip lunch and go for an early buffet dinner to 'skip the line'. Well, it was pretty much dead at 4:30pm, a good time to go guys! haha The only thing is, with the room so empty and decked out in dark wood and amber, it felt dark and danky. Maybe it's better to judge the atmosphere when it's a bit fuller. Food was okay, I expected a bit more selections. For example, they didn't have any oysters, cooked or raw, nor sashimi. Some highlights:- ceviche - so good, I had two!- seared scallops - yummy, perfectly cooked- roasted pork belly - this is in the asian aisle and we didn't see it until near the end before dessert time. I literally gasped because I love pork belly and this was delicious. Saving grace for the rest of the buffet really...- great selection of gelatoYou can skip:- the bucket of fried chicken. Looks so cute but it was dry and not seasoned. I'm afraid you misunderstood my last sentence. I don't mean under seasoned; I mean NOT seasoned.- the king crab legs. Maybe I'm spoiled because I'm from the pacific northwest and we eat seafood like fast food here. These crab legs taste like salt water. Just imagine salty water that has a texture and you've got the crab legs served at Wicked Spoon.When we left, the restaurant was starting to fill up but still no line yet. That was around 6:30pm. I think that the rush would have started anytime after that. All in all, for ~$40 for buffet, I would come back again but would probably try their brunch/lunch.
5	My friends and I LOVE Wicked Spoon! We come here every time we go to Las Vegas. We've tried other well-known buffets and nothing compares! All the food is well-made, high quality, and presented beautifully. For example, the banger n mash (available at breakfast/brunch) has a dollop of mash , then the gravy poured over it, then the banger placed on top of that along with some steamed carrots for color (beautiful to look at and delicious) and is ready to grab n go. You will get excited to try it just by the way it looks. Practically everything looks FRESH and delicious! I haven't seen anything here that makes me think, "yuck, I don't think I should eat that..." Most importantly to me, Wicked spoon has a lot of PALEO FRIENDLY FOOD! I got a plate of bacon, kale salad, pork belly, beets, artichoke hearts, and bone marrow! I scooped out the bone marrow , added a dash of salt, then mixed it into my kale salad. DELICIOUS! I would have got some prime rib, but I just don't like that cut of meat. The fattier the better, I say! This plate was just the first of a lot of different paleo-ish foods I picked.  Also, there is a fresh/custom omelet bar that will usually have a long line. I'll try that next time! The goodness doesn't stop at wicked spoon. Trust me, the long line is worth the wait!
5	We recently Tried Wynn , Cesar palace and Cosmopolitan buffets. supposedly 3 best buffets in town and in terms of food variety wicked spoon @ Cosmo and bacchanal @ Cesar palace buffets were neck to neck and top notch but the relaxed environment wise I will choose wynn's buffet. If you will be in town for several days try to avoid eating these buffet on weekends and other holidays instead go there on weekdays around 2:30pm - dinner starts at 3pm and lunch prices are way better and the dinner menu starts at 3pm.
4	I read reviews on here prior to going comparing to Caesar buffet.  we needed a lunch buffet prior to flying home so this came above Caesar due to location (it was walking dist from Vdara).the cost was $26 for lunch (online site said $23.99) but i didn't bother to ask.  We were hungry with friend from out of town so wanted to eat.the portion for each dish was enough so i tried a few things, the mushroom truffle sauce was delicious and so was the mac & cheese ( not for kid since our son love mac and cheese BUT this one was bit spicy).  meats were  lot of varieties but i didn't try it, too much from bellagio's buffet the night before already, similar compared to this one.the desserts were great, many flavors but i tried 4 diff gelato out of 12-15 and they were great.i'd recommend to try this place out when you're in LV.
4	Stayed four nights at this hotel and on last night of my stay, finally dined at their buffet. It wasn't crowded but the place was somewhat busy. The food wasn't spectacular, but good enough for me to finish everything I brought to my table. Disappointed with the crab legs. Otherwise, they had some items to make me consider coming back next time. The price was reasonable. The suite I stay in and the style of the hotel are what attract me here. And the buffet is convenient. The ambience at the buffet is appealing and somewhat unique. They think outside the box to some extent and it works. It's not the best buffet in Vegas, but I wouldn't mind eat here, especially if I stay at the hotel.
5	The food was so good especially the Italian sausage and chocolate strawberry ... Ohh my mouth is watering. I came during brunch hour on a Saturday and for three it cost around $120. It was worth coming here. My suggestion before you leave ... Grab a cup of pistachio ice cream. Plus its all you can eat buffet. :D
4	Great food nice host. We enjoyed our self. Love the food. We are still eating and loving each bite. Enjoying some great time with family friends and wifey. We are living it up in Vegas. We are still ready to party. And we aren't stopping until it's time to go. Come eat play and enjoy.
5	Bottomless mimosas for $10 extra and great service. Was a little pricey but look for but one get one coupons online and in those coupon books you get when you book into your hotel. Huge selection of breakfast, lunch, dinner and desert all before noon. Get there at 10:45 instead of 11:30 and save yourself a long wait in line. I don't get excited for buffets simply because I don't like to stuff my face and be miserable for the next few hours but if you have the willpower to not over eat or a cast iron stomach then this is a great choice.
3	Nice place! BUT the food was very salty! Great selection of deserts!!!! ( Tasted great! Including many flavor of ice-cream). Service was great! Food selection was okay. Very pricy bout $50 a person. Will consider again for second time for possible changes.
4	Wicked spoon could easily be the best buffet in Vegas IF they have a better seafood selection.Other that seafood, other stations are really great for a buffet place. The star of our meal was the bone marrow and crispy pork, and desserts.
5	The Wicked Spoon is THE BEST BUFFET ever!!! The food is flavorful and savory, when you eat somewhere, 5 or 6 months later, you will probably forget all about it,  but at the wicked spoon, it is so flavorful and delicious that the flavor will stay in your mouth and you'll remember it forever! On of the best food in the world!!! Are you going to Vegas??? You better stop by The Wicked Spoon to have the most amazing food ever!!
4	Wicked spoon is not your typical buffet. They offer a variety of well thought of gourmet dishes. The dishes reflect Cosmopolitan's "Right amount of wrong". From the bone marrow, lamb shanks and truffle risotto, it's just the right amount of wrong to look for in a good dining experience.  I can see how a lot of people wouldn't like it because you don't find the usual stuff you get from a typical buffet. They do have a lot of stuff that you don't typically find on other buffet/restaurant. Quality of food is excellent. Fresh and prepared creatively. If your looking for a unique dining experience this is the place to go.
1	What a waste of time and money. My favor of this place is the salad.Korean BBQ rib is not chewable, Mac and cheese is basically Mac and cheese sauce, bone marrow is 90% pure fat, serving red wine in white wine glass, and not to mention  they serve hot and sour soup in 5 stars hotel.
2	DON'T COME HERE FOR DINNER, go for lunch!!Dinner for my date and I was $101!CONS:-1 star off because we called to ask them what the price was for dinner on Friday and they said $41. When we got there is was actually $47 a pop. Why do you lie to me Wicked Spoon, why? This is a buffet and there is only 1 price tag for that night's meal so it does make me wonder if this was even an accident. Also there was not a lot of people there that night.-1 star off because food was MEH. Crab legs were small and too salty. Bone marrow was nothing special at all. I heard it was famous, but my mom buys beef bones at the grocery store for $1 per lbs to make soup broth and when I eat the marrow it tastes just like the ones they serve here... bland and unflavored fatty marrow. So why they are hyped up, I don't quite get. :(. Korean bbq was too salty, sushi selection was just bad. Ramen bar was super adorable but not good :(. I enjoyed the mushroom truffle pasta and all the shrimp in their dishes were very large and juicy! But overall despite the really cute and pretty display, the food did not wow me, especially for the price tag.-1 star off because of the price. For their dinner deal there was NOTHING SPECIAL HERE. Unless you count the crab legs which was really weak. I would say go here for lunch only if you pay half the price for the same thing, then that would totally be worth it.PROS:+1 star because the food is displayed beautifully and the little containers and mini pots for the food is soooo adorable. :3.+1 star because although the food was not up to par for $$$, the venue is gorgeous and the DESSERT BAR WAS GLORIOUS. So many options. :)
5	Oh Wicked Spoon my new favorite LV buffet ... where to begin? First of all the decor alone was that of an upscale restaurant (unlike most other Vegas buffets) which I loved!  The server was super nice and kept my mimosas coming which is important to me at a buffet. The mimosas tasted like they were made with fresh OJ as opposed to the crappy stuff. The lunch buffet was $60 total for my boyfriend and I PLUS drinks which is great!! Don't go to a Vegas buffet and complain about spending money they are all mostly the same prices.. The food was amazing they has so many things to choose from and it was all HOT and fresh (which is rare at buffets as well) The Korean BBQ and fried chicken were two of my favorites not to mention the angry mac & cheese.   There was so much I didn't even get a chance to try after I already had at least 9 food items. The dessert was my main concern and it pretty much ALL blew me away. The gelato and mini cakes were all so good and moist. Everything tasted fresh nothing stale at all.. The cookies sitting there were even warn. Carrot cake and gelato was on point! I've been to most of the buffets and this one was the best so far! Of course Cosmo has the best of everything!
5	One of the best buffets of my life. No joke. Line was long for it, so that's a good sign but that's the case with all Vegas buffets. It's about $50 a head on Saturdays for dinner. Good selection of many things. Highlights for me include: freshly cut prime rib, medium rare with a great crust. Leg of lamb. Crab legs already split for you, no cracking necessary. It's crack-a-lacking. Truffle Risotto. Macarons. Gelato. Bone marrow. Shrimp and grits. Shrimp cocktail and ceviche. Everything else was really good and very un-buffet like but those were the star attractions for me personally. Obviously it's not for everyone and it depends on your taste buds. It seems they offer things seasonally or only once in a while so not everything is always the same each time you come. I had so much seafood and prime rib that I got my money back in my belly in no time and then some! Great buffet, I can't wait to come back and try some of the other Vegas buffets but thus far, one of the best for me.
5	Best buffet I've been to. I like the small plates concept, because it makes for better portion control. Salmon is usually overcooked and hard firm, mine was perfect. It's all been said already, but I loved it. Best money I spent here.
2	Dinner buffet was pricey and didnt live up to the price. The dessert selection wasnt as diverse as the one display on yelp pictures. Totally disappointed even with all the 4 stars overall reviews by yelpers.
4	Had lunch for the second time there. Really good buffet with veriaty of foods as well as amazing deserts. Consider myself a big fan of restaurants, I liked the quality of food especially the meat section here. Breakfast section was also good. The only complain is about sea food section which didn't have much verity and quality wasn't top notch. Other complain which applies to almost all good buffets in Vegas is that you have pay more on holidays. So be aware of that. If you are fan of sea food, definitely look somewhere else otherwise this is the place to fill your Vegas appetite.
2	Used be told that this buffet is one of the greatest one in Las Vegas, and that is the reason we choose here for Lunch. However we find out that this restaurant is highly over-priced, and there are more than 3 reasons it is rated only at 2 stars:1. The food variety: there are so few choices. I used to have the lunch buffet in Paris hotel 4 years ago, and that has about 3 times more different food than this one. The restaurant space is quite small, For the meet, there is only: Galbi, beef, ham; and the Japanese sushi and Chinese food are worse than any two star restaurants. Btw, there is no mexican food, and the French food are basically: three different cheese. On the other hand, I have to say, there are tens of different deserts, and they are really really SWEET! So sweet that you can only have no more than 5 of them and then you are full!2. The food quality: For the desert, it is too sweet to be eat healthy. For the Japanese food, it looks cheap, only four different sushi (California, Fried shrimp, vege, and one another fish). For the Chinese food, only broccoli, steam rice?. For the Korean food, only the Galbi, nothing more. For American food, two pizza choices + one sandwich. Really. The steak tastes pretty good, which I think it suppose should be good for a $$$ buffet. Besides that, the yogurt is the only best thing we like.3. The price: highly, highly overpriced. For one person, the price is 42$ after tax. While the quality and food variety makes me feel I am in a $ buffet. The price would be reasonable match the food/services it provided if it is around 20$.BTW, there is a long, long line for both payment (you pay first before you get in the waiting line), and a long, long line for waiting to be seated. In 11:30, there are around 40 people wait in the to-be-seated line, and 50 people wait in the payment line. How crazy it is? I think most of them are like me: have no idea about what they are going to experience, and they wait there for the hope to have a nice buffet. The conclusion: I will never come to this "Wicked spoon" buffet again!
4	I was curious about trying the Wicked Spoon Buffet because of the mixed reviews and my friends told me it was one of the best buffets. At that time, me and my Mom were leaning towards eating at, The Buffet, at the Bellagio but we wanted to try something new and went with the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.Just walking from the strip towards the Wicked Spoon was a challenge on it's own. Walking through the casino towards the West Tower, then up the escalator through the long hallway, and you're there! Phew!!The Buffet was much cheaper then the Bellagio Buffet so that was a plus and the decor was very chic and modern, just like the rest of the Cosmo. Service was excellent, the layout of Wicked Spoon took sometime to navigate, food was great but not excellent. The individual pots and plates used to pick up the food was fun, but when it came time to clear out the table, it would just pile up until our waitress noticed. Dessert was declious and I loved the variety of fresh fruit, cakes, ice cream, and sweets to spoil your sweet tooth. We came during lunch time, so I'll just have to see how their dinner goes. Until next time!
5	This was a totally wicked buffet. I don't know why you would rate this less than 3 stars. I would suggest the apple crumble and the strawberry balsamic from the desert bar (no, the ice cream doesn't taste like vinegar). They also have the BEST garlic bread and pita chips. Everything is very fresh. Also we called most of the buffets and they had like 2 hours wait, and we only waited like 10 minutes or less. It was pricey, but if you have a kid you pay $18 (ages 4-13) . I would eat here everyday :)
4	THE best Sunday brunch I ever had.  The food was outstanding, everything was delicious.  If you don't mind standing in a short line to get in, then you'll be happy too.
4	Although I keep saying that I'm over buffets, I've been wanting to check out Wicked Spoon for a while and I'm glad I finally got to come!I couldn't find the price on the Cosmopolitan website, but I saw somewhere else that weekend dinner was $41. When we arrived it was $47 (on a Sunday), so I don't know if this was a special holiday price or if the other website was just wrong. It's $10 extra for unlimited wine, which you serve yourself through those cool wine dispensers. We arrived around 4:30 so there was no wait and we were seated immediately. Highlights for me included the prime rib and prime rib bones, mushroom risotto and the canellini beans with braised beef (which I really need the recipe for!) The fried chicken wings were nice and crispy and I also liked the mini shepherds pie. I just wish I had room for the mac & cheese bar! Disappointments included the puny crab legs with no butter and surprisingly - the desserts. The gelato and the chocolate covered strawberries were good, but I wish there was a bigger and better dessert selection overall.I would definitely be interested in returning, but I need to lose some weight or buy bigger, more elastic pants first!
4	As a vegetarian diner, I felt the price ($42+tax) was overpriced, but I tried to get the most bang for my buck. I got multiple servings of their exotic desserts, especially the sugar-free cakes, mango mousse cake, and pistachio gelato. I really could eat them all day long! The angry mac and cheese gave the perfect kick of hot and cheesy goodness, served in adorable tiny pots with mini-handles! I'd recommend this place if you're looking to try novel foods with interesting presentation, because most other food options here can be found at other buffets with cheaper admission fees on the Strip.
1	No crab legs for lunch time!!! No seafood at all. Too disappointed!! Holiday price is $42 for lunch. Waiting time is around 30 mins at around 10:30am. I have to say gelato and Korean kalbi are really good! Other than these, they are all ordinary.
2	Meh. Came here 3 years ago and recently visited again. About $40 for brunch and an additional $10 for mimosas/bloody marys. Wait time prior to getting seated was about an hour. There's 1 line to pay and 1 line to get seated.Food was alright. Didn't have a particular favorite and wasn't wow-ed by anything. There is pork belly, kalbi ribs, prime rib, bone marrow, and the crabs rolled in at around 3p. I liked the kale salad and farro salad but I was here to get fat. Dessert, although presentation wise looked appealing, were not that great. I'd stick with the gelatos and chocolate covered strawberries. Our server was attentive but chefs didn't seem happy to be there.Honestly, it'll probably be another 3 years for me to visit again. Over-priced for what they have to offer. I'd wait longer and pay more for Bacchanal.
3	The ceviche was great,  and the mini shepherd's pie was tasty too. The price is high,  and the selection isn't quite as good as the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace, but this is still a good choice. Definitely try to find out ahead of time what the wait looks like: we were in line for about an hour or so.
3	$35 for lunch buffet (was here on 12/22/13)everything here is great. I enjoyed many of the items here. I only wish that they have crab legs. For $35 i don't expect to see king crabs, but at least snow crabs; plus it was a holiday weekend that I visited. everything here is presented "cutely" which makes the food looks good, however it actually tasted good. The fried chicken here was much better than Bacchanal's. The chicken actually had taste and it was not dry.i really enjoyed the sirloin, it was perfectly cooked and was juicy.Most of their pasta dishes were good, from their mushroom risotto to angry mac and cheese -- all tasted way better than Bacchanal's, i thought.Their cured meat selections were just meh. I liked Bacchanal's way better for that. Sushi section was sad; all cheap sushi rolls and no nigiri, just plain regular sushi rolls with fake crab meat (not even california rolls). it's like the korean version of sushi. I didn't eat anything from that section. Desserts were decent: their chocolate dipped strawberries were big and to be honest i did find Bacchanal's dessert section much better.Overall the experience at Wicked Spoon is how i expected. It was good and different - a place for those who cares about presentations.
1	Waited 1.5 hours to pay and another hour to be seated. The buffet ran out of food - no prime rib or meats! Great desserts.
4	LONG LINES... but worth it if you can eat.My family (4 people including me) came at 6pm and waited 2 hours to be seated for dinner. We stood in line to pay and thought, "Oh line isn't so bad." HOWEVER we soon noticed the other long line to get seated... Some people have a representative stand in line while the rest wander or sit elsewhere (near outlets for example). The quality of food here is better than that at other Vegas buffets (such as the one at Wynn). I liked the mac and cheese I got to put together at the mac and cheese bar, but it's heavy so don't eat much of it if you want to make space for other stuff at the buffet!! The kalbi (korean bbq) here is way too tough; I had to chew forever and I eventually just spat some of it out. I looked through some of the pics on Yelp, and I didn't see all those gooooooood desserts when I went to Wicked Spoon hmmph.... there were very few desserts out..... but the ice cream was really good mmmmmmm. Same with the chocolate covered strawberries.I can't eat much, so I definitely didn't eat $50 worth... I'm not a buffet person, but I just really wanted to try this place out because it had such good reviews on Yelp. You would think that after starving in line for 2 hours, I would be able to eat way more... but that was unfortunately not the case. I highly recommend this place for hungry people with large appetites!
2	We stayed at the Cosmo during Thanksgiving week. We checked out Wicked Spoon at lunch on Thanksgiving day. We were a party of three. We waited for more than an hour to get a table. What concerned us was that parties of 6+ down the line were accommodated first. It was aggravating as we thought the line was a first come first served system. As we waited patiently, more bigger parties down the line were passing us. We talked to the manager, his flippant response was that there were more tables for big parties. I say great customer service does not discriminate on the size of your party. No, I'm not going back to this place.
4	Not bad.  Got there at 11:30 on a Friday. Waited about 30 min totalBrunch was $39 ppNo real nigiri sushi or shrimp.  I was expecting some crab legs but there were none. Wait staff was attentive and courteous.
1	We came here for a lunch buffet and it was $39 a person. I am not sure how some other reviewer paid only $35 a few days before us (12/26/2013). The good thing about this place is the decoration. Other than that everything about the food sucks. There is no barely any choice for main dish such as sirloin steak or Korean BBQ.  There is no seafood at all; no crab, no mussel, no squid. The sushi station is horrible and they have California roll and spider roll only. The California roll was made with imitation crab meat. They serve scramble egg for lunch. Who would want to eat that at 5 star hotel? In summary, overpriced food and lack of variety to eat and cheap food not fit for a 5 star hotel. I will never come here again for the food.
1	Wasn't impressed at all. A lot of different dishes, but none delicious. Everything was ok or worst. Huge lines, aprox 1 hour waiting. Every food was really cold. Desserts looked good but didn't taste 20% as good as it looked. Anyway, overpriced, cold food and not impressed at all. Spent $85 for 2 people. With that amount we could've gone to a very fancy and delicious french, italian or stake restaurant.
2	4 hour wait for lunch?! Are you kidding me?!?
2	Very disappointing. So many better buffets than this. Even their California roll sucked.
5	This buffet is amazing!  The line to enter the buffet has never been extremely long in my experience but even if you do have to wait in a hour long line, it is well worth it.  The waiters/waitresses are friendly, very attentive, and pay attention to whenever you have any empty plates or cups at your table.  I have rarely had to catch the waiter/waitress's attention to get a refill on any drink.  Next, the food is of a very high quality.  I have not disliked any dish I have tried and every dish tastes amazing and as though it had been made to order.  Many dishes are professionally prepared on individual platters which is aesthetically pleasing and adds to the experience.  There is a huge selection of food and desert, none of which is not of good quality.The price is rather expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case because everything about this place is amazing.10/10 for food, 10/10 for service, 8/10 for price.Overall, this buffet is definitely worth going to and is a must if you are in Vegas for vacation!Other comparable buffets:Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars PalaceThe Buffet at the Wynn
3	Spend $50 on brunch here the other day and I'm not sure it was worth it......granted gratuity was included but it was still a $40+ price tag just for the meal itself. They were running a holiday special menu at the time, so i guess i had pretty high expectations...On to the food itself, I really enjoyed the risotto and the bone marrow that they had. As far as other dishes, I think they were just average at best. (REALLY hoped for more sushi selections...)
4	AMAZING food, the dessert section was probably the best part. Only problem was that we had to wait 2 1/2 hours for it... but what can you do? Good food=a long wait. Unfortunately, our server also was not the greatest AT FIRST. When we were just going to ask what types of sodas they had, she literally rolled her eyes and sighed as loudly as she could and walked away. Then later, she for some reason became very attentive and cleaned up our plates right away, etc. I don't know what changed her mind but that is just the experience we had with their service. Overall, BEST buffet we went to in vegas, MUCH better than bacchannal(IMO).
5	There were so many options of prime food available here. Depending on when you arrive, you will be able to find delicacies such as walnut french toast for breakfast or fresh king crab legs and juicy leg of lamb for lunch and dinner. I do believe they have permanent installations of other food such as korean bbq and american buttermilk fried chicken. But in addition, they serve their sweet desserts around the clock, with their Italian gelato as their keynote. On another note, they also serve a wide variety of vegetarian friendly dishes that one can choose from. The quantity of the food they serve equals the quality of food and service. For each serving station, they have a handful of chefs that maintain the great quality of the food. Their servers will also keep you hydrated with the complimentary drink, and the aforementioned stations can even receive personalized requests. The $42 buffet price is really worth it all. One just better come hungry!
4	We had brunch at Wicked Spoon the morning before we came home. I didn't expect much because it was brunch on a weekday, most brunches are the same to me. The food was decent, nothing I did not like or hated. The service was pretty good. We had unlimited mimosas and the server was great about keeping our flutes filled or bringing us our next glass. I'd want to try this buffet for dinner though, it'll probably surprise me since the ratings have been pretty good.
3	WARNING: I'm about to go into full detail of every aspect of Wicked Spoon so if you just want the quick version skip to the bottom!I kid you not, I sampled almost everything. So here goes.Asian: Don't be lured in by the ridiculously cute takeout boxes. The ddukboki, or Korean spicy rice cakes were horrendous. Any Korean who tried that probably swore shibal because they were absolutely horrible. I don't ever eat rice or Panda Express type dishes at buffets, that's just dumb. Sushi rolls looked unappealing. Nigiri had a lot of rice but the salmon was fresh. Kalbi short ribs were pretty decent, tender and marinated well maybe a little under seasoned. Star of the section was pork belly. I really had to stop myself from eating a whole block. Slather on the hoisin sauce, how did they know it would complement the fatty cuts so well?!Italian: Bleu cheese and short ribs pizza was a no go. The meat was tough, under seasoned, and dry. Mussels had no flavor even though they were swimming in sauce. Risotto was rich and creamy but I'm no connoisseur. Pasta cavatappe next to it was yummy. Meatballs were tender, nothing spectacular. Rice was bland. Brussels sprouts were not good. Meat station: Shepherds pie had a really funky taste that I didn't enjoy. They were really cute served in a mini skillet though. Candied yams are my weakness. I mean marshmallows and yams, hello. Prime rib was sooo delicious. Get two slices minimum. Bone marrow intrigued me but I didn't like the texture. It was just really fatty and oily in my mouth. Not pleasant at all. The huge ribs next to the prime rib were sad. Not tender, not seasoned, overcooked. The fingerlings in duck confit were not good. I didn't taste anything unique or duck-like. Fried chicken was ok. Not super crispy or spectacularly seasoned, once again. Man, I think the head chef might have been sick cause I'm now seeing a pattern. I'm Asian, we like our food well seasoned!!!Salads: Watermelon with balsamic dressing was a nice, juicy, and refreshing bite. Kale salad was worth trying. And the soup, which was unlabeled, was ok. Nothing else worth trying except maybe the ceviche. Seafood section: Get the Mac and cheese with prime rib. Those were like little nuggets of gold swimming in a cheesy pool. Tender and a little fatty and oh so delicious with the cheese sauce. Salmon was cooked perfectly with this tangy white sauce and buttery butternut squash bed. Dessert: This was the absolute star of the show both in taste and presentation. See the picture of my plate to see how much I enjoyed myself here. Two words: pistachio gelato. Hands down, the best pistachio flavor I've ever tasted. Seriously like eating a mouthful of toasted pistachios in every spoonful. It was so nutty and creamy. This is how pistachio gelato should taste. Strawberry balsamic was unique but I didn't get that much of the balsamic flavor. Salted peanut caramel really fell short for me. The apple caramel puff is really deceiving to the eye because it looks like a toasted meringue sitting on a little tartlet. The puff is filled with this tangy and slightly sweet green apple custard on a thick, gooey caramel. It was a beautiful sensation of flavors and textures in your mouth. Skip the molten chocolate cake (and most of the chocolate desserts actually) and go for the warm apple crumble. That warm apple crumble was heavenly, I couldn't stop eating it! It was warm and cinnamony with the perfect crunchy topping, ugh, magical. The white chocolate mousse cone brought the child out in me. It's like the bottom part of the drumstick cone that's filled with the surprise chocolate nugget but instead with yummy white chocolate mousse. The carrot cake was perfect. Orange macaron was too crunchy and sugary.Final verdict: Wicked Spoon did not wow me as I had hoped for. Maybe I had my expectations set too high but if I'm going to be paying $50+ for a buffet it better be damn good. I think I really expected for this buffet to be filled with unique and innovative dishes. There was mostly traditional dishes that they attempted to revamp but failed to execute well. I would not wait more than 30 min on a normal weekend and 1 hour on a holiday weekend. If it's going to take longer, go somewhere else. If you are looking for lots of variety and amazing seafood, this is not the buffet for you. However, this buffet is worth checking out if you love dessert and appreciate beautiful presentations of food. The ambiance is gorgeous and hip. The staff is friendly. But the food is just ok. This buffet is slightly overhyped. A cool scene to hang out in since it's in the new Cosmo hotel and all, but overhyped, definitely overhyped. My advice: Do the $18 express take out box deal if you're not willing to commit $40+ on the buffet. You get to sample as much as gourmet food you can fit in a Togo box (without overeating too much) for less than 20 bucks. I don't know if you get to forgo the line but it's a pretty sweet deal if you ask me!
5	This is the most dangerous place for a person like me to be in. I am greedy when it comes to food. I tend to overestimate my own food-consumption capability. If you're like me aka you have eyes that love to eat, you will love Wicked Spoon. The 2hrs line is worth waiting for. Just errr try to make sure you eat for around 2hrs as well. Haha So, their system is: 1. Line up to pay for buffet (around $50 per person for brunch - this includes tax)2. Line up to get seatedOnce all this lining up is done.. Go cray. Non alcoholic drinks are free of charge and they change up the food from time to time. I only got a tiny bite of their mac-n-cheese. It was so sad because they were so delicious! The thing that impresses me the most are:- small paper Chinese to-go boxes that they used to serve Korean dishes (they've got some really creative serving plates)- chocolate covered strawberries (I don't know why but this never ceases to impress me)- their mac-n-cheese- their meat stationHmmm.. The only things they sucked at are the Korean dishes haha their tteokbokki and galbi are pretty bad.
2	Wicked spoon was wicked gross. Tried to go to caesar's buffet but alas it was sold out. Decided to give wicked spoon a shot. Maybe it was because I had high expectations from anticipating caesar's buffet, but I definitely was disappointed by wicked spoon this evening. Everything was ok, but I expect more from a buffet on the strip ($47 / person!). The selection was mediocre and the execution of dishes was subpar. For example, the fried chicken was slightly soggy and wasn't crispy enough. I was super stoked that they had bone marrow but the bread accompanying the marrow was super dry and was toasted far too long. Unfortunately, I will never come back here.
2	Wicked Spoon is wicked bad. Seriously, I mostly ate the vegetarian and desserts dishes to fill me up. The Korean short ribs were hard and not warm. You can't even chew it. The ramen - don't even get me there....the soup was super salty. The crab legs were alright. I don't remember eating anything spectacular. I'm so glad I didn't wait an hour for this. The atmosphere and table settings looked very nice. Too bad the food lacked a lot. I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas and Wicked Spoon is the worst of all buffets in my experience. Better off going to the Bacchanal Buffet at Ceasars.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas and I consider myself a buffet-lover!  Wicked Spoon is on the high-end of the buffet spectrum with individual servings, unique (but tasteful) combinations of food, great service, and impeccable presentation.  It is expensive, but you're paying for quality of food and convenience of having a huge variety of quality foods.  You expect crappy food at a cheap buffet, right?  Exact opposite at Wicked Spoon.
2	This place used to be excellent but the food quality has really gone down hill. Prime rib and short ribs were not tender. Pasta bar used to be better. Sushi was just OK. Dessert bar was still very good but they started running out of gelato and were limiting the portions.
3	Just left and I'm extremely full. Please note, the food deserves at least 4 stars, but I had some issues with the workers. I enjoyed the foods from the Italian, salad, and sea food stations. Everything I tried made me clear my plate. But, my issues (and lower star rating) come from the lack of an interesting Asian station, and there was no one at the Mac&cheese station... Disappointment. Also, there was a lack of professionalism at the dessert station, for 2 employees were arguing loudly. F-bombs flying and very poor choice of language for an area with children!! I highly recommend the wicked spoon and it's food. Hopefully it can get its employees under control.
2	Had high expectations after seeing endless lines this week, so we went. First, the official website doesn't list prices so we relied on other listings.  We found it at $41 for Sunday night but when we got there is was $47! Then the line to be seated was short but we had to wait about five or six minutes just to get escorted to a table.  While all the photos you see give the impression that there is a huge variety, the offerings were not all that great.  For instance, in the "Asian" area, there were very few offerings. No pot stickers. No sweat and sour chicken. Just a couple of sushis. In the salad area there was no lettuce to be built up with additions such as peas, onions, bell peppers, etc., and no selection of dressings.  They do have several 'prepared' salads but nothing appetizing. They did have several pizza offerings in small slices (not a big problem since you can have unlimited numbers.) I didn't even see the 'Italian' section.We might not have been so disappointed but the hype was big and we had just been to the MGM Grand Buffet last night and it was cheaper and much, much better.
4	Let me start by saying that Wicked Spoon is not like other buffets that I've been to in Las Vegas. It is also not Golden Corral (which is a good thing). Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which if you're unfamiliar, is a relatively new and very chic hotel. They play up their chic ambiance in the buffet too. The space itself is lovely. Plush comfortable seating, tables are close but not uncomfortably close. You feel almost like you're in a lounge rather than a buffet. But do not fret, friends, the food is there just waiting for consumption by the masses. At Wicked Spoon, it's about presentation as well as. Their food is presented in small plates, single serve portions, as well as more self-service options. There is a salad station with a variety of small plated salads, charcuterie, pasta station, brunch food (I was there for brunch), Asian station, carving station, and a very large dessert station. Everything we ate was delicious; I can't remember every single dish but I will name my favorites. Watermelon salad with balsamic vinegar, pesto, and garnished with Mascarpone cheese, pasta with braised beef short ribs, bacon cured in house, sushi, and Angry Mac and Cheese (mac and cheese with a kick). I appreciated the small portions of the food. I was able to indulge and try multiple dishes without feeling terribly guilty. Dessert was amazing. They have different types of ice creams, gelatos, cakes, and cookies. I had the Thai ice cream- tastes just like Thai Ice Tea and gingerbread. At $42.00/ person for brunch, it is probably one of the more expensive buffets on the strip. For  $10 more you can upgrade for bottomless mimosas, champagne, or a Bloody Mary. Not bad overall.
4	This was one of the best LV buffets I've had and I've had my fill of buffets. I would have given it 5 stars but for the sheer disappointment with the mac and cheese station. I had such high expectations, but the mac and cheese was just a soupy, gooey, cheesy mess. The rest, however, made the pricey meal ticket worth it. Some of my favorites: tomato soup, lamb panini, fried chicken, mushroom risotto, carnitas tacos, and the ENTIRE dessert buffet.Not sure if I'd go back again because of the price tag, but I'm glad I was able to enjoy it once.
4	Have been here for second time. Have to say their quality is going down. I can give them five stars for last year. The bone definitely taste different with last year. It was their favorite dish. Now I have to say, I barely can find good buffet this year. All of the places just been spoiled too much. They no longer provide quality food which match their price. Maybe it's time to give up buffet in Las Vegas:(
2	This place is so mediocre compared to Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace. We went for dinner on Christmas Eve. The wait was 2+ hours and not worth it. The food is okay. Paella, brussels sprouts, steak, and fried chicken weren't fresh at all, and quite salty.  I did enjoy the kale salad and the passion fruit chiffon dessert, but those alone can't justify paying $50 a head.Just do yourself a favor and go to Caesar's Palace.
2	Came at 3pm on a Saturday on the recommendation of family.  From the outside the decorations looked so beautiful and luxe that we expected the same of the food but sadly it was not great.  $40 per person plus tip for hot food that was cold and over salted, chewy meat.  We were so disappointed.The only parts we enjoyed were the cold foods (that were meant to be cold). If I pay that much for a meal I expect a lot more.  Preferred the buffet at the Wynn hands down.
4	I wish I could remember what the food tasted like. But my boyfriend liked it, so I'm giving them 4 stars for this review. His favorite item from wicked spoon was the bone marrow. "It was so amazing" HahaThe plating and presentation of the food was appetizing and appealing too. The cost per person was about $45-50 a person. I would definitely come back here again, this time sober. Hahha
5	Without a doubt, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. Will definitely return for bottomless mimosas!
2	This review is for the Breakfast Brunch on 12/24 only - at Christmas pricing. We got here at about 1pm. And yeah... $42 a person... for brunch. There was nothing here that justified the pricing!I only had the Korean Kalbi, top sirloin, a slice of turkey, a cocktail shrimp in a shot glass, a piece of pork belly. And dessert. That's it! I didn't want anything from the omelet bar... It was past 2pm! Where's the seafood... The crab legs... Nothing! $42?! Serious?!
4	Our party of 4 came on a Saturday evening and was promptly seated. $47 per person is pretty expensive, but after all.. it is a Vegas buffet in a nice hotel. It's a really big area with a lot of tables that aren't stuck together like some other restaurants, which I enjoyed. I hate when I have to get in and out of my chair to get plates of food and always have to excuse myself to the person next to me! It was not that loud either, which was good. Our server was really nice and came every 5 minutes to check up on us for drinks or empty plates. They give you coffee in a huge mug and if you ask for tea, they give you earl grey breakfast with an adorable pot of honey.The food!: They have an extensive selection of seafood, meats, and veggies. Cheeses, dips, olives, salads, salmon, fresh fruit, crab, slabs of bacon, sheperd's pie, paella, ribeye, meatballs, risotto, etc.. The ingredients used were obviously high quality, fresh, and cooked to perfection. I liked that though they had a smaller selection than other places, almost every dish was delicious.  However, the dessert area was a bit of a disappointment! French macaron was a mysterious orange color with a strange buttercream frosting-texture ganache; it was also crunchy and hard and broke as soon as I tried to grab it with the tongs. None of the tarts were good, they were all soggy and soft and either too sweet, or too bland. The redeeming factor was the chocolate covered strawberries and the little gelato bar.
1	Too bad. Never come back for $50 and nothing to eat at all. Meat is not good and not many different kinds to choose
3	I'll give it a 3.5/5 but the rating bar doesn't let me do half marks. Price: typical fancy Vegas buffet, so it ranges from $45-50 a person. We went during the Christmas/New Years season so we got 'holiday' pricing, which was $47 a person. Food: There's a variety, but I kept noticing that it centered a lot on Asian foods. And as a person who adores Asian food, and being in Vegas, you can definitely expect the Asian food to be only of mediocre status, so sadly I wasn't impressed. Especially since I've heard amazing reviews from before. There was Japanese (sushi rolls, sashimi & miso soup), Korean (pork belly meat, ddukboki, "kimchi" friend rice, & kalbi meat), Chinese (rice, udon, dumplings) Seafood (Snow & Alaskan crabs, muscles, shrimp, shrimp ceviche), Italian (risotto, meatballs, pizza,), Meats (prime rib, bone marrow, others...) Mexican (pork tacos) and a small selection for bread/cheese (four cheeses) and salad.^^Notice how the list gets smaller and smaller as it gears away from Asian food (although, this isn't the whole dinner list..just as much as I can remember). The sashimi I'm pretty sure exactly of the highest quality, since the tuna meat was light red. All the Korean food was just alright. There wasn't anything I would go back to get seconds for. However, the fried pork belly meat was redeeming. The seafood was great, specifically the shrimp ceviche!! They also have salmon of inconsistent quality. I got a plate and it was dry, but my friend got a plate and it was SO moist and delicious. I'd definitely recommend it if you can get a moist piece! The meat was very good - props on the prime rib and bone marrow. I'm glad that people other than Asian cultures are understanding that they're wasting animal parts by just eating the obvious meat-y parts on an animal. Italian nicely done, but the Mexican could've used more work. Salads were okay tasting and I'm not a cheese fanatic, but the brie didn't even taste good (and I love brie). I'm not a sweet fanatic, but the dessert section was quite phenomenal. I LOVED the ice cream section and the amazing chocolate dipped strawberries covered in either crushed oreos or toffee. The other small cake pieces were okay. A lot of it was of mushy texture and I'm not a fan, but other might be so definitely give it a try. It's definitely an impressive selection of desserts. However, don't bother with the macaroons. Not worth it. Service was great. They were on top of it like CHAMPS. Bravo, especially considering how ridiculously full it was!!
2	Came here for the brunch and was actually a little disappointed after reading all of these stellar reviews.  This is a $40/person buffet, throw me some decent seafood or cuts of meat in there!  Instead a lot of rice dishes, pastas, rib eye, etc.  Not that they weren't good, just not $40 good.  I was pretty surprised that we walked in without a wait at 1pm, but maybe that should've been my hint...
5	Located In The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas on The Famous Las Vegas Strip. This may be the best buffet in Las Vegas. They have done something quite clever here, the portions are pre plated in small sizes so you get to try everything without passing out. The choices here are interesting and you try them all without needing to be rolled out of the place. It is well worth the price. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Visits: 1stRating: 4*One of the best buffets in Vegas. In our opinion, Bacchanal is better. Although some cousins like Wicked the best. It's a spar between these two heavy weights whenever you ask friends & family. So you can't go wrong with either.Lots of selections. Beautiful presentation. And the food tastes great. We don't do lunch at buffets, just dinner. Dinner always has a better selection at a slightly higher price of course, but it's worth it.
1	The 102$ fee for two people was a total waste. We stood in line for about half an hour only to get in another line to get served a small serving of sirloin that was cold!! All other food was gross. The Korean ribs were flavorless an cold. The steamed rice was burnt!!! How do you burn steam rice!!!! I love sweets and I didn't even like one of them and omg, they had a lot to choose from.  OMG !!! If i give one star is only because of the macaroni and cheese bar. Everything else was disgusting and cold. Do not waste your money here !!! I rather eat mc Donald's and I hate mc Donald's!!!! My boyfriend had to go throw up after eating here ! I'm glad there was a restroom right outside !
5	One of the best buffets I've been to. Reasonable price for what you get. There's a huge choice of hot and cold food and the desert is fantastic. Our drinks servers was great. For a couple of London lads we was surprised. However I do believe there should be a good separate que system for those staying at The Cosmopolitan.
2	Just okay. Arrived here for dinner the day after Christmas around 5:30pm. With a 2 hour wait, I had pretty high expectations and it was no where close to reaching it. I still prefer the Bachannal or Wynn's buffet even if there was no line. Maybe Wicked Spoon had a bad night when I arrived but I was disappointed. In terms of food, definitely felt more twilights than highlights. I only liked 3 items that I picked out.Twilights: There wasn't a lot of selection since I avoid and discriminate against a lot of asian food for the more expensive items. The prime rib was not good and I didn't even know about the other meat selection they had because the carver just kept throwing prime rib on people's plate. KBBQ short rib was difficult to chew, crab legs were skinny with little meat. Pizza was mediocre. Macarons texture was off. Highlights: Seared Salmon was good. Never had salmon at medium rare like that. Macaroni and cheese bar was nice when there was no line. Moose cake was surprisingly delicious. Our waitress was nice enough to bring out some very fresh Mint Tea with honey as I was eating dessert so that was nice. If you see a long line outside of the Wicked Spoon that's going to last at least 1 hour long, it's not exactly going to be worth your time unless this is your first buffet in Vegas. I felt there were more selections and better desserts at the Bachannal and Wynn.
4	Went during new years holiday. Crazy long lines price of lunch buffet 40.00 plus. Add unlimited mimosas before 2 for 10.00. Not bad.  The lunch menu is a pretty good selection and delicious. Omelets are still being prepared,  fresh smoothies in glass sealed jars, desert menu on point. my top lunch buffet.  Next time I'm trying dinner hopefully there is seafood
5	Very good value! I added $10 for the bottomless wine. The server was really nice, offering refills on the wine before I had even finished my glass and said I could take the rest to go. Of course with buffets there's always a lot of filler stuff. To get the best value for your dollar, I'd definitely focus on the crab legs (cold), shrimp cocktail, ceviche, prime rib, cooked shrimp and mussels, and Korean BBQ. They also had tasty garlic bread and some nice veggie dishes too if you get tired of meat and seafood. For dessert, make sure to try the gelato! I had the sugarfree chocolate and it was so good! You would never guess it was sugarfree. The salted peanut was also really good. Next time I'll save more room so that I can try even more flavors!
5	$25 brunch buffet with bottomless mimosa and a wide variety of food and dessert.Best buffet I've ever been to. The decoration is beautiful as well.This place even satisfy my mom and sister, who are very picky when it comes to buffet.Thank you Wicked Spoon for making my family happy !
5	It's like Top Chef decided to open a buffet of their creations and I was the judge of a long line of delicious dishes. I'd want to have a huge gathering here for my birthday before hitting the clubs on the strip.     Took the splurge and went to dinner here last Saturday and it was well worth the $47.  To me, the ambiance of this buffet sets it apart from others on the strip: modern decor, waiters and waitress uniforms aren't stuffy , the dark wood and dim lighting makes it feel like I'm in in a laid back bar like setting, the music/soundtrack in the background easily would've come from one of my own or my friends playists  with artists like Morrissey, The Cure and Camera Obscura (those are the ones that stuck out), and genres like soul, pop,  etc. I was intrigued by the factoids on the flat screen above the buffet and found it funny too. One slide said, "Butter On The Phone" and it explained that that's one of the pranks the chefs like to do to each other is put butter on the phone and tell someone else on the kitchen to pick up the phone. Who knew a buffet could have a sense of humor!     And then there's the food: kale salad, asparagus salad with prosciutto are items I'd expect from some cool L.A. restaurant. The highlights for me were the prime rib, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes and the shrimp with grits. Everything was amazing and I want to go back. I did consider Bacchnal and the Wynn's buffet, but the wait for both of those at 7 p.m. was an hour and forty-five minutes for the Wynn and hours for Bacchnal. The wait for Wicke Spoon was around 15 - 25 minutes.
3	3.5 stars. Weekday dinner for $38 is a pretty great deal for a fairly unique and diverse spread of selection, but the food was just okay.Hits:- lamb: OMG amazing. Amazingly tender and flavorful.- desserts: what a spread! It helps that everything is dark chocolate + raspberry which is the best combination known to mankind (or at least my taste buds)- antipasti: they had some nice little dishes like marinated beets and balsamic glazed watermelon, as well as a nice selection of cheese and charcuterieMisses:- prime rib: it was really inconsistent to downright bad - pieces were mostly rubbery and flavorless- bone marrow: props to them if just for having it because the pieces are really bony and flavorless - Italian: I had some polenta thing with beef tongue (I think) and a risotto, and both were really bland. Good thing they're served as small plates so I didn't waste that much food.This is far from vegas's best buffet, but the ambience is fun, the small plates make it different, and the price is right. However, if you're gonna do a Vegas buffet, you might as well go all out and hit up one of their top rated joints (bellagio Caesars palace etc.) instead.
4	yum! an expensive buffet! probably in the top 10 "on the strip" buffets. ambiance: 4 - an organized setting for food and seating. there's quite a lot of space to walk around with a mess of plates and food. service: 4 - service was good until we reached almost the end of our dinner. the server stopped visiting our table, and I never received my tea. food: 4 - quality food; some cooked well, some not. many dishes are aesthetically designed on separate dishes, which can sometimes be difficult to balance on your plate while grabbing other foods. the dessert and salad sections were the most pleasing foods out of the whole selection, and they are prepared well. also, the gelato is great, but you can get it at any great buffet! because of WS's reputation, they should offer a really unique and tasty dessert that people will line up for!
3	Today is 1/5/14 we came for Sunday brunch and our tab was $39/pp + $20 for bottomless. A $110 dollars later this place isn't all that it's cut up to be. It's over rated!!!
4	Wicked spoon will always have a special place in my heart.The best thing about WS is definitely the bone marrowwwww! Sometimes, when we have a huge bone marrow craving, we would come to wicked spoon and stock up a plate full if bone marrow! Sounds gross but were obsessed with those gloppy goodness! Put some chimichurri sauce on it, and some red onion marmalade, a dash of salt, and you got yourself a bomb bone marrow!!Compared to Bacchanal buffet, they don't have as much selections on food. But, everything is quite delicious and has a good range as well. From seafood, to Italian, to Asian, everything is pretty good.A bonus to Wicked Spoon is that it's a lot less expensive than Bacchanal. A dinner here was $39 while Bacchanal racks up to $48.
2	I don't quite understand the hype.  It was a toss up to try this place versus bachanan.  I wish we tried the later. The food wasn't bad but for the price it was very mediocre.  The seasoning for the Korean short ribs were overly sweet.  We went early around 5:30 to 6:00 but when I was in line for the prime rib and asked for an end cut the server mentioned that it was not available.  I stated that I would wait for the next one and he mentioned that he didn't think there was another prime rib for that day????Not bad but far from great.
3	We first visited here a year ago and it was awesome. This time we came back as we had been thinking of how good the food was. However, to our disappointment, their food isn't as good as it was anymore. The food was lacking flavor, and the dessert is lacking profile as well. So sad.
3	The spread is impressive, and most of the dishes were executed well and solid, but it didn't quite have the wow factor. Nothing quite had the creative spazazz. They have a bunch of different salads, most of which are of the creamy dressing variety. The kale salad could have benefited from massaging the kale a bit more so that the kale is less fibrous. The cheeses were good. I also thought that the mussels and bone marrow was good. However, some of the bone marrow pieces were inedible. They were hard, just like bone. Perhaps they hadn't been cooked down enough? They have a large meat counter - prime rib, bone marrow, sausage, as well as an Asian inspired section. The desserts spread is also impressive. I really liked their pistachio gelato, but wasn't as impressed by the salty peanut one - that one tasted like peanut butter, which I love, but a little bit less in gelato form. Over all, it's an experience, but maybe not mind-blowing?
5	I'm not usually a big fan of buffets but the Wicked Spoon is awesome! The food is sooooo good and it is culinary buffet at its best! So good, I ate the buffet for 2 brunches when I was in Vegas for the weekend $39.99 per person is well worth this buffet. You should go early because the lineup can get crazy long. Some of my favorites: angry mac & cheese, pumpkin pancakes, fresh juices and smoothies, kale salad, bulgogi beef, ribs. They also have a crazy dessert section with gelatos. Oh so delicious.
3	I was so underwhelmed by Wicked Spoon.We paid about $50 for a weekend buffet dinner. We were seated by the dessert section so we got to see the entire selection before getting seated, and it was kind of disappointing how little food there was! Call me a spoiled American, but I was expecting waaay more food.Nothing really stood out to me except for the prime rib and the octopus salad. I wanted to get a second helping of the octopus salad but they switched it out for something else :( Everything in the dessert section looked so good, but nothing wowed me! I did like the mango macaron and the carrot cake, but everything else was just okay. The gelato was super fluffy in a bad way (it reminded me of some Safeway ice cream), and I couldn't eat more than a couple spoonfuls. I had the Thai Tea and the mint chocolate chip and both tasted really artificial to me.Everything was okay - the meal was good, but I didn't feel like the $50 was justified. All the food was pretty good, but I've had better at other buffets. I'd rather shell out a little bit more for Bacchanal at Caesar's, because there's a lot more variety there.
3	I was debating eating here or at Bacchanal but Wicked Spoon won out because it was closer.I had the brunch buffet which came out to be about $28. It was a lot less crowded than the previous times I've come here for dinner, and as the hostess pointed out, you get the best of both menus.Here's a breakdown of what I ate (Yes, it's a lot but don't judge. It's Vegas. And I really only had a bite or two of the bad dishes):The Bad:Vegetarian udon: Gummy noodles. And apparently there are nuts in this dish? Didn't taste any.Vegetable gyoza: Suffered from the same issue as the udon. They're packaged in these tiny take-out boxes that end up steaming them and making them soggy.Angry mac n cheese: An American classic with a kick of heat. I think they need to lower the cheese ratio, or use a different cheese. There's was very liquidy, almost like queso.White bean cassoulet: Inedible. The andouille and beans were too salty.Sushi: Wish they used sushi rice.The Okay:Lamb rib: Not too gamey but a little greasy.Bone marrow: Hard to fuck this up.Curry pork rind: See above. It's a friggin pork rind with some shit dusted on it. I could eat a whole bag.Trout mousse cone: The sign had the most unfortunate typo: "trout mouse cone." But it was a nice little amuse bouche.  Balsamic watermelon: Another small but surprisingly tasty starter. The good:Thick cut bacon: No explanation necessary. Two types of horseradish = awesome.Fried Chicken: Love the presentation (little frying baskets). Crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. Good flavors.Braised beef cavateli: A little salty, but delicious. Would take this pasta dish over the macaroni any day.Mushroom polenta: Creamy and perfectly cooked.Desserts: All excellent. I had the molten chocolate cake, dulce de leche rice pudding and chocolate pistachio mousse (not mouse) cake. Aside from the molten chocolate cake, nothing was too sweet, which I like. Oh, and I liked the novelty of the raspberry rice cereal treat.At this point, I have to acknowledge my awesome server. I don't know his name, but he was the older Asian guy. I noticed the host was seating a lot of Asians in his area ... coincidence or profiling?Anyway, this dude was a fucking rock star. Brother would pull out my chair as I was walking back with my plate (okay, plates). He bussed efficiently and quietly. And, he even gave me a fresh to-go cup of coffee when I left.Food is still a little hit or miss, but I do like it here.
1	Is negative stars possible?We went for dinner on 12/26 with a party of 4, one was a toddler, one an infant.  Got in line 7:30pm, paid around 9pm, seated at 9:15pm.  Being that the place closes at 9pm, we asked the cashier specifically if food stocking of the buffet would stop. The cashier said exactly "as long as people are eating, food will continue to be stocked until 10:15 pm."Immediately after seating, at 9:15pm I go to get sushi and the cut rolls are all gone.  They are not brining or making anymore.  After eating a bit at 9:35pm I go to get crab legs and they are out and not brining any more out.So I decide to speak to the manager.  I have no problem with running out of food or not stocking a buffet after your normal closing time, but my issue was the information the cashier provided was inaccurate.  Had we been told running our might be a possibility, we may have gone elsewhere.  There was still quite a line behind us when we paid too.Even before I could get my entire comment out, the manager cut me off and said "Sir, everyone has had an hour to eat." I explained that was not my issue.  When I explained the sushi cut rolls were gone right when we were seated, he responded "Sir, we do not make any rolls in house, they are all brought in, when we run out, we run out."  Really?  The $20 buffet in my neighborhood makes their cut rolls in house and a $50 Vegas buffet does not?  The same explanation was given for the crab legs.  He reiterated that everyone had an hour to eat already.  I then showed my 9:15pm receipt and my seating was at 9:15pm.  My watch showed 9:38pm.  He responded, "that's still 45 minutes."  Really, in what Elementary math class does that equate to 45 minutes of eating time for me?Basically it was one excuse after another while cutting me off.  Finally, I explained that my issue is not with the lack of food, but with the information the cashier provided.  I guess the manager snapped.  He said "leave now and I'll refund you your money."  He didn't say IF you leave now, or give any kind of choice.  Essentially he kicked my family out and refunded our money.  I guess that's better than being kicked out period, but definitely not what I expect from a Vegas buffet with my toddler and infant with me.All I was expecting was an apology or "I'll go check with the food staff about the supply" and I would have been ok.  I would have been happy with an apology and a small 10%-15% discount.  In the end, no apology, just excuses and accusations.Service: 5/5 for the actual server.  Nice and friendly day after Christmas.  Was working past normal closing time.  Too bad we were kicked out before being able to tip him.-100/5 for the manager.  Completely douche who can't manage the operations of a restaurant.  If you will run out of food, cut off the line and stop seating people.  You're in for a long night if you stay open with a half stock buffet.Food: 1/5 The food was bleah.  The salmon was cold.  None of the chefs making food seemed like they wanted to be there.  Maybe it was because it was the night after Christmas, maybe it was because of the time, but the food was generally tasteless.Ambience/location: 2.5/5 Average as far as Vegas buffets go.  It is kind of out of the way.  No matter, I won't be coming back here. Worst Vegas buffet experience ever.
2	While the food was decent, the price cannot be justified for how mediocre majority of the stuff offered on the buffet.  The sushi was americanized low grade garbage, the roasted meats were all cheap, and majority of the stuff looked better than it tasted.  There were a few things that tasted good like the slab bacon, watermelon salad, and the braised beef handmade pasta but for me to drop 40 bucks for a brunch buffet for bacon, watermelon and pasta is outrageous.  The bone marrow was also cooked incorrectly and needed to be roasted longer.  There was also no king crab or prime rib which is a must for a las vegas buffet.  I will never go back due to the price and I think i would rather pay a few bucks more and go to the bellagio buffet just for the king crab.  This is totally overrated.
4	I usually don't enjoy buffets that much, but oh my! This is the best buffet I've ever been to. I love how a lot of the food is portioned out into smaller containers, it makes it easier to try a lot more :)
3	After hearing all this hype on how amazing Wicked Spoon was, I was eager to try it out. And after trying it for myself, i think the consensus (not only mine, but the entire group I had gone with) was that wicked spoon was just A-OK. A buffet is a buffet and I maybe a had a one item that really stuck out. Everything else was pretty medicore and typical of a vegas buffet. Now the decor of the place is nice. You do absolutely get that fancy feel, like I am in a fancy place. Service is pretty good also (but is service really an area of focus when you're on at a buffet??).Price can get pretty heft during the holidays ($42.60 for LUNCH on holidays. not worth it) and for dinner (which is close to like $50 I think). ADVICE #1: IT IS NOT WORTH THE DINNER PRICE! (I capslocked so that it could catch your eye). Go for lunch/brunch for $27 bucks! They have breakfast items AND lunch items. They also have different stations, like a salad station, the breakfast station, the meats station, the asian section. ADVICE #2: If you want to save space in your stomach, skip the asian section. It's whatevers. My favorite item has got to be the short rib cavatelli. Holy crap it was good! The meats were also pretty delicious. Another plus, they have a gelato station in the desserts station which is pretty cool.
5	I don't know why, I feel here is better than bellagio, maybe I'm hungry today, lol. I like the environment, very comfortable. Excellent service. I'll come again!
5	We would not even considered buffet at this place if it weren't a 2 for 1 coupon we received on the flight from SFO to Vegas. The yelp reviews were generally excellent, so we opted for this one over the buffet at Ballagio or Wynn. The quality of cooking was beyond our expectation. The selection is comparable to other hotel buffet outside of Vegas, and definitely not as extravagant as other High end Vegas buffets. The value without the discount was great, and the value with coupon was irresistible.  Dishes worth mentioning:Bone marrow, gelato, creamy corn, oyster Rockefeller, chocolate dipped strawberry.
4	tapas style, creative food, great dessert.
4	The service was outstanding here. Our server was very nice. She was very tentative and refilled our drinks as soon as we were done. The food is good. Nothing too crazy, but nothing too plain as well. I think it's an experience and you have to go here if you haven't. Most of their food was interesting to try. Nothing I was crazy about. Although I did kill about 10 plates of king crab legs. My boyfriend was crazy about the bone marrow. He's the only guy I know that would pay 40 bucks to go into a buffet to eat cheese and crackers ). Desert was okay too. The galto and sorbe were my favorites.
2	Friendly staff. Food wasn't the best quality.  For the price, expected higher quality and fresh food.
4	Since Yelp orders things by original date, and there are 2982 reviews when I write this, I'm thinking my review will be read in say, March of 2017.  That said, I've made a point to try most of the Strip buffets, the other reviewers aren't lying it's pretty tasty here overall.They've got the small pots/baskets for a lot of the dishes like some of the other buffets do, and though they are cute, you end up with one on your plate, and no room for any of the other tasty treats.   All the usual seafood choices (crab legs, etc...)The bone marrow is good, but wow it's filling and greasy.  Do not have it first!  Dessert choice is great, a lot of choices (macarons even!) to be had.Service is normal for buffets, the servers are attentive and friendly, clearing your multiple plates away without you noticing.Out of the way to get to in the hotel though, which is both a good and bad thing.  Good in that it reduces lines.  Bad in that you have a long hike to get there, and honestly, it feels like you're walking through dead parts of a convention hotel where you probably shouldn't even be.  But viola, there you suddenly are, and it's food coma time.
5	Amazing! Desserts were the best! The last time I went it was $29 per person for dinner. The line was not bad, just waited for 15-20 mins.
5	BEST BRUNCH EVER.That's the only time I'd want to stuff my tummy from here. Where do I even begin.. The first time I came to Wicked Spoon was during dinner and I didn't enjoy it as much as I love their brunch. Im from California and this is the only buffet I've been to on the Strip and I don't think I I'd want to bother with any other. It's pretty much love at first bite, that's how I describe my feelings towards the food they serve here for breakfast.I've only been here twice but I already know its going to be a routine visit every time Im here in Vegas.WHAT I ALWAYS DAY DREAM ABOUT after leaving here:Pumpkin Spice Pancakes (NOM NOM NOM NOM) not sure if its seasonalWicked Juice (their own blend of fruit juice) BOMBSteak (not sure what kind it was but I thought I'd be adventurous and asked for it grilled after they cut me a slice) one of the best steaks I've had.Caesar Salad was delicious  but it was drowning with too much dressing :(& also the Greek salad was good as well.Baked Egg Whites w/ Veggies was very light and tasty, it went hand and hand with my flavorful steak.Fruit / Yogurt Parfait, shot glass serving but that's all you really need since there's so much other food to choose from, it was quite sour but the fruit and granola balanced the taste out, not what I expected but in a good way :)Omelettes ! Made to order your way, isn't that awesome? I didn't have any but I thought the idea of creating your own omelette subway style was cooI.I can't remember much else of what I've eaten here but it's definitely worth the money! The service here is awesome as well.
4	We just ate our Sunday brunch at Wicked Spoon and loved it! All of their dishes have a unique spin to them which makes this buffet stand out. They have a wide variety of dishes; sushi, Asian cuisine, meats, bone marrow, side dishes, breakfast specials, salad bar, meat/cheese bar, and a dessert bar. I enjoyed everything I had. The only thing I was disappointed about was they did not have crab legs in their breakfast set up. However, they did have them for dinner. The service was impeccable. The server was on top of taking our dishes, filling up our drinks in a timely manner. I would definitely come back!
4	Went for a quick breakfast/lunch at Wicked Spoon when I was staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Vegas. The buffet location was very convenient for me since it was just a few floors down from my room. Although I would not consider this place as one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. In comparison to other buffets in Vegas the variety of food was limited. However there would be no complains from me in regards to the taste of the food.
2	Not worth it at all!Unless you have a half-off coupon, Wicked Spoon was barely par with the $20 buffets at the cheap hotels. Sure they have some fancy "looking" items, but they all fell flat. And at the premium price point, you'd expect some crab legs or a big seafood station but not here nor there was it found. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=gSJmRozD1spFYGe8yhzPQA#gSJmRozD1spFYGe8yhzPQAIt was definitely the worst "fancy" buffet in Vegas I've been to.
3	First off, I agree with most of the reviewers; I was expecting more food. Second, I thought I was ready with my expectations of WS after reading the reviews but was proven wrong. Went in for brunch and here's the summary:Best tasting: Watermelon salad; HANDS DOWN the best tasting dish; basically a tiny piece of watermelon and some kind of cream cheese topping. Soooo yum I ate 4 plates which translates into 4 tiny pieces of watermelon so don't judge me! Fruit smoothie; (mocktailish) and was pretty refreshing. Just wished it was chilled. Custom made omelette; Didn't get it but friend loved it.OK to good:Mushroom truffle risotto; Creamy and just the right amount.French toast; Just like your regular french toast.Panna cotta; Creamy and light at the same time. Blaaahhh:Wicked fried chicken; BORING!Garlic bread; UGHHHH! Sushi; Ewwwieeewwww!Mussles; Gamey!Now lets talk DESSERT which I had read repeatedly about and was most excited for. Soooo disappointed. Nothing special about the cakes and baked goods. Didn't try all but my fave was a white chocolate orange dome mousse thingie which was pretty good. The strawberries I had heard so much about were wack! Yes wack! Go get em from Godiva! Pretty meh meal...
2	Way way overpriced & overrated. Came here for dinner during the Holiday week with 7 other family members at $50 each. Waited in line for 1.5 hours. Honestly, we were all hungry we could eat a cow and didn't have much expectation for the food quality coming in. Turns out both food and service were such disappointment I would never ever ever return. The meat line was so long most of us didn't bother waiting as we feel for the people still standing in line to get in. We ate fast and got out of here as fast as possible. Food just didn't taste right... the only dessert I enjoy were the chocolate dipped strawberries. Overall - total waste of money and wish I was knew earlier. It could just be the busy Holiday week but I am not willing to risk it ever again.
3	I had spent all week trying to decide between wicked spoon and bacchanal. I had been to bacchanal before and so this time I thought I would try something new even though I knew bacchanal was a sure thing. Plus it was closer to our hotel so laziness won. Got there and paid for brunch price before 3pm (around $35 on a saturday) but soon after they changed to the dinner menu so lucky for us. For brunch they do not have seafood like crab and such so thats dissapointing because bacchanal had it all day. Crab is always delicious so cant complain about that. Overall, nothing really special that stands out. The bone marrow was the one unique thing I had not seen before but it was super greasy and not as flavorful and I was hoping. Had to add some of the salt they give you. Top sirloin was pretty good though. Everything else is pretty generic and there was not as much variety as bacchanal. The asian section was sad and I was kinda hoping for some soups. Next time I'll just pay a little more and tell my feet to suck it up and walk to bacchanal which is a sure thing.
5	The Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I have ever had. The amount of food on this buffet is nothing short of amazing. They have everything from a carving station to fresh Sushi. I really enjoyed the Ebi Shrimp and the Cheese and meats selection. Everything on the buffet was fresh and they kept it clean. The service here was also very good about drink refills and taking away dirty plates. My one complaint was they jacked up the prices during the Christmas holiday. We went right when they opened and it was a Brunch for $39... och. Kind of pricy for breakfast. Over all the food here is very good though.
5	We had never actually been to Wicked Spoon: The Buffet.  When Cosmo first opened they offered several ongoing events to showcase the culinary and liquid refreshment talents of some of their offerings.  The (now defunct) wine store had a bi-weekly wine and food pairing seminar, complete with generous tastings of both.  Wicked Spoon set up elaborate themed buffets in one of their private rooms, with spectacular tastings and open bar, and we went to it regularly until, like all good thing, it ended.  Oh, how I miss those glory days!!But on the LAX to LAS leg of our recent trip back from Australia we were each handed a playing card-type box containing Cosmopolitan promo cards, and one was a BOGO for Wicked Spoon.  We took advantage of that one, expecting that the food would be as good as we had remembered.  And we sure weren't disappointed.While all the hype and kudos seems to go to Bacchanal these days, we have to say that we enjoyed Wicked Spoon more.  (Herb, strangely, doesn't like Bacchanal at all).  It's not as industrial high-tech looking as the other place, but it's decorated somewhat like the one at Red Rock, and it's comfortable.  It doesn't require walking through a maze or standing on long lines.  Our waiter, Stephen, was most congenial, friendly, and professional, and we enjoyed talking with him.We loved a lot of the offerings.  I had the best octopus salad ever, and that goes for the individual Shepherd's Pie, with excellent quality beef and carrots that weren't mush.   Risotto with truffle oil, salmon with butternut squash, short rib pizza with blue cheese, and lamb panini were some of the other terrific offerings.  When I tried the leg of lamb - rare - it looked dried out but was anything but.  I put chimichurri sauce over it, and it was delicious.  Best of all, IMHO, none of the food was oversalted, deriving its good flavors from proper seasoning.  Desserts were wonderful, and I disagree with the reviewer who panned the gelato; my tiramisu and almond tastings were rich, creamy, and sinfully good.  And I have to admit to tasting some of the other desserts, too.  That huge strawberry dipped in Heath Bar Chocolate was irresistible!Herb just told me that today's LVRJ has an article about those Cosmo promos, but you have to fly from LAX to get it.  Too bad, our upcoming trip to LA will be that long, boring drive.  Maybe one of us should fly!Without the promo, it would have cost us about $82 before tax, tip,  and alcohol.  With it, it was a great deal for an awesome buffet.
1	I have read a lot of reviews and realize imost of it is all relative to the person who writes it. When I write a review about food places, I try out most of what they have before I give my opinion. Well it is rare I would give one star for most food places because typically I research first but boy was I wrong about this place. I have no idea how this place can be high rated 4 stars! I guess those who gave it the 4 stars or higher must've been smokin or just haven't had better. Where do I start, I went left to right and tried most all they had and really I had a hard time to eat and I was starving. I can't remember the last time when I was starving and lost my appetite as soon as I ate.              Don't bother going for the crabs, they don't have King crabs while Bellagio and  Wynn does. Wicked spoon, absolutely the worst opeiia crabs I have ever tasted. It was literally the flavor of bad sink water. It was soaked for so long the crab flavor was absent, it tasted so bad I lost my appetite immediately. I mentioned it to both the waitress and manager. The waitress said all the seafood comes frozen, I'm thinking are you serious? like I have never eaten pre frozen seafood at a restaurant before. I'm a sport fisherman for crying out loud, like anyone would think live seafood is delivered to a buffet. The waitress told me to  just ask the cook to boil it and use butter. Really? that will make a sink watered down crab taste better!  The manager came to me and I told him the same situation, the manager just said thanks for letting him know and he just turned away while he said thanks. WTF! They do not care about their place obviously. I should've known something was wrong when there was absolutely no lines, in fact there was only a couple in front of us. Even after we left, there was no line either. It is pretty obvioius, I would never come back to eat even if it was free. I come to Vegas to eat well, not have bad food go in me.            The prime rib? you call that prime rib? taste like gamey rump roast. The short ribs had OK flavor but was chewy and I had to spit out the grizzle parts.All the food in the little handle pots, they were mostly sitting for so long, they were dry. Why not just put each item into a large pan so we can take what we can eat. It would prevent the food from drying up so fast. Now that's a tip they should really consider.  I threw away most everything I grabbed as it either tasted bad or was dried up. Shrimp, I did not bother, the color alone told a story. They try to make the food look gourmet but really a novice attempt to make it appear appetizing, it failed to do so. Sushi? don't bother, that stuff they got rolled up, it is a mystery what it is. Chinese food in food to go small boxes, really? what is this place? I went left to right but could not find an item to hit the spot. They serve bone marrow! I felt like a dog when the chef poured all the bones in front of you, COME AND GET IT! I tried one, yuk! who wants jellied muck! I know what bone marrow is and this one isn't done right at all. I know these so called chefs aren't taking their cooking seriously. It's like a home town buffet type chef but truly in my opinion, worse.            The bottom line, the main hard meals are below standard, they should not have food in those small handled pots, not have take out boxes for Chinese food, they should not overflow their food so it gets dry or hard. The dessert section was OK. All in all, I would not eat there even if it was for free and I mean that. Bacchanal and Bellagio are much better for overall. When you decide to eat at a buffet, always seek the best of the menu you like to eat, otherwise you'd be disappointed My rating is truly what I had experienced from A to Z. I don't just nick pick over one dish. I tried most of them as much as I can force myself to taste but that's what I mostly did, I did wasted a lot of food because I could not enjoy it. The dessert and drink was most I have downed there. Selection was poor as well, a lot of basic foods really and the ones they try to culinate was just murder! you'll be spitting out food or just not finishing it and waste a lot of it.  Don't waste your time and money here when there are many others that are way much better. Honestly, I haven't had food this bad in years. I'm not even a picky eater either.
1	Was in Vegas last July 13th 2013 went to try out what so many people have been raving about this place. I tried it and paid for 4 other people here at $40 plus a piece. For the Money not worth it. I found the Buffet at Mandalay Bay was a lot better even though a smaller selection  Mandalay even provides free beer and wine. Food made me sick and I would probably never go back there again to try it. Liked the dessert selection but overall experience was bad. Service was good but that's normal everywhere in Vegas. I have to Agree with the post made by Eli G the food look fancy but it did fall flat. I may not be the best food critic but I can tell the difference between good food and not so good food.
5	Has to be one of the best buffets I've ever been to. Fast service and high quality food. The dessert buffet is the best part!
4	I think Wicked Spoon is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  It's clean and open and offers an impressive variety of items.  I never eat enough to fully appreciate buffets but I do enjoy having a nice selection to choose from.  Try to go at off peak times and avoid holidays as the line is way too long and not worth a long wait.
3	It was ok. Not a huge selection.  Caesars palace has the best buffet in Vegas.
5	This is seriously the most amazing buffet I have EVER been to in my life. Seriously! I have never seen so much food, it was amazing, and for the most part everything was delicious.Cannot wait to go back to Las Vegas just to go here again.
3	The buffet cost $86 for two people.  A little steep but hey it's Vegas.Service:Bill was a very nice server and was good about refilling our drinks and checking up on us.Food:Salad Bar:Shrimp cocktailsHummusOlivesFruitCaesar SaladItalian SaladSeafood Bar: (Didn't even look since I don't eat seafood)(Was the most crowded area though)General Food Bar:Deep Fried ChickenMash PotatoesFancy PizzaGarlic BreadGreen BeansBroccoliPotatoesPrime RibChickenSausageSushiFried RiceChow MeinMiso Soupand a couple othersMost of the food is pre- portioned so you can sample everything which is nice so your eyes don't get bigger than your stomach.It may look like there are a lot of stations but in reality the food is just all spread out with gaps in between, and the majority of it is seafood (which I cannot eat since I'm allergic).  They have a Mac and Cheese bar that is apparently made to order but when we went there was no staff there to help so we didn't get to try it.The dessert bar is the real treat here.  The Cosmopolitan does dessert right.  They have a gelato bar with a bunch of different flavors.  I recommend the strawberry balsamic and the nutella. I wish you could go there and just pay for the dessert bar.In general the dessert bar is really the only thing worth your time.  The other food is just food that will sustain your appetite and really isn't anything special.  I don't think it was worth $100 for two people.  I prefer the excalibur buffet which has the same stuff and more kid friendly food for half the price.
3	Every time we come to Vegas we are told by everyone to go to Wicked Spoon. But always skipped it because I just couldn't see coughing up almost $90 for two people for dinner. But after using our Aria room credit and starving for something good to eat for dinner we walked next door to finally try this buffet. You have to walk some through Cosmopolitan to find it. Its around this empty hallway full of art and classic posters. I have got to point out that EVERYONE working here is beyond friendly, helpful, and actually talkative. I waited for the mac and cheese bar and the guy making all the orders struck up conversations, made jokes, and was really efficient. Our server was also super nice and vigilant on refills and empty plates. And the gelato guy was really funny and quick. They had a range of food from Japanese to Israeli to Spanish and even comfort food. I especially liked the ceviche, shepherd's pie, mac and cheese and oh god the desserts. But I skipped over or barely ate a lot of what I picked up. The prime rib had a lot of fat, the bool kogi was dry, and the sushi was average. But back to the desserts. I would say they had the best tasting desserts I've had at a buffet. Come on nutella gelato!!! your killing me! Macaroons, mini cakes, and cupcakes, oh my! I was in sugar heaven.The place is nicely decorated. There wasn't that many people eating there. In fact there was no line at 7:30pm on a Saturday.
4	AWESOME BUFFET!Yes it's about $40 per person for dinner but it's worth it. They have a giant selection of high quality assorted foods from all over the world. Not like your average buffet quality.Asian meatballs, rich eggs Benedict, thick cut bacon, Korean style BBQ ribs, bone marrow, charcuterie section, sushi, fried chicken, spicy Mac and cheese, gelato bar, ALL DELICIOUS! Their desserts are top notch as well. So many options, you'll be full before you can try half of everything. That's the only disappointment I had.
3	Came here on a Friday evening for dinner around 8:30. There wasn't a line so we were seated right away. I was a little surprised at the price $50/person. That's pricer than the buffet at Bellagio and Caesars for sure.Anyways, our server was terrible. He want attentive at all and we hardly saw him the whole time we were there even tho the restaurant was nearly empty. The cups, silverware and plates we had on the table were dirty so we had to have them exchanged. My cup had a huge smear and a lipstick stain. Gross.The redeeming (and most important) part though was that the food was pretty delicious. I really liked the polenta, it was one of my faves. The Korean short ribs were also super delish. I didn't get to try the prime rib because the guy who was in charge of that station was tweeting out or something when he was carving and was MIA most of the night. Wackkkk.Another reason why I couldn't give this place a higher star rating is that they were running out of food and didn't even try to replenish the supply. I understand we came at 8:30, but I mean...we paid $50 a head, we should at least be able to eat what we want while we're there. For example, they were out of bone marrow, the pizza they had was rock hard, they were our of 1/3 of their desserts including the chocolate covered strawberries (not like those are hard to make) and their pork belly was sad lookin/tough tasting.All that being said, the foods that we were able to get our hands on were pretty tasty. I think I'd come back the next timeI'm in Vegas, maybe during more peak times. Hopefully the food will be fresher, the plates cleaner and the service friendlier. Til next time, Wicked Spoon!
5	I'm not a buffet fan but this one got my vote! Good quality food, beautiful restaurant with knowledgeable friendly staff!
5	The Wicked Spoon buffet is the best buffet I've ever ate at Las Vegas.Customer service is more than what you could ask for.Ms.Lisa was our server and was outstanding.With many food varieties, it is hard to choose what to eat.They have a little but of everything from Asian cuisine to fresh seafoodThe dessert was heaven in my mouth.Bottom line is the Wicked Spoon buffet is the best Vegas has to offer.
3	I came to the Wicked Spoon with some friends after hearing nothing but amazing things about it. I can't say I was disappointed by it - the food was great - but there were a number of standout problems with it that keep me from giving it a higher rating.Let's start with the good:The food is great. Meat en masse, all of it average or above-average; good selection of food; quite good dessert. There was a small selection of salads, but nobody really ventured that way (nor should they, really).Particular standouts for me were the Shepherd's Pie, the Kalbi, and the Italian sausage.Now for the bad:Two things really stood out as problematic to me. First, cleanliness. A lot of the plates we grabbed at the buffet line were dirty, one with a large chunk of chicken stuck to it. It felt like they overloaded an industrial dishwasher and neglected to rinse or check for cleanliness before shoving the plates back out. To add to that, pretty much all the cups at our table were dirty.Second, and this probably being tied to the first, it felt like the servers just didn't give a damn. The servers came around pretty infrequently (I think we saw them maybe three times over the course of 90 minutes? The place wasn't busy, either; we saw maybe ten, fifteen other tables total) and there was just a general air of indifference that was rather offputting.If the dining experience were rated on food alone, this would be a solid 4 or 5 stars...but I can't justify that for a place that's giving me extra food with my clean plates.
5	The most flavorful buffet I've ever been too. Went for brunch, so good. The place is elegant and the food amazing. Favs were the angry mac n cheese, parfaits, passionfruit juice, smoked salmon, chocolate dipped strawberries and white chocolate mousse cake. I just wish my stomach had room for more. My only complaint is that the server was too busy so I couldn't get more drinks but still an amazing place.
4	I can say this is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Great variety of dishes from around the world. I appreciated that they served out the portions so that it was just enough for a taste and to help with wastage. Lots of fresh food, but some did end up sitting there for a bit like the dbuokki (sp?). The best part was the gelato station! $36 for lunch on a weekend.
4	Little pricey for dinner but that's Vegas. Stayed for dinner, which had a decent variety of food.  Their mushroom truffle risotto was delicious. They also had bone marrow and made to order mac & cheese. 3 choices of cheese + sauce, meat (steak, sausage etc) and veggies (spinach, jalapeno and more). My brother got his to order with everything in it and it was awesome. Their decorum tries to mask the fact that it's a buffet. That doesn't mean that it's not beautiful. Look for the giant shoe on your way to the buffet, you can't miss it!
2	Not as good as the hype goes. With 60$, I can get a pretty nice dinner at other places and still be full.
5	I don't do buffets. I think they're never worth the price...but Wicked Spoon opened my eyes to a whole new buffet world! I absolutely loved everything I ate. They display all their food beautifully. We came here on a Friday afternoon, didn't do the bottomless mimosas. It was like $27 with all the taxed and shit. Good stuff!  Heathy juices, bone marrow, fried chicken...YUM! They offer various cuisines, which is tasty. I really could get on the buffet band wagon if more of them were like this.
5	Two important contexts of this review.  First, this review is for the breakfast/brunch.  I haven't tried the buffet for dinner.Second, the comparison is from the perspective that this is a buffet.  I'm not going to compare a buffet to Jose Andres's place at Cosmo.This is the best breakfast buffet that I've been to in Vegas.  It may not have some features that certain people adore (like giant mounds of crab legs), but what they have is often unique and well done.  Love the sticky-buns!  Loved the homemade slab of bacon.  We got a end piece that was overly salty, and when combined with a middle slice was perfect.This is only buffet in Vegas we make plans to attend, and that I look forward to.We also enjoyed the best service we've had at a buffet.  Our server quickly learned all our names, served us promptly, and knew the buffet in great detail and made numerous recommendations.5 stars -- as good as it gets (for a buffet in Vegas).
5	My favorite buffet on the strip. Haven't tried them all but Wicked Spoon is Wicked awesome. My favorite part is that it's a dessert haven. My eyes bulged out of the sockets upon seeing the gelato station. Really like how the food is served in the little cups. Feels more sanitary and presentation is eye catching as a result. All the food is cooked well and the taste is never absent. Can only imagine how many chefs are in the back preparing this stuff. If only they offered a 24 hr pass here.Keep doing what you do Wicked Spoon & I keep coming back
4	When I came in to Wicked Spoon, I came with a set of high expectations and I have to say that Wicked Spoon didn't disappoint me.I would prefer this place than Bacchanal at Caesars Palace. It costs $35 vs $51 at Bacchanal per person.Anyhow, when I came in here it is almost like a dessert galore. They have a huge spread of dessers in the center. Also, the foods are prepared well, beautiful presentations and taste great.We have found our favorite buffet place in Vegas.
5	I came to dine for the third time and still impressed by them. I have tried Bacchanal@Caesar Palace, but yet both places have their spotlights. presentation is always the best at Wicked. Portion sizes are amazing, which most of them are only bite sizes. That'll give you more room to try on something else. Prime rib and bone marrow are must-try items. their made-to-order Mac-N-Cheese has better variety now with more sauce options. Please leave rooms for deserts. sorbet and gelatos are to die for.
3	Hubby and I arrived just as they started the dinner service, 3pm, so we paid the $41 dinner rate. I expected dinner entrees. I have no idea where the up-charge from brunch to dinner is coming from.  The dining area was not full and, sadly, some of the chafing areas were empty so I I wondered what I missed and why there weren't  anymore hot dishes being replaced. They had the usual buffet fare: crab legs (no knuckles), prime rib (really quite bloody with no medium cooked area), salad etc. There was a pile of 5-spice pork belly. It was supposed to be served with Hoisin sauce, but the it was empty and remained empty. The pork belly was slightly undercooked, difficult to cut with the butter knife provided. The skin, which for me is the best part of the cut, was undercooked and chewy. Yuck! Such a disappointment! The Korean cut ribs was so overcooked that it was inedible! Rubbery, undercooked meat next to overcooked, jerky meat.The Hof Brau section was no better. Hubby and I had a slice of the prime rib and it was so bloody! Thank goodness the server cut the slices paper thin so it could continue to cook on my hot plate. It didn't help. It was impossible sawing through the flesh with our butter knives and ended up looking like shredded meat than a steak. On the plus side, they are not messing around with their horseradish! My eyes were watering and I couldn't breath through my nose it was so hot! Hubby got a slice of pork and when he brought it back to the table, realized it was all fat. Big fail there!There were single serving metal pots of mushroom risotto. They looked dry on top but once you stirred the grated parmesan into the rice it was quite surprising! The rice was tender without being mushy and it was still creamy without being too starchy.Hubby brought back a bowl of creamy soup, where the hell was that? He gets gout very easily so I was surprised to hear it was lobster bisque. He pushed it towards me to take a taste, suspiciously like a dare.  It took a spoonful and was again very surprised! Velvety, flavorful with chunks of tender lobster, not the fibrous stringiness that happens to shellfish that has been sitting in heat for too long.Time for dessert! We were seated near that island and I had been watching the few remaining diners pass by with their beautifully presented single servings.  I ordered coffee and grabbed a plate. They were all so colorful that I wanted to try a sample of everything, but I reigned it in and picked ones I haven't seen in other buffets. The problem with pastries is that, once sliced, it gets stale very quickly, especially small portions. They were beautiful but stale. No bueno! The coffee was a welcome relief from the disappointing end to an expensive meal!On the plus side, our server was very attentive. She cleared  out our dishes efficiently and refilled our beverages without interrupting our meal.  Other wait staff came by and as well to keep our table clutter free. As soon as diners around us left, their tables were quickly and quietly turned over to receive the next diners. It's a welcome to not be ducking and weaving to avoid the shrapnel of broken dishes or flying food from waitstaff haphazardly flinging dirty dishes and silverware into disgusting tubs. Hence the 3 starsAfter reading all the wonderful reviews I am saddened to say I did not get the same experience. Let this be a warning to all diners: Do not come here at the end of brunch/beginning of dinner service. The offerings IMHO did not justify the higher charge from brunch to dinner and, sadly, although the dishes looked good, they just didn't do it for me. I will not be returning.
5	I seriously refuse to have an entire Vegas trip without going here! My favorite Vegas buffet!!The times that I've gone here, I've gone for brunch, which was probably a really good idea. One, because, bottomless mimosas?! Haiiiilll yessss! And two, it's probably not fun getting ready to go clubbing feeling all full after a buffet. Anyways, the food has so many options. They totally do that continental thing where there are different sections serving various dishes from different parts of the world. On top of that, amazing presentation! I remember getting chicken fingers once that were served in mini frying racks!! Soooo cute! They also had something called wicked juice, which were fruit smoothies and were really good. The dessert bar was amazing. They had had dessert for days and so many options for gelatos.The service was good too. Our waitress knew to keep those mimosa refills coming! We went around 1030, and left around 1230 or 1 to make sure we really got our drink on.Also, it's located in cosmopolitan! A really nice hotel with awesome art pieces on the way! Make sure to take a pic in front of the oversized heels! Lol.Definitely go here. It won't be a complete trip to Vegas without it!
3	This buffet was just OK.  I will give them 3.5 for presentation though.  The food was lacking flavor.
5	The best buffet in las vegas..the food is amazing..they have best variety of food..a most stop
4	Whyyyyy was I so hungover when I came here?!?! Such a waste. But it was so good....I liked all the random things that came in the mini metal pots. Can't remember what they were now but I know they all had such unique flavor. I wish they had more shellfish to choose from but the mussels were pretty good.My #1 recommended thing to eat here... ICE CREAM. I got the mint and the mango and oh my goddddd I wanted to eat 10 scoops.
2	For the price of this buffet you'd think that it would have tons of food to choose from but no it was just average. I went on a Saturday for brunch and I maybe ate about four items. The best thing about the brunch was the Gelato! I got the fried chicken and something that it was seasoned with did not agree too well with my stomach! This buffet might be good to others but it just wasn't good to me! I would have given it one star but the service was good and so was the Gelato.
5	It's Sunday morning, you're hung over, and you need something greasy and/or delicious to help start your day. Well, if you can stomach a short wait (or sometimes no wait at all), it's definitely worth coming to Wicked Spoon. Buffets in Vegas wax and wain and Wicked Spoon is definitely waxing.2 stars for the food, oh man, it's just so delicious, even by not buffet standards of food this place is delicious. It's one of those places where you run around like a chicken with it's head chopped off wanting to just put everything in your mouth like a squirrel with a plethora of nuts.1 star, for more food! jesus, it's not just how good the food is, but also the variety. A lot of times a buffet type place will have strengths in a particular type of cuisine, but not this place, everything is good1 star for the atmosphere, large dining room, plenty of seating, well lit, good layout1 star for the service, they were friendly, quick, efficient, all in all greatDefinitely come here and stuff your face, it's one of the better buffets on the strip.
5	This is one of the best buffets in Vegas.. I've been to a lot and this place is actually worth the price! Everything from the presentation to food quality is pure perfection. Love it!!!
5	I came here at the last day of 2013. Ar first, my friends and I wanna go to Caesar but they charged a lot and had a limited two hours dining time. We felt not very happy and the see the review of wicked spoon and quickly decided to give it a try. We are so satisfied with every meal they offer, I love the truffle risotto so much and had it twice! The desserts are awesome! This is my first time spotting the strawberries with chocolate in buffet. The service was also good, waiters are all polite and kind to answer our questions. I will come next time if I go to vegas!
5	Never in my life have I gone to a buffet, ate something so good, I paused from eating. That's how good the food was. Everything was so delicious, the cheesecake was unbelievable, and the waiter and waitress's were very nice. The price is a bit expensive but what so you expect, it's Las Vegas. I believe the quality of food makes up for the price. It's one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. If I find myself in Las Vegas again, I'll make it a priority to eat there everyday for lunch
4	The room is gorgeous.  The food is extremely varied and everything we ate was pretty damn good.  That being said, I was a bit disappointed in the sushi selection, which consisted entirely of about three rolls and one salmon sushi.  The rolls were very basic and were mostly rice.   I would focus on the meats, salads and seafood (ceviche, poke, crab legs).   If you like tapas-type dishes, you will like this buffet.  The desserts, by the way, were incredible, so leave some room!
3	I used to come here when opened at first. I didnt come here.for about 2 year but one of friends want to try buffet so i came here to try.Service is decent as always and their atmosphere is nice. However i dissappointed to food taste.. almost everything is salty and some of food is not taste right.. it was way better before.  Dessets are always good!
4	Had to wait a fair while in line to pay and then again to be seated, but at least we knew that coming in.Lots of varieties of food and it was all fresh. All the food I had was of a good quality and definitely leaps and bounds above the cheap buffets you might know from elsewhere.I enjoyed everything I ate and definitely loved the enormous dessert area.
5	The presentation is gorgeous. The food always looks amazing. The best is the garlic mashed potatoes. They really don't look like much, but they are literally out of this world. ADVICE: There are 2 lines. One line to pay and one line to actually get seated. If the line to get seated is long, have someone from your group stand in that line (make sure they pay you for their meal, unless you're like a baller or something) and those standing in the line to pay will just pay for the person who is holding down the fort in the seating line. Join your friend in the seating line when you've all paid. Best way to get in faster if there is a huge line. (if this was confusing, just message me)
3	I wasn't super impressed by this buffet. It was a nice price but I've been spoiled by Bacchanal. Not as much variety, nor am I impressed by the quality. Just okay.
4	The selection is great but could have used some higher quality items given the price tag. Service is efficient and I never returned to my table that had not been cleared already. The seafood portions were very small and the oriental / Asian section mediocre.Even on a slow day, expect a line to get in. However all said and done, a buffet worth trying!
3	This buffet has seen better days. For the price you pay at dinner ($51 with tax and tip), you can get a much better meal elsewhere.  The selection of food was not as expansive, nor as impressive, as the first time I came here several years ago. Unfortunately, new is king on the Strip and Bacchanal is slaying (for a price, of course). I also like Studio B if you want to drive south.  Bellagio, Wynn, and Paris were previous greats for me, but they don't even come to mind when I think of Vegas buffet options anymore. Adding Cosmo to that list.
4	This is not your average daggy buffet, with pizzas and pastas and junk. This place was no joke. They had everything in personalised portions with such a huge variety of food choices. There was no way we could try it all. From the custom Mac and Cheese bar, to risotto, to scallops, prawn cocktails, roast meat section, Korean BBQ section, make your own Ramen noodles, Sushi and not to mention the amazing desserts. There was endless choice and all the food was fresh and tasty. The service was not the greatest but not a turn off either. I will definitely go back and recommend to anyone if you are in the Cosmo it's worth a try.
4	The hype is real, but for a $34 brunch meal, I expect much more.Wicked Spoon stands out from other Vegas buffets for two things-the beautiful presentation & extraordinary dessert bar. FOOD:(Pros)-Small portions in fancy bowls and dishes. This means you'll have more room to try other items.-They have fresh juice! Their own veggie & fruit mix-I literally stacked 10 cups on my table hoping they wouldn't judge me lol-Eggs benedict are a must!(Cons)-Expect to only fit 3 items at a time. Plates get overly crowded with individual dishes.-Minus one star, because...NO SEAFOOD SECTION :( DESSERT:Holy crap! Amazing dessert options. From chocolate covered strawberries to Italian gelato icecream, to Latin panna cotta and lavish cheesecakes. SERVICE:Our server was on it! Seriously, she came by every few minutes to take our plates, refill our water and offer more drinks. I loved her!Like any Vegas buffet, expect a long wait.
1	Not for me.  Pictures on Yelp are very appealing, but taste and quality of food did not match their appearance.  Highlights for me were wicked chicken wings and watermelon salad.  Meat (bacon and prime rib) slices were 80% fat.  I am all for marbling in my meat, but come on.  Shrimp we're also overcooked and mush inside.  Desserts were more pretty than good.  Dessert attendant also had some questionable hygiene practices when dishing out ice cream with only gloved hand.  Sat near ice cream cooler so witnessed this several times.  Had always thought I had never really ate at the right buffet in Vegas to find one I liked, but I thought this to be a higher end and after my forth different one...I am still disappointed.  Done with buffets in Vegas.
4	I'm not a buffet person but this is one of my fave buffets! It's clean and the menu is extensive. From Salads, meats, mac 'n cheese, pastas, sushi, eggs Benedict, noodle dishes, seafood and to a beautiful array of desserts! The chocolate covered strawberries are amazing! I understand they like to serve in quaint dishes but it's annoying especially if you want to eat more than the serving they've pre-carved for you. Service is good. Keep in mind this place shuts down between 2pm to 5pm. So if you arrive at 1:45pm (like I did), there's no line, but you gotta eat fast! Def check this place out!
3	Normally this is one of our favorite buffets, but tonight's dinner left us somewhat disappointed.  It wasn't super busy at all, and with Chinese New Year theme they had more than usual Asian Dishes. Our server, Britney, was excellent as were the desserts ( I love those mini chocolate mousse cones!).  The entrees however missed several notes:- Many of the dishes were way over seasoned this time: Korean Galbi, mushroom risotto, and cocktail shrimp.- The roasted pork belly was cut into huge chunks, like a ball of pure fat.  It's supposed to be a layer of meat, fat, and crispy skin, but here it was nearly all fat!- Sushi options were limited, and the snapper nigiri had cold, hard rice.There were a few bright spots: octopus salad was tender and had good acidity, kale salad and collard greens were good, and the lamb and prime rib were both juicy and flavorful.We may need to take a break from Wicked Spoon to try out a few other places.  They may have had an off night or like in casino gaming maybe we just picked the wrong dishes :(
1	For the price we paid this place was quite terrible. I have no idea why it has so many high reviews. I was really disappointed.
3	After trying many buffet places in Vegas, We wanted to go check the best one and found this recommended by many online sites to be the best buffet in Vegas which It was NOT....First, It was expensive than the other buffets around...Second, The variety of food was not that great....No doubt that the presentation of the food was really good but the food lacked taste. There were a lot of healthy food choices and portion controlled servings but If you want to eat healthy, Buffet is not a good place to go...I like their small juice samples and nutty yogurt that was in the salad counter. Beef steaks were Horrible. Desert bar was awesome....Service was Alright too...
5	This was my very first buffet after being married with my husband, and I have to say, that this is hands down the best buffet I have ever had.Every single dish was so fresh and flavorful, you can't go wrong with anything here. The service here was phenomenal! Even the person who ran the place asked us how we were doing, and it felt good. He was very nice, and so was our waiter.I don't eat much but I wanted to try every single item, and I did. From the breakfast, to the lunch items every single dish was spot on! The desserts were ridiculously good! So yummy can't wait to go back to vegas next year and try it again.I would highly recommend this buffet if anyone wants good food while in Las Vegas. Also I would recommend to go during brunch time, that's when I went and it was amazing!
1	The Wicked Spoon was utterly a complete joke!!! The food selection was very scarce...there was absolutely no taste in anything that I tried...the workers were very dry and rude. The lady at the gelatto station was extremely annoyed because I was asking her about the flavors, the guy at the pizza station glared at me because I didn't put the tongs back in its place...well there was no plate for me to place the tongs on...I didn't want to just leave it on the counter! Oh and the sushi rolls was so dry that it looked like it had been sitting out for hours. I regret taking my Sister here for her 50th Birthday! Sorry but Never again will I support this buffet!!!
5	There is nothing that I can say negative about this place. It is a little pricey, but I don't mind paying for good food. The service was excellent. I have been here a few times since it opened, but only for brunch. The choices of food are extremely varied. Today I tried the red velvet pancakes. They were just ok actually. The French toast was delicious. The fried chicken was crisp, moist and seasoned to perfection. The home cured bacon looked like nothing but a slab of fat, but it was OMG delicious, although I'm sure it was a heart attack waiting to happen. lolThe salmon eggs benedict was soooo good. The collard greens were PERFECT. The Korean spicey rice cake was so spicey, yet so very good. I had more before the dessert, but I can't remember what I had. For desert, I had cheesecake, carrot cake, peanut butter blondie, apple crisp and vanilla ice cream. There can't be another buffet in town with desserts better than the ones here. To go along with that, the bottomless mimosas and coffee were oh, so good. My frieds said that that the bloody mary's were awesome. MY friends had never been and really enjoyed it and agreed that we would go again in six months. I can only do one or two buffets a year. I was not able to eat dinner tonight because I'm still full from brunch. It was worth it.
4	i love their congee rice porridge..One of the best i have so far very surprising.
5	The ONLY buffet I will go to. It was AMAZING!! The best beef short ribs I've ever tried. Everything is done with creativity and taste. I loovvee the dessert. The only issue with me is paying to get in and I only eat a little bit if food :/ I get full so fast. It's sooooo worth it though. I suggest you go there on an empty stomach and when you aren't about to show your stomach off :p Enjoy
5	I have been to ALL the casino buffets in Las Vegas. This is by far the BEST buffet in Vegas.The attention to detail on some food items are extraordinary. The crab legs are sliced and evenly placed in small porcelain cups, along with other items such as Korean food. Every single item was fresh and had the best taste.The wait time is not long. Dessert is extraordinary.
3	Don't get me wrong the presentation of the food was adorable and the appearance of the buffet itself was really pretty. I just can't get over the fact that it costs so much and the food wasn't as fantastic as everyone claims it to be. I have definitely had way better food elsewhere in Vegas, but at least I could say I tried it once.
3	One of the most talked about buffets Ive heard so I had to go. Food was wonderful...except, their crab legs were FROZEN & I had to eat it like ice cubes. I had to melt it in my mouth!!! I thought i just got the bad batch so i waited for them to reload, & again, FAIL!! Completely frozen crab legs!!! WTH?!! What a waste-I literally had to roll the crab meat in my mouth until it was edible. Who eats crab meat like that?!!On the bright side. Some of my fav's were1. Salad bar was WONDERFUL!!Beet salad & Cranberry Kale salad YUMShrimp & Scallop shooters Oh YES!!2. Pork loin was heavenly, fat was great!!!3. Collard greens- mmm'MM!!!4. Dessert bar was simply sweet5. I think i drank fresh squeezed grapefruit & OJ & then coffee with desserts!!Crab legs were ultimate FAIL!!4.
4	I paid $88 for my girlfriend and I. I must say that if you're a Vegan (my girlfriend happens to be a vegan), then you're out of luck. She literally ate kale, and a tangerine. There's really not that much to eat except Kale. Not her fault though, just not that great of a selection for vegans.However, if you're like me who eats pretty much anything then it's totally worth it! The quality of the meat is top notch, and the design of the food tops it off. What I mean by design is that these chefs make the food look all pretty and what not.
5	Wicked Spoon is one of my top favorite buffets I have been to. The food is great, good service, and nice decoration. The food was so good and everything was beautifully presented. I almost wanted to have more room in my stomach to try more stuff lol. Everything that I pick was so good. My friends and I went during brunch and was so hungry and ready to eat it all lol. Our waitress was nice, fast, and helpful. The desserts looked so beautiful and were all very yummy. It was my first time coming to Wicked Spoon and I was very satisfied. If you love buffets I highly recommend you try this one.
5	one of the nicest buffets ive ever been to. price is reasonable for the fabulous selection of foods and desserts that they offer. i like how the items are all seperated in their own individual dishes and they also have a mac & cheese bar where you can choose your own ingredients...and it was Delish!! i definately recommend this place and i will come back here when i am visiting Vegas!!!
5	Well it is no wonder why it is highly rated. This was the nicest buffet I have ever been to. So many different choices. Every bit of food is beautifully plated and tastes wonderful. There's an asian bar, gelato, sushi and so many other options. We went for brunch and I wanted to try everything! Had it not been so early, I would have, but something about sushi so early is not appetizing to me. Lots of fresh fruit and vegetables, plenty of things to choose from. Oh, and if you're a platinum Marriott rewards member, you get to use the shorter line. We didn't know that, but thankfully the regular line wasn't long.
5	I'm hooked. Go for brunch its a good deal! :)
1	Very disappointing!!! Overly priced and very poor quality food! :(Came here after reading the reviews but feel let down.
2	I came here yesterday...i read reviews from yelp and saw many ppl give this restaurant positive reviews, so I wanted give a try..or I usially go to Bacchanal which at Cesar for dinner. I paid 80+ for my gf and I, but I felt dissapointed...first I had a bowl of miso soup....i feel salty....seriously....self-made mac&cheese is ok, and lamb is good...also my gf said their chinese dishes ( fried rice and spicy rice cake) were not bad....however, most cuisine are salty...hope they make some changes...plz reconsider cost down for dinner if they dont want to change cuisine style......
3	loved this place until today when I realized it's heading towards average. the meats at the meat station looked like they were a few days old, selection of pre-made little dishes were very limited, and their famous mac and cheese looked old and average. no rolls for breakfast for the exception of sliced bread next to the toaster. what happened since last year???not a favorite anymore. should have tried another buffet because this one has seen better days.
5	This is the single best buffet I have had the pleasure of coming to. Literally everything is delicious here. The food is well prepared, and has a culinary range not only across the traditional time-groups of breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but also across every stage of a multi-course meal. The ambience is perfectly in line with the rest of the hotel and casino (The Cosmopolitan), and the presentation is both upscale and relaxing. The service is courteous and attentive, especially for a buffet. The one drawback is that the price is ~$40 per person and there's typically a 30 minute wait, but the treasure at the end is bountiful and satisfying. Overall, a delightful experience and a Vegas must.
3	Never been much of buffet person too begin with but had friends visiting in town and they had some comps wanted too try Wicked Spoon. Why not! I noticed that it had strong ratings and know its more fancier buffet or upscale strip buffet. The location is interesting because not on the casino floor of the Cosmo but on the second floor so takes some work too find it. Once you get there thinking is this really buffet because the interior screams nothing of the type. The tables not your typical all sane size two or fours or connect bunch of tables together. You have nice couch type of four tops, even have bar stool long tables, wine self service machine (least that what I could gather since non of us drank wine that night), and really nice vibe too it.The food was hit or miss. There were few good things but also for all the good felt like just as much bad. The fried rice pretty much bland but like the presentation in the little chinese to go box. The yakisoba noodles were awesome. Most of the cold seafood apps was fan of from the tako salad, shrimp ceviche, shrimp with grits, and caesar salad. The craving station not fan of the pork belly (the pieces were huge chunks: besides no one at the craving station), the kalbi short ribs were just flat out fatty pieces and gross, never tried the prime rib but looked okay, and might have had something else. I enjoyed the tacos lot between the pulled pork and chicken had go back twice just for more tacos. The fresh salsa and guacamole was good. The jalapeno cornbread was tasty had too get seconds on that one. I do like the diversity with the menu between the three different areas. Dessert area that one that nothing but HIT after HIT. The gelatos, too the petite fours of rice krispies bars, macrons, and every other little dessert delight could think of they had out. So make sure you leave room for desserts when you come too Wicked Spoon. This whole little sauce puts and tapa style plates. Too be fair not all of the food small portions. NOT FAN. I love the look too it! No doubt keeps you from going buffet excess cause in reality no way can fit as much on plate. But really after the second trip gets irritating so I just double stacking pots or plates save trip. The service unfortunately hate too be mean but our waitress literally forgot what we order for drinks had too come back twice too make sure got it right. She took long time too get our drinks. Half the time notice she was talking too group at another table and not really playing attention too other guests. Our glasses always empty and not on it came too clearing out dirty plates. Bad service. In closing say that maybe cause not fan of buffets in general. The amount of money paying would much rather go non buffet enjoy quality food then quantity.
1	Terrible service! After paying I was seated rather quickly but it went down hill after that. The waitress didn't acknowledged that we even needed service until I complained about it 25 minutes later. She was avoiding our table and the one next to us. After we complained she finally came over to act friendly because her boss heard about it. While the entire length of the non - service she never asked us what we would like to drink or even greeted us. The only common denominator was that we and the table next to us were not white. She seemed to be serving all the white people in her area non stop the whole time. I felt embarrassed and frustrated that I had to complain to a manager and nothing changed even then. Food was okay and lacking in variety but decent. Price was not worth the aggravation.  We left after eating without being asked if we wanted a drink the entire service. I will never go to this buffet ever again. I also will not recommend this to the many friends that visit Las Vegas. We weren't the only ones that experienced this racist waitress. Avoid this like the plague. White people only. Sorry but that's how everyone in her area that wasn't white felt like. Three other groups also as we were leaving had no service.Shitty Valentines day!
5	Great decor, great food, one of the best buffets I've been too aside from the buffet at the Wynn, def recommend coming here!
1	I've heard many people talk about this buffet as being one of the best in Vegas. I live in Vegas so I've tried many buffets. I love the Cosmo. It's a beautiful hotel with lovely rooms right in the middle of the strip. I have to say I was really, really disappointed in the buffet. We went today for Sunday brunch. My partner got a comp but we didn't realize that because it's a holiday weekend their prices were almost double the normal price. My fault. As a Vegas resident, I should have known better. We expected to pay about $25-$30 per person but it was $39.99 so we ended up paying over $50 out of pocket. in addition, even a comped meal doesn't get you ahead of the long line waiting to get in. You have to be a VIP of their casino club for that . Okay, our mistake on the cost. After waiting endlessly in line, I was sure that it would be worth the wait. Being a "holiday" buffet, should mean some really good food choices.Their gimmick here is small tasting portions in little bowls, pans, and pots. I like that idea but many of the items were weird combinations that didn't look or sound appetizing to me. I love breakfast buffets because I can have a little of a lot of breakfast foods. I love french toast but it was mushy and inedible. There were red velvet pancakes that had a good taste with a bavarian creme to put on top but maybe because they were so thin and small, they were kind of hard so I didn't get more than one. Also the Bavarian creme container was almost empty and my second time around had not yet been refilled. There didn't seem to be anything normal there. No regular pancakes. Eggs Benedict? No, a salmon Benedict and a beef Benedict but no regular Canadian bacon Benedict. Angry mac and cheese (spicy - didn't like), wasabi mashed potatoes (again, not to my liking), spaghetti but with scallops and weird looking noodles. The pork loin was bland. The homemade Italian sausage at the carving station was pink inside (yuck). There was a whole section of Asian food - sushi and Chinese dishes. Not my favorite so I can't comment but one of my companions loves sushi and wasn't impressed. No Mexican fare. For the price we paid, I was sure there would be crab legs or shrimp entrees. Nope. Nothing that really justified the $40 price tag IMO. They had shrimp cocktail in small tasting cups so if shrimp is your thing, you'd need to take a lot of cups. I'm a dessert-a-holic so when the meal wasn't that great, I still had hopes for the desserts. I was disappointed there as well. The cakes were dried out and just okay. There was a pistachio cake, carrot cake, chocolate bundt, and cheese cake. A chocolate lava cake with raspberry sauce on the bottom didn't have a liquid chocolatey middle like most lava cakes I've had. There were some danishes - strawberry and Nutella, and cookies and tarts. The best were the chocolate covered strawberries. They were large and covered in chocolate and either Heath bar pieces or Oreo crumbs. The desserts weren't bad but they weren't outstanding either. After waiting a long time to go to this place, and spending the equivalent of $120, the best thing I can say is that now that I've been there, I'll never be tempted to go again.
1	Worse high end buffet I've ever been to! Sat down & no service for 20mins. When finally got drinks ordered it was delivered wrong! Plates were not cleared during our entire dinner service! Food was terrible on top of all that. $140 for 2 adults & 2 kids...what a waste. Caesar's Bachannal much better.
1	My bestriend and I decided to try this place for valentines day. Since I've never been here and it's a new casino and search it on yelp the pictures looks like theirs a lot of good variety of food so we decided to try it. When we got there yes theirs no line on a Sunday, which was good. We paid $100 plus tax for me and my bestfriend. So we were thinking this place must be good for the price. Nope! We were hella disappointed! The host gave us a table next to the staff kitchen. Were we hear employees complaining about their jobs and dropping utensils and doesn't pick them up until someonelse is not lazy enough to pick it up. Lazy staff! We were so hungry but we wanted to wait till our server tony comes to get our drinks! He finally came, so my bestfriend and I finally got up to get some. Omg!!!! This buffet is so small! Nothing like yelp pictures says. They shouldn't be posting pictures like that because they do not serve nothing like that. The food sucks! They didn't even have fries, no steam rice or better rice to choose from, no hot sauces to choose, no BBQ ribs, the food looks dried out and plain and no taste at all! I was hella disappointed! My friend and I were getting mad already because we paid $100 something for this buffet and top of that our server never came to refill our drinks! I'm a nice girl but sorry I had to complain to the manager! Because we paid so much for the food and the food sucks or less food and bad service!! Buffet Asia and rio is wayyyyyyyyy wayyyy better than this!! We will never go back and would not recommended it!!!! If you reading this review trust me this place sucks!!!! It's so expensive and less food, the food sucks and bad service! To oily and some meat aren't cook right. I think Panda Express food is way better than this. That's how bad it is!!!
3	To be honest, I don't really care for the food here. Though, I do love that they have chocolate covered strawberries in their dessert station. The food is just subpar. Like, I personally haven't found anything to really like here. I've been here for brunch and dinner so far. The food has no allure but there's just something about it that compels me to like it, sort of, haha.A glass of wine is $8. The interior is very nice looking and it's quite spacious, too. There aren't many stations (at least, it doesn't feel like it) but I guess it suffices in its own way. I don't eat much anyway so I don't care. But with the food that they do have, the quality isn't very appetizing :/.Overall, it's just so-so with a certain appeal.
4	I love this place!! Sunday brunch was pure delight. I was in foodie heaven. Bottomless mimosas..red velvet pancakes..great salads..seafood was amazing..oh man and chocolate covered strawberries with homemade gelato!!!!! Yes I want more please
5	my favorite buffet in las vegas.after so many trips to vegas and being able to sample all of the buffets (either over time and/or via the Buffet of Buffets 24hr pass), there are a few reasons why Wicked Spoon is my favorite.the price is right up there with the costs of eating at the other premiere buffets on the Strip (the Rio, the Bacchanal, the Bellagio) but considering the many different varieties of entrees and desserts, it's the best bang for your buck. the kicker is that for $10 extra during brunch, you can add bottomless mimosas, bloody mary's, and champagne which more than pays for itself after you've had a couple to go along with your meal. it's a good way to sit back and welcome the afternoon with friends!aside from your standard buffet must have's like the prime rib, roast beef, crab legs, and short ribs. but they also have dishes that are a nice twist and a treat considering i don't get to eat that way often like the goat cheese mac & cheese, oysters, crab cakes, and bone marrow. the desserts are delicious: gelato, thai tea ice cream, pastries, cake pops, and pecan tarts highlight the dessert section if you want a step up from the usual apple pie, cookies, or jello.by comparison, the new Bacchanal at the Caesar's Palace is great, but not "worth paying almost $20 more than what you'd pay at WS" great. they also take part in the Buffet of Buffets pass, but to dine there, you have to pay an additional $15 (after you've already paid $50 for the pass itself). and when i ate there a few months ago, i didn't see any dishes that weren't served at WS that would justify the difference in price. enjoy!-civilities.
1	Never cared to review Vegas buffet's because the majority of the time they're roughly the same.  Went to Wicked Spoon and tried almost every dish my little tummy could hold, but almost everything was terrible!  Left very disappointed, better off sticking with one of the classic buffets where you know you're going to get solid quality food and leave very full. Not worth the hype or the $ at all.
3	My experience at Wicked Spoon was simply, A-OK.I'm gonna tell you this before you continue on reading.....BACCHANAL at Caesars Palace is sooooooo much better. More variety, better quality, better presentation. Did I already mention more variety!??!? Bacchanal felt like a never ending choice of items and yet....Wicked Spoon didn't have much. My friend and I went on a weekday for lunch. $26.99 per person. He was visiting from out of town so we were deciding between Bacchanal or this. It was the pictures posted here that swayed us to go to Wicked Spoon. Everything looked good and there SEEMED like a lot of variety available.This is why I took off another star. Lunch schedule is from 11am-2pm. Then they close the entire buffet for a few hours and then they start dinner at 5pm. Ummm...hello!?!!! This is Las Vegas!!! Since when do people/tourists ever eat on time!?! People are drunk and hungover on odd hours of the day and they choose to close the buffet!?!? Come on now.Don't get mistaken...it's not a bad place to eat. Food quality was fine. I give it a solid B. I just wished for more variety like how Bacchanal has. Both buffets I went during lunch time. So for those of you who tried Bacchanal already...you might be disappointed with Wicked Spoon.
3	We came here on recommendation from a hotel employee. Stories of fresh made sushi and other things. Rated #1 in Vegas he said. Not the typical buffet we heard.Waited 10 mins to be seated, not bad. The atmosphere was beautiful. The staff was friendly for the most part, except for the seafood chef who confronted a guest for accidentally dropping food on some plates. The sushi was not freshly made in front of us, it was a bit dried out. So I moved on to the crab legs, which I had very high hopes for. Unfortunately I was disappointed by those as well. The crab legs tasted as if they had been thawed in a puddle of cold water and left there to soak it up.Things we did like : cauliflower mash, made to order Mac n cheese, selections of meats and cheeses, dessert bar.Would I go back, nah. Not worth it.
3	Heard a lot of fascinating things about this buffet and finally made it to Vegas to try it. $38 per person . Wednesday night. Water was good. I liked that there were varieties of food and that most items were already pre portioned in individual containers .  The dessert table was beautiful. The sorbets  and gelato are a must try. Service was great. I thought that the whole buffet was too hyped up. I wasn't too please with the lack of flavors in majority of the items I tasted. For example, how do you mess up a taco? The tortilla wasn't cooked all the way. There was a lot of flavorless food.  I felt hungry still after because a lot of the food were too bland to finish. Sorbets were good. I love a good simple chocolate chip cookie but the one here was not good enough for me to eat one on the way out. It definitely wasn't worth the $38 . I really wanted to love this place. I'm glad I got the chance to try this buffet though.
1	Very disappointed with this buffet.Very limited choices and the dessert does not taste as good as it looks.Will definitely not recommend anyone to go here for buffet.
2	Probably the only thing they had going for them was the make your own mac and cheese station!!  It was delicious but other than that nothing else tasted any good.  The crab legs were sooooo tiny.  They did have a good taste but not big enough to keep going back and back and back again.  Desserts were not good either.  They were mostly very dry or no taste to them.  Would I go back umm. . . No.  I would only go to the Bellagio buffet if I ever even think about coming to Las Vegas ever again.
2	I saw a lot of good reviews and thought I checked it out.  I was quite disappointed.   The crab legs were small and soggy.  I thought there'd be more food selections.  The serving areas were dirty and didn't see anyone cleaning them.  With that high of a price, I thought there would be more seafood selections; good thing we had coupons for buy 1 get 1 off...still not worth the 1/2 price.  The brunch Buffet at the Wynn was better for cheaper.
3	Lots of variety of choices for $40 on a weekend. I thought that the presentation on the food was nice, but it did make it difficult to grab a variety of food on your plate. Had to go up multiple times. Most of the dishes were flavorful. I was really disappointed with the crab legs though. My boyfriend and I really enjoy crab legs and was excited that Wicked Spoon had it on their buffet. The crab legs, however, were sliced so thin and way over cooked. When I was picking out the crab meat from the shell, I would only grab enough to nibble on since they were cut so thin. Also, did not like our waiter. He was just so flustered and not friendly. He also took forever to remove our used plates. Overall, I probably won't return to this place when I go back to Vegas. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.
5	Best buffet ever... That is saying a lot too because not a real big fan of buffets to begin with. Food good. Gelato best had especially salted peanut caramel. Salmon n pork with crispy skin was good. The only bummer is they close early.
4	This is a direct comparison to other Las Vegas buffets and their food definitely falls in the top 3 of best of Vegas buffets. (See also The Buffet in Wynn and Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace). Keep in mind it is a buffet and you will find much better executed food at actual restaurants. The wait can be a bit extreme during weekends and especially during peak times of the year. When in Rome, or Vegas, I prefer to save my buffet days to a day when I feel it won't be as crowded so I haven't experienced a crowd much much but even if I had to, I'd wait here. It's worth the experience, even if you try this place at least once. There are many great places to eat in Vegas, much better than even this buffet, so if you're not looking to gorge yourself, then maybe bust out that Yelp app. What makes this buffet stand out are the individual dishes here that I prefer over other buffets that may have a bit more selection. Duck confit ravioli, KBBQ ribs (though not the best), mac and cheese bar, tiny portioned out salads, fried chicken, charcuterie station, and those random little dishes that have a different twist of flavors that you won't find at other buffets make me enjoy the difference here. Many of their dishes are served in individual containers so it's interesting. I do feel there is a strong difference in quality, execution and variety of dishes you'll find here throughout the year. When I went in January, it wasn't memorable, and definitely not the place I've hyped up to some people. During Summer, it's so busy but you'll still find days in the week where the line won't be as long as the weekends and there are more food options. As for dessert, they have better desserts elsewhere, but their Gelato is made in house and the flavors are unique. If you're looking for many types of different cuisine and a wide assortment of dishes within that type of food or cuisine, you're better off going to Bacchanal.
5	In 5 days, I went here and to the Bacchanal. Wicked Spoon is a very close 2nd to Baccahanal. And I mean close. If the Bacchanal is a 2014 Bentley, then Wicked Spoon is a 2013. That's how close it is.Wicked Spoon has the edge over Bacchanal in Asian food and meats. Bacchanal takes the win for desserts, salad, bread, and Italian.Short story, it's amazing.
5	Most amazing buffet by far, Ever. Must visit every trip to VEGAS. Samira is the best server. Will come back and will tell everyone about this place
5	Best Buffet in Vegas by far!! We came here only for breakfast but the food was exceptional. Everything from the salad to the pastries was very fresh and they have a huge selection for you to choose from. Make sure you leave a huge space for desert because this is the best part- from mini molten chocolate cakes to gelato to chocolate dipped strawberries it's really desert heaven!
4	Absolutely scrumptious! From the eggs benedict to the gelato. Yum! Stuffed ourselves silly on gourmet fare. Sushi, meat carving station, salmon, roasted brussel sprouts...mmm. They have everyrhing to satisfyboth sweet & savory appetites. The only thing i didn't care forwas the rissoto.Get the bottomless champagne too. Totally worth it!
1	So this was a total waste of time. After all the raving I'd heard about this buffet and a family member's recommendation...I decided to make my way with my mom to try out this buffet. My naivety made me think that the Cosmo, being a proponent for the alternative lifestyle would cater somewhat to a vegetarian. So I paid ~$28 per person for a brunch buffet. Let me preface the rest of this review by saying that if I only had 2 dishes to sample and they were of excellent quality...I'd keep my mouth shut. I had a large number of dishes to sample...none of them inventive, none of them delicious and none of them memorable in any way. The salads were bleh...there was a greek salad, kale salad, oven-dried tomatoes, caprese and beet salad. ALL of which did not entice seconds (considering I couldn't even palate the one tablespoon of each salad I took). The angry mac and cheese was shells, velvet and some hot sauce. Although purportedly vegetarian, I spied a few bowls of them with bacon bits. Not cool.There was the usual Italian fare...gnocchi with a basil tomato and black garlic sauce (average), sweet pea risotto (horrible) and cheese pizza (how uninteresting). The Asian section had chicken powder/stock in everything. I was told by one chef that the udon was vegetarian...then another one said, no it was not. I gave up and didn't even try it. I asked if they could make me a simple vegetable roll with soy paper but low and behold...the sushi they get is prepackaged and bought from some conglomerate like Sysco. Cosmo...weren't you supposed to be different and awe-inspiring?The bread offered was BAGELS (like two types) and there were three types of sad cheeses on the charcuterie. Pathetic. The only thing I had with some glee was the red velvet pancake.The chocolate covered strawberries was a nice touch but the rest of the desserts not too good. They do have a pretty legit gelato bar if that's your scene. I had about $5 worth of food. My mom is pissed off at a bad lunch and I'm seething with anger at the absolute blasphemy that is Wicked Spoon. Wynn, Bachannal and Bellagio are way better that this crap. In other news, service was OK and the decor was as if I was in a conference room.Avoid.
4	Wickedly good!  Not your Vegas everyday Buffet.  We liked the variety and unique dishes! Went on a Monday for "Brunch" at around 11.  No wait.  Interesting variety like, salmon eggs Benedict.  Omelet's freshly prepared.  Apple and maple sausage. Spicy Mac and cheese. Kale salad. Pork belly. Sushi. Shrimp. Korean style ribs. Loved the small individual servings for many dishes. Fantastic desert offerings....including sugar free chocolate moose!  Who else does that?   Nice modernistic dining setting with flat screen tv monitors displaying informative definitions of different food types and ingredients.  Priced moderately for a strip hotel but you can use your players card and apply a discount to the bill.  Overall...very impressed and we recommended!
2	I thought most all the food was awful. Definitely not worth the money. Much of it tasted over salted or just not fresh...like it was sitting out too long. Would definitely not go back.
4	Finally got the chance to eat at Wicked Spoon after hearing many good things about it. Usually when I come to Vegas, I always eat at Bachannal inside Caesar's Palace. However, we decided differently this time around. In the plus side, this buffet is more on the inexpensive side compared to other Vegas buffets. For the price, the food is definitely worth it; around $43! I really enjoyed the cute Chinese boxes they had with udon noodles, mixed veggies, etc. They added a unique touch to the typical buffet feel. Included a wide variety of food. Lots of small, individually prepared dishes; just like the ones at Bachannal, as well. Since it was Sunday, their brunch items stayed out until 3, so it was nice to have breakfast too. Who doesn't love super crispy bacon for lunch? Or anytime of the day for that matter! Their freshly squeezed juice or "wicked juice" we're poured into shot sized glasses and was really yummy. Our waitress was nice and made suggestions on which foods to try because it was unique to their particular buffet. But, you could tell she was really preoccupied with other tables and how busy it was. The good thing was, other waiters and waitresses would constantly ask if we needed refills or if we needed any help. The price also includes gratuity so it was one less thing to worry about after we were finished eating. Definitely will add Wicked Spoon to one of my go to buffets in Vegas
5	I was dying to go here after seeing such great reviews on Yelp and it did not disappoint. I had started to second-guess the decision after reading some recent less-than-favorable reviews, but decided to go for it since I had been looking forward to it for so long. It ended up being the best buffet I have ever been to. The food was much higher quality than traditional buffets and stood out in terms of presentation. Their menu seems to rotate, so I won't go into their offerings, but just know that it's worth the price and you won't be disappointed.
4	PROS:- dessert bar is a MUST! From chocolate-dipped strawberries to French macarons to Italian gelato (specifically Thai tea, pistachio and salty caramel!)...ooohhh yeaaa =)- during brunch they have a 'make-your-own-omelette station'- during dinner they have a 'make-your-own-mac-n-cheese station'- the bf swears by the bone marrow!- many of the dishes change frequently- attentive service. Never had an empty glass and our plates never piled up on the table- the red meats at the carving station were always moist and juicy- many of the dishes were displayed in pre-portioned little frying baskets, pots, pans and even take-out boxes. Easy to just grab-n-go. Such cute presentations- the salad/breakfast/bread/cheese bar is essential. Smoked salmon with cream cheese on a toasted bagel was perfection. Their juice shots were refreshingly sweet. Frequented that area a lot- fried chicken wings were crisp and juicy- delicious Korean short ribs- very clean, organized and spaciousCONS:- EXPENSIVE. Lunch is about $40/person and dinner is a hefty $50/person!- since most of the dishes are in little pots and pans you can only fit so much on a plate- just walk by the Asian section--you're not missing out here- lacking a soup selection or maybe I just couldn't find it- frozen crab legs every time I come- pizza selection didn't look and taste fresh- it can get very busy and crowded. The lines to get into the restaurant can get pretty ridiculous during the weekendI can go on and on but I think you get the gist of it. I haven't been to all the buffets in Vegas but I will say that Wicked Spoon is way better than the Rio Buffet or even Bayside at Mandalay Bay. Only problem--it's just so damn pricey. I have yet to try Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace but hopefully I can the next time I'm in town. Until then, Wicked Spoon is by far the fanciest looking buffet I've been to with some great and not-so great dishes.
5	$45 for dinner.Must eats: the mussels in wine sauce, crab legs, and bone marrow. For dessert, mango macaroons, dulce de leche cake, and chocolate cake !The cuts of meats were good too like prime rib. Salad bar, soup bar, italian bar, chinese bar were ok nothing special.Service was ok. I had to flag waiter down for more water when our 2 bottles of water ran out.
1	This place sucks. =( I've already had so many friends tell me that it isn't good, but the birthday boy wanted to try this place so we do what the birthday boy says. It was so soo disappointing. There was no wait at all. They have about 7 different stations of foods and I actually tried all 7, hoping that I would like at least SOMETHING. But.... none. There was barely any seafood selections besides some crab legs which were not fresh or even close to being decent. Everything tasted soo bland. We had a party of 7 and none of us ended up liking the food. Please save your money and go somewhere else!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! And this is coming from someone who actually hates buffets. Hahaha. Wicked Spoon is actually one of the only buffets where I really thought it was worth the money. My husband and I came for brunch, and we enjoyed everything about this place. The ambience, the people, the set-up, AND the FOOD. The food was displayed adorably and everything was realllllly good. My husband LOVED that they had gelato and someone to serve you at the gelato station. LOL. So many choices in different cuisines, that I ended up eating breakfast food, and then lunch food 30 minutes later. I especially loved the omelette station, where you can choose anything you want and they make it to order. The staff was friendly, and it was well worth the money!
4	I love bringing all the out of towners to this place. It's a fun whimsical venue with a large selection of food. The dessert area is huge. Everyone I bring here always enjoys it.
5	I'm glad we settled on this place for buffet. The restaurant is upscale and beautiful. The settings of the food was delicate, well thought of and frankly, very fancy, dainty and proper. I had to fight the urge of lifting my lil pinky everytime I get food from the display area. Lol! I tried EVERYTHING! While some was mediocre, these stood out gloriously! Buffet dinner priced at $36.99. Add $10 more and u get unlimited mimosa, champagne, wine and Bloody Mary. The BEST : Gelato! Holy gelato. Transported us back to Italy and Nice, France where we had the best gelato in our lives. Yes it's that good. Try it, I dare u. U'll be grinning from ear to ear like we did. Thai tea was my fav, followed by the pistachio, balsamic strawberry, salted peanut butter and Chocolate! I shd have started with this one first coz by the time I tried it, I had to find space in my stuffed tummy. Then again I won't eat anything else if I started with this. They should offer DESSERT ONLY menu. I'll pay to eat them. Don't forget to try the CRISPY DUCK, Bone Marrow, juicy Prime Rib, ceviche in shot glass. Be adventurous! The portion is small so u can afford to try everything before u feel sick! Lol! BON APETIT!!!
5	I'm not a big fan of buffets, bit this was probably the best one I have ever been to. We came for Sunday brunch. The selection of food was impressive and I loved all of the single serving pots and bowls the items came in.
1	shrimps are not fresh! Horrible buffet. I won't come back again. Everything was not as good as I expect.
2	The food was good but our waiter 'Lisa' was not there when we were seated. My wife and I had to ask the busboys who our waiter was. People were seated behind us got their drinks first.  We dined in on 8/2/13 @7pm in case management is wondering which Lisa was working.
5	Hands down, the best brunch I have ever had. First of all, $44 for unlimited food, mimosas, champagne and bloody mary's is an unheard of deal in Vegas, especially with food as good as the Wicked Spoon.The buffet boasts everything from pulled pork benedict, to sushi, to gnocchi, to mini wedge salads. Not to mention, the dessert section features chocolate covered strawberries, cakes, custards, cobblers, gelato, and just about anything else you can imagine. It's rare in a buffet setting to eat such fantastic food, but the Wicked Spoon blows just about every other buffet I've tried out of the water. The service was great, as we were constantly brought refills on our drinks. The Wicked Spoon is a must to anyone who visits Vegas! I know this will definitely be a tradition every time I visit.
3	It's a Vegas buffet what else can I say. It was $88.00 for two of us on Sunday night. I'm not a huge buffet fan but it was my partners first time in Vegas so we had to go to one. Would I go back? Well yes if they wanna comp me but no if I have to pay. Again, not saying it's bad just saying typical Vegas buffet. Everyone should try it once. I just feel for $88.00 I can get a better meal that's not a buffet.
1	The food was either to salty or no taste at all....The food needs to be switched up.  I will give them a thumbs up for their desserts. My overall experience here the past few times is that my server was great. But the cashier and the host were not to friendly and the mangers just standing their chit chatting about personal life rather then help seat guest would have been nice.
5	FANTASTICO! About every food in the food group was here from many parts of the world.Me and my man got lucky! We got comped!! Free Buffet say what!!We had it around dinner time and it didn't disappoint!!The deserts was amazing! I've tasted food I never even had before! Great selection and wonderful layout! It's worth the $$!
1	Does anyone know how to give no stars? This place must serve the worst buffet on the strip. I don't understand how anyone would like this food.  Originally, we wanted to have the buffet at Caesars, however, the wait was about an hour wait. Thus, wicked spoon was the alternative. They informed us that there was no wait. So great. When the we got there, the place was practically empty. I think everyone went to Caesars. lolI have to say that the food was terrible. I figured that i would like something but nothing was to my liking. For example, the crab legs was sliced open for you so that it would be easier to eat, however, by doing so, its prevents freshness. I rather do a little work because crab legs is suppose to be eaten that way. They have very cheap food, such as fried rice, fried chicken, pizza, shrimp cocktail, meat, salads, and the like. Oh, forget about the sushi, they were so disgusting, they must be sitting there the whole day. One can tell by the rice being so dry that it falls off from the roll. I just don't understand how they can serve this stuff.The deserts, however, were pretty good but unimaginative. On the bright side i do like their service. But, come on, for a 50 buffet this is such a rip off.
5	Holy risotto, hands down the best buffet I've ever seen. And I only came here for brunch!! There are a lot of really great buffets in Vegas. Here's what stands out about this one:-Risotto-Spicy mac and cheese-Smoked salmon benedict-Wasabi mashed potatoes (wtf?!)-Sweet polenta with pear (I didn't think I would like it. Turns out it's the best thing ever.)-Full dessert bar available at 11amOkay, so that last one is probably standard for a Sunday brunch, but it is nevertheless appreciated. The desserts were all so colorful: white chocolate mousse cake, HUGE chocolate-covered strawberries, little shot glasses of cream or what have you, all-you-can-eat gelato, dollops of panna cotta with a tiny hat of glass-like candy... It was like a portal to the next life. If you're good in this life, anyway.Wicked Spoon also has all of your standard favorites from any Vegas buffet: tiny buckets of fried chicken, a variety of salads in little bowls, and more meat than you could shake a cutting knife at. The individual portions will get you. They're so cute, you just have to pick one up!Contrary to every other buffet, Wicked Spoon had zero items that I felt were the slightest bit off. This place takes zero shortcuts, half-asses absolutely nothing, and not one of their dishes was forgettable. Staff were also very cool: our server (Natalie) cleared dishes at lightning speed and charmed us with stories of buffets past, and the GM (George) came by to make sure we were having the time of our lives. Which we were.Come to Vegas and skip this place. You know... if you hate yourself.
1	Four to five stars for the food but sadly our waitress decided never to come back to our table and four other waitresses we asked for just some orange juice and coffee decided to completely ignore us.  I felt like we were invisible.  The service was soooo bad it was laughable!  Took going up to the front desk to complain just to get something to drink.
3	Wicked Spoon used to be the go-to place for buffets, but ever since Bacchanal opened, they seemed to have taken a downhill turn. Some of hte classics are still there, like the spicy mac and cheese adn wasabi mashed potato, but other items, such as the beef, bone marrow, and roasted chicken just didnt taste that good anymore. Their dessert selections seems to have also shrunk, so I stuck with the chocolate covered strawberries, which, were pretty good. Wicked Spoon doesn't really stand out amongst Vegas buffets anymore. i'd rather pay a little less to eat at the Seafood Buffet at Rio or even the buffet in Paris, which serves prime rib in the afternoon too!
3	Not bad...just average though.
1	Waste $$$ n time, cheap foods, only good services from a waitress.
3	Went on a Saturday for brunch.  Thought the selection was great, but disappointed in the meats.  Tried the Korean BBQ ribs, NewYork strip roast, pork belly - all were tough, chewy, salty.  Eggs benedict and desserts were awesome.  Might go back again for dinner - not fr brunc
4	Ate here Friday and Saturday, everything was tasty except the sushi.  The service was friendly, fast water refills, fast plate removals, but the asian cashier was mean and unwelcoming.  The watermelon siracha was innovative, the goat cheese w lavender amazing, and the sphagetti Nero w langoustine out of this world!  Small portions and getting up to get my own food was good for my waistline, thank you wicked spoon for keeping me fit while pigging out!
3	This place is ok. Service is good. But the food isn't that good. Came here with some friends during afternoon and most of the food are dried out or it has been sitting there for hours already. I like the Wicked juice and cheesecake!!! Most of the desserts look SOOO freakin good ;) but I didn't come here for dessert.
3	So it was my first time in vegas and I did sooo much research for this trip. When I first came across this buffet I was so excited but I have to say I wanted to give it a 2 1/2 star. I don't know if it was because I had such a high expectations of it but I was completely let down. First off who eats ice cold crab legs. I was so sad about that. Second about 50percent of the food was cold and the desserts was off but hey I made the best of what I had. Anyways wouldn't be recommending this place anytime soon.
3	I hate writing long reviews so lets make this short and simple.I took my dad here for his bday, I had been dying to try this place for the longest time and we finally decided to go. Lunch for my father and I was over $100.00 so I was definitely expecting something great. The food was okay.. nothing really stood out. The way that the food was set out and the way they plate everything was very nice. The food looks delicious and looks like it would taste fantastic. However, it doesnt taste fantastic, it tastes okay. The Buffet was not bad , but for the price it definitely was not worth it. Since I am a Las Vegas local, I would have preferred to have saved my $100.00 go to a Station Casino and spend a lot less and have money left over for a movie, etc., etc., Dont think ill be back.
5	As buffets go, this is one of the best. They had some buffet staples, but they had some original dishes. Very large variety and high quality ingredients. If you are more discriminating and want a buffet, this is the ticket. Tried Bachanal, it's fine but WS is might fine.
5	Definitely one of the fancier buffets I have attended. Came here for Brunch on a Saturday, paid about 36 bucks a person. If you want some bottomless alcohol like a mimosa, it'll be about 10 bucks extra. I will say that Wicked Spoon is one of the tastier ones, with the amount of options, being offered, there is definitely something there for everyone! Wait wasn't too bad for brunch, my friends (party of 6) and I were probably in line for about 15 minutes, paid and were seated in another 10! Which definitely was pretty nice since buffets can take quite a long time to just pay! Will say that this is the first time I have seen eggs benedict options both a salmon and beef option anywhere let alone in a buffet. Was extremely delicious! If you're really looking for your money's worth, definitely try to get to the carving station with all the selected meats to try, the options of beef, pork loin, sausages and more! All selections were prepared nicely and were not dry! Favorite part of this place will be hands down their desserts, having a large amount of options to try and a gelato station with numerous options to try! My friend practically tried each flavor!
4	Let me just preface my review by saying that I don't like buffets. I believe that it is an experience meant for mass-consumption of an unhealthy amount of food that is never truly spectacular and provides for a lackluster experience that is meant only to fill your stomach. That being said, I was won over by Wicked Spoon. It featured food in new and creative ways while preserving quality over quantity. Needless to say, it wasn't the most remarkable dining experience you will ever have, however it will make you think "did I really just go to a buffet?"Set in the recesses of the Cosmopolitan resort, getting there can be a challenge in itself. Whoever designed Las Vegas resorts to get you to set destinations clearly set a slot machine or a poker table in your way. Be prepared with some comfortable shoes, because no matter where you park your car or if you valet, the trek is clearly enough to burn off your first plate of food (I'm exaggerating here for the record). Yet if that isn't enough to deter you, the line to pay followed up by the line to be seated might be. Don't give up. When you finally are seated, you are greeted by a diorama of epicurean treats that are hard to be rivaled. From the lighter fare to the more delectable treats, our brunch buffet was among the best I ever had. The smaller plates encourage variety and expanding your taste palate with bites uncommon to the normal buffet. Forget the mass produced scrambled eggs, the cold pancakes and such. Bring on the mushroom risotto with truffle oil, thick cut slow roasted bacon, or perhaps the desire for the gelato bar might arise. The smoked salmon mousse in a cone could be passed up, the watermelon with feta and balsamic reduction right next door shouldn't be passed up. While simple, the crisp flavor of the watermelon is complemented with the salty feta and the sweet tart of the vinegar. While it might be over in a bite, I guarantee you will be back for a couple more of them. The bacon was heaven. Not too fatty or oily, but still offering the silky saltiness to go with your made to order omelet. Be sure to save room for dessert because the gelato was extremely well done along with the other small morsels set away enough to avoid the drool that will escape your mouth. Service was good. Who would have thought I would be talking about service at a buffet!? Yet here I am including the fact that the staff quickly cleared plates, were incredibly pleasant, and never let the water glasses go full. Service usually is tolerable at a normal buffet, Wicked Spoon clearly takes it up a notch.While the buffet has become an integral part of Las Vegas cuisine, don't skimp on the $9.99 buffet that might dote the landscape. Let the wallet be a little loose and skip the slots for an hour and check out the Wicked Spoon. It is definitely worth the experience.
5	Well I may be a rookie to Vegas but i know good food when I see and taste it. I have not been to every buffet on the Vegas Strip and so maybe there is a buffet to end all buffets somewhere out there. But until that buffet stands up and raises it hand I will go on believing that Wicked Spoon has the best brunch buffet on The Vegas Strip. And this may be one of those things that is debated by Vegas scholars and elders until the end of time. Maybe this will be the next food show on Food Network: Finding Vegas's Best Buffet. But until somebody proves me wrong from start to finish Wicked Spoon has to be the best brunch buffet on The Vegas Strip. I mean every morsel of food I ate was better that previous. From the salad bar that offered fresh cut meats and cheese, to the grilled Brussel Sprout salad, and the fresh bagel and lox. The you move to the breakfast offerings, from Eggs Benedict, to chicken apple sausage, and a build it yourself omelette station. Then meats upon meats from crispy chicken wings, to jalapeno sausage, pork loin and  the melt in your mouth pork belly. Then we move to the freshly made pizza, Wicked Mac n Cheese, and the amazing risotto. The once you have moved completely down the expansive buffet with more food upscale restaurant quality food than I could possibly ever list. You must save room for dessert because this may be one of the best dessert bars I have ever seen. Whether it be decedent puddings and pastries or the amazing gelato and sorbet. Then the great cookies and cakes. There is very little about this buffet that is not absolutely spectacular. Almost every single morsel of food in simply delectable. On every future visit to Vegas I will make sure to stop into Wicked Spoon and enjoy the hell out of this buffet. So like I said before if their is a better buffet in Vegas I would love to hear about it because I'm sure they are few and far between.
4	Heard alot of good things about the place so stopped by on a Saturday for lunch.Definitely one of the "higher quality" buffets on the strip.$35 for lunch was a bit steep but the ambiance and the presentation of food was great.They had everything from Korean BBQ, Bone marrow, Kale Salads, pizza, eggs benedict, and home cured bacon. :)The selection of food was excellent although the meats that we tried were all a bit on the salty side...The Kale salad, congi, and eggs benedict were my favorite things of the things I tried.The dessert bar had a very wide selection as well and the portions were small enough where you could grab a few different things without having to worry about not finishing. The icecream and the dark chocolate mouse were my favorite desserts.So if you have a big appetite and want to try a lot of different things, this would be a great place to try @ the Cosmo. The next time I go it will probably be for dinner though. Too much $$ for lunch.Good to take coworkers, friends, customers, family, and a date.
5	Wicked Spoon was my first Vegas buffet experience! And I'm really glad it was! I was here on a trip with my girlfriends and we all had a great time. Our server was great and always on top of keeping our drinks filled and clearing away our empty plates. I'm usually wary of buffets and proceed with caution because food is just made in a huge bulk quantity--- usually lacking in seasoning and all of that. But I was pleasantly surprised by the variety, taste, and creativity of the dishes. We got there around 11am and started with breakfast foods. Smoked salmon eggs benedict was on point. Then we wandered into lunch territory. I loved their fried chicken (they are served in cute mini fryers too), gnocchi, kale/quinoa salad (yay for healthy options!), risotto...basically I liked everything I tasted. They also had some not so normal dishes such as sriracha infused watermelon (interesting! but only worth one try) and goat cheese panacotta (kind of odd..). I love the idea of combining unexpected flavors so seeing dishes like that made me very happy :)They also had some great freshly made juice concoctions (I'm assuming they were freshly made) like pineapple, mango, and melon juice.Then we moved into dessert!!! Obviously every review here raves about the dessert and it's true...the dessert selection is awesome. I tried some of the pastries but mainly went straight for the gelato! Straciatella is always my favorite, and it was great here:)At the end of the day, we ended up staying here for 4 hours just hanging out and eating. I think they let us do that since it wasn't a super busy weekend but props to them for not kicking us out. Will definitely be back here the next time I want a buffet on the strip!
5	I LOVE Wicked Spoon.  I think this buffet is better then the buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio.  Both are wayyyy over priced and over rated.  I try to go to this buffet everytime I visit Vegas!!!
4	Great buffet! I hate going to a buffet and having a wide variety of food...all of which are nasty. This buffet had many great choices! It wasn't particularly all five star food but it was yummy and having so many options to choose from is always a feature I enjoy. There were also a lot of dishes that the chefs could make fresh for you here and did I mention the all-you-can-eat macarons?! The food was definitely pretty darn good as well as the desserts.
3	It's pretty dead right now but they do pick up after 7. I thought this place was okay, I actually enjoyed the buffet at ARIA more. The selection was really nice, but I just wasn't wowed. The service was wonderful and that alone made it all worth it.  I'm not really trying to insult this place, I guess if I were a seafood person, I would be in heaven. I guess I was just expecting more variety.
5	With the exception of Caesar's Bacchanal, I've tried every buffet on the strip and this one is still my favorite, food-wise.  (In terms of interior design, I've got to hand it to the Wynn).  Lots of choices, everything tastes great, and I love how they offer a number of original dishes you wouldn't normally see at a buffet.  The only downside is where it's located in the hotel.  It's set off in an abandoned corner, far from the casino end of things.  Kind of weird but still worth the trek.
5	Best buffet I have ever been too, hands down! The food was simply amazing, overall quality of food and the presentation were superb. Only caveat is finding a time when they are not so busy - we stood in line drooling for  little over an hour but the experience was well worth the wait! (Little trick to cut down the wait time is to send one person to wait in line to buy the brunch ticket while another person waits in the line to get seated) I will come back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	The concierge at my hotel hight recommended the Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan.  I went with a group of co-workers on a Thursday night about 6:30 and there was no line, we just walked in.  I was not prepared for this place. This is one of the best buffets I've ever had.  Some of the buffet items were the most exotic I've ever seen which included duck, Korean BBQ, sushi, prime rib, bone marrow, pea risotto, custom made Mac-n-cheese, gelato, and the list goes on and on.Most items were served in small single servings which helped me control portions and go back for a second and third round of servings.  The food was fresh, service was excellent, the buffet and restrooms clean, and overall ambiance elegant and comfortable.  All of this for a $44 charge including tax is making me move this to the top of my Vegas "must do" list. Cheers and enjoy!!
2	I came in at about 2:30ish, no line so that was a plus. Disappointed in the selection of the food (very little for a buffet) but everything tasted great! I guess we came in at the wrong time because I was very disappointed after reading such good reviews. Not worth the money. ):
1	Have lived here for 15 years and have had great food and not so great food and will have to say that this is one of the worst buffets in this town. The general quality of the food was a zero; desserts were very well done and I am not a dessert person; service staff were excellent. Many selections were gone no matter how many attempts to see if they had been replenished. Standouts were the ribs and pork belly. Hot sauce on a piece of watermelon not so gourmet !!!It's not about the price; don't care about that; it's about the quality and this just doesn't have it.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else !!!
5	We don't go to Vegas very often, but when we do, we hit up the buffets! We usually do the $40 wristband unlimited buffet in the Paris hotel, but we decided to branch out of the "buffet group" (Rio, Paris, Planet Hollywood). We yelped brunch buffets, and Wicked Spoon had the highest rating. We got here around 11:30 AM on a Saturday and waited 20 minutes, which means we must have just doges the lunch rush. The service was EXCELLENT. We got the $10 unlimited mimosas (what a deal!) and Kyle, our server, was more than attentive. Every time our glass was empty, Kyle comes along with another mimosa. The price or the buffet was $36, but absolutely worth it. All the food comes in individual portions, fresh, and the food does not run low. Oh, and the desert bar is to die for. I am not sure why this place got some bad reviews, but it has met all expectations come in and more. We will definitely be back. Thanks Cosmopolitan and Kyle!
2	Food is really salty.. kinda taste like they put msg in everything but good service and good variety of foods
5	We went to the Wicked Spoon on our last morning before heading to the airport and I'm so glad we didn't miss it! Literally all of my favorite foods were in the same room! The brunch assortment included eggs Benedict, smoked salmon, gelato, and sushi. And it was really affordable - if you go during the week it's $26 and you can add bottomless Bloody Marys or mimosas for an extra ten. A must try!
2	How is the rating so high? The food is mediocre at best.  They didn't specialize in anything, and the multinational section all sucked pretty bad. They had Chinese selection, but what in the world is kungpao cauliflower? We don't have that dish. Also Korean rice noodles and BBQ ribs? Nasty.. Sushi? Machine made rice w/ nasty farmed salmon with color additives.  Sorry,  but ain't good when there's no line.  Also if it was that good,  you wouldn't need to give 2 for 1 advertisement on a United flight.
3	Went here for brunch on a Saturday, it was meh. Food was okay, drinks were always full. I wish I could give 3.5 stars instead of 3. The bad: not much variety. Braised beef Benedict had great presentation, but very dry meat. the Korean short ribs were salty (from what my friends told me, I didn't try.) the carrot cake fell apart, and the garlic bread was incredible dry. The good: plenty of options for desert, sorbet and gelato anyone?! The wicked pizza was delicious as was the fried chicken. and the waitress always made sure our mimosas and bloody Mary's didn't run dry.  The drinks are the reason I wish I could give 3.5 stars. Overall? I probably won't come back.
2	everything was salty, seafood offering sparse.  I like bacchanal 100 times better and I'm a die hard cosmopolitan fan.
4	Mac N Cheese Bar, a multitude of gelato flavors...need I say more?! Definitely one of the better buffet experiences I've had in Vegas; wicked spoon did not disappoint. It was impossible for me to try everything they offered, but of the things I did try, I was quite impressed. My favorite thing was probably the entire salad bar. There was this pimento cheese thing with a little mandarin slice, and some candied piece added to it that was DELICIOUS. I would stay away from the Asian food seeing as the 3 choices of sushi was definitely the quality of buffet sushi, and the rest of the selections weren't that great. Everything else was YUM. Dessert was awesome too; try the thai tea ice cream!
5	Went on a wednesday morning about 9:00 a.m and walked right in with no wait.  Server was most attentive (considering it is a buffet) and kept our drinks fresh.The selections were "crazy good" but requires a GPS device to locate specific items. My strategy was to graze on interesting selections rather than search for traditional breakfast items.  After all, why would one settle for the usual when so many unique selections are available. Between my son, my wife, and me, we must have tried well over 25 items. The food was outstanding and because it was prepared in individual servings, the sanitation factor was superior to traditional buffet food troughs.Although we did go for breakfast, a great deal of their selections could serve as lunch or dinner, depending on your biorythmic status. This is a Vegas "must do".
4	So of course being in Vegas one the most important things to do is check out their infamous buffet selections! Even though i have been to wicked spoon a few times before i actually have not had their breakfast selections and i have to say it is just as good as their lunch! The selection they have is superb! And satisfied all my needs! I was able to make my own lox bagel which is super cool because i love lox bagels! :) The Chinese food portion was not too great but the fried rice and sushi was on point. But the best part would be their bakery/dessert section! they have so many items to choose from and my favorite would have to be the croissant section because they have cheese, chocolate and regular which are all my favs. So its pretty easy to say I'm def. coming back for breakfast when my next trip comes along haha.
3	3.5 rounded down.I went to the Bacchanal first,  and the Wicked Spoon is no Bacchanal, but still quite good compared to most hotels around town (Did you know the one near the entrance of the Rio is actually quite good?). They have a decent selection of food - I actually really like their cheese selection and salad bar. There's even a make-your-own-macaroni section, and the dessert gelatos are more eccentric than other places. Also, the service was nice - the waitress was actually friendly, which is rare to encounter at any buffet.I don't really remember the price tag, but it's cheaper than Bacchanal.
4	I consider myself a seasoned Vegas-goer, thus I have tried my fair share of buffets. There are only two I even dared to remember and this is one. The selection was so diverse, yet everything seemed to be made with same level of care and attention. Unlike some buffets, the staff was noticeable and helpful. There were people rotating the food to make sure it stayed fresh, discarding of items that may have aged or appeared unacceptable. And for brunch... the mimosas are quite powerful. At one point, our host brought us a glass of straight champagne because she said our mimosas were too watered down. I will make this buffet a regular stop on my Vegas adventures!
5	Wicked Spoon, Aria and The M are my favorite buffets in town.  Top quality of food without all of the salt and fillers.  Wicked Spoon takes it up a notch with the variety of items on the buffet. SO good, either breakfast, brunch or dinner!
4	Arrived in Vegas, Saturday afternoon and everyone in my party was famished.  My BFF says lets try the buffet at the Cosmopolitan, I heard it was really good. TRUTH! We all know most buffets are gross unless you spend an arm and two legs.  This one was different, they had lots to choose from and they were constantly cycling in fresh food. My group came on the last leg of brunch so we were able to have the brunch and dinner menu.What I really liked is that most of the food was already portioned out in cute little container and/or plates.  In my opinion that cuts down on wastefulness and it made the presentation that much better.  If you're going to be in Vegas with a group of friends, I highly recommend.
5	Ive been here tons of times and my favorites are the salads, seafod paella, and desserts.  The food is pretty good overall, not like your typical buffet.  The chinese dishes are a bit underwhelming but their miso glazed chen is actually pretty good.   They serve some of their food in tiny pots which make it look more appetizing.   For breakfast, I really like the omlet  station, the cheeses, house granola (very crispy), the apple cobbler, and their sausages.
2	This has been my favorite buffet since they opened. This time I have to say was the worst buffet I've gone to. We went around 1:30 pm on a Sunday. It was $34.00 a person and that didn't come with any cocktails. I walked up and down the buffet twice and couldn't find one thing I liked. I opted for some beets, tomatoes and a slice of bread. The next time I went through I got a piece of top sirloin that was so tough I couldn't eat it. I was telling my son that I couldn't find anything I liked. He agreed. Finally around 2:00 I went back one last time. Low and behold there was several things on the buffet that weren't there originally. My suggestion would be to go before noon or wait until after 2:00. That must be a transition period. Also the service was awful. We had plates on our table that they didn't pick up. Got our drinks and they were the wrong ones. I had to grab a busboy to get the correct ones. For $76.00 I could have gotten a lot more somewhere else. I'm truly disappointed that they have let their buffet slide. I stay at The Cosmo and it's easy to get to. But don't think I will be back.
3	Came here on a Friday night, $41 + tax. I didn't think it was worth it. I was disappointed in the selection of food and the stale rubbery tasting desserts! Was it because it was 9pm and they closed at 10pm? Regardless, it shouldn't have mattered! There were a few little things I enjoyed. The octopus poke, the shrimp with polenta, and the garlic mashed potatoes. The lamb ribs (I think it was) was also pretty good. I found most of their items very greasy n oily. Their Chinese fried rice was gross n greasy.  Yes, some of the packaging was cute, like the Chinese type mini take-out boxes, but the food inside of that box was unimpressive.  Salad section was just ok, they had a kale salad that wasn't bad. The New England clam chowder was not good to me. The paella was just ok. It had shrimp, mussels and sausage in it. They also had duck with a hoisin sauce on the side which wasn't too bad. I just didn't find anything so amazing that I wanted to go back for more of it. Tried the black squid ink pasta. Not bad but the pasta tastes overcooked a bit. The bone marrow? I was Soo excited to try this but after looking at it and trying it, was gross fatty tasting and unflavorful. If I'm going to eat that much fat, it better be flavorful! Desserts. There was a huge selection of dessert and I tried ALL of it!! The only thing worthwhile? The chocolate molten cake! Oh and the apple cobbler. Everything else was rubbery and cakes n cupcakes were not moist! They did not have any fruit there which I thought was odd. All in all, I was quite disappointed. I prefer the Bellagio and Wynn buffets over this one.  Guess now I won't have to wonder about the Wicked Spoon any longer!
4	Adding another 4 star review.   It is fantastic.   The endless mimosas and bloody mary's were a big win although I didn't like the fact that you had to pay at the table for them instead of when checking in.   United Airlines had a nifty 2-1 buffet.   This is a steal for 2-1.   Go there!!!
2	What a rip off. For over $50 a person you would expect the buffet to have an amazing selection of food. But the only thing with any flavor was the Nutella gelato (which was truly the best I've ever had). The hostesses upfront were rude and the drink and table service wasn't anything special. From the crab legs (which as the worst) to the dry ribs....nothing made our time or money at the wicked spoon worth our while.
4	I honestly can't remember the last time I ate at a Vegas Buffet but I will remember Wicked Spoon. After a few days of eating nothing but liquor I was in some serious need of food. I had heard a lot of good things so I trusted my friends and they didn't lead me astray. The price seemed reasonable for what they offer. There's a great variety and I really appreciate that a lot of the options are portioned out for you. I might have a slight problem with having eyes that are larger than my stomach, so having things pre portioned helped me to try more of what was offered. Everything we had was great and there were some pretty creative dishes. There's also a gelato bar. You can't be mad at that.
5	Go.We won a little bit of money gambling on Saturday night, so we decided to splurge a little on brunch.  Maybe it was better because it was "free", but everything was amazing.Don't be intimidated by the line - it really does move quickly.  The decor is absolutely beautiful and I was really tempted to sneak out with some of the artwork!  Service was also fantastic, especially for a buffet.  My coffee cup was always full and there are always fresh bottles of water on the table - essential for a hangover brunch.I don't even know where to start with the food.  I resisted the temptation to start at the dessert buffet and I may still be slightly regretting that decision because I have no self control and barely had room for dessert.  The variety and creativity in the food really blew me away - lots of asian fusion options, mac & cheese with just a little spice, sushi, kale salad, lots of benedicts and endless bacon and sausage... I could go on but you should really just go experience it for yourself.  Can't wait to come visit you again, Wicked Spoon!
5	Love the Cosmopolitan so much! My husband loves Wicked Spoon for the Brunch a lot & the chocolate covered strawberries are his favorite dessert in Vegas! The pizza is awesome & the Asian inspired entrees Re really wonderful! Great service always is found here, and the hot tea & coffee help to revive me when we stay here! The French toast, eggs Benedict , and applewood bacon are the best! Great value here!
5	I didn't know buffets can be so sophisticated! I guess for the price ($38/person) on a weeknight for dinner you shouldn't expect anything less. The venue is super nice, it's the Cosmopolitan, so of course it will be fancy and over the top! The restaurant is tucked away on the 2nd floor in the corner but once you get inside it is quite impressive.  Service is great, and the food selection is like no other.I started with the caprese and papaya salad which was very flavorful. I had two servings of the shrimp paella, big jumbo shrimps and mussels that were drenched with flavor.  Another favorite dish I had was the gnocchi; I like how they serve some of the food in separate mini pots to keep the flavor locked in. Then I had to try the Indian food with the curry rice (yum!) and tandoori chicken both were delicious. Also had a plate full of the snow crab and marinated mussels. What can I say, a lot of different selections and it was hard to make up my mind and before I knew it I was full. Of course, left room for desserts, unique chocolate covered strawberries dipped in heath bar crunch and oreo cookie crumbs. I didn't care too much for these however, the mango macaroons were to die for! They seriously melted in my mouth! I would say this buffet is at the top of my list for buffets in Vegas and I would definitely return. If you are a seafood lover, this is the spot!
4	Great place for brunch buffet!! This place is very high end. I loved breakfast, lunch and desert.
5	Wicked Spoon is .... well ... wicked!!!! Meaning Wicked Good and Wicked Temptation!  I saw this place on a random Travel Channel show and put this on a my "Must Go To' List while in Vegas.  Pricing was $38 for weekday dinner and kicking myself for not using the 2 for 1 coupon that I got on the plane.Decor was stunning and service was great.  The presentation was beautiful with many of the dishes coming in their own little bowls, plates or silver pans.  Having limited capacity on one's plate helped to slow down the buffet mania so often experienced in casino buffets.  I think the objective of the chefs was to allow the patron to sample many dishes without over-gorging.My absolute favorite was the bone marrow .... served with thinly sliced french bread and coarse sea salt.  I have never seen this dish on a buffet before and it was delicious!!!!Other items of note:-  Prime rib YUM!  You could get it sliced or on the bone-  Handmade sausage-  Barbecued shrimp with grits-  Mac and cheese bar -  Beet salad-  Duck wings-  Korean dokboki-  Ceviche-  Snow crab clusters-  Shrimp shrimp shrimp - whether cocktail or peel your own-  Too many to listI never thought I would give a buffet a 5 star rating, but Wicked Spoon exceeded my expectations ... and my expectations were high!
4	Lovelovelove Wicked Spoon! Probably one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. I went for brunch on a Wednesday & their was no wait at all. Everything looked so creative & tasted so good! There was everything from Japanese food to Chinese food to American breakfast with a slight twist. My favorite thing had to be the dessert selection though. The chocolate covered strawberries were HUGE! I think I tried almost all the gelato flavors they had & they were all delicious! I recommend the Thai tea & Nutella! Soooo good, you'll love it!It's on the pricier side, but you should at least try it once. :)
4	Everybody who comes to LV at least ones a year are so used to eating buffet, this i would say is a good mive up to buffet restaurant...it feels a bit more fine dining since the a lot of the food are already plated but not seating in the tray long that they either get cold or dry up...the atmospere was not hurried up so you feel like you need to leave soon so they can serve other guests...if you want to feel the future tone of Las Vegas, try to slow down life in this restaurant...
4	Service:Waitress was very friendly and efficient at refilling our drinks and picking up plates.Decor:Very trendy and upscale. Loved it!Food:Delicious! My faves were probably the Shepard's pie, tandoori chicken, and creamy spinach! The meat had a lot of fat on them, which was unavoidable to eat at times... Gross (in my opinion..not a fatty lover)Lots of choice for dessert! Price:38$ per person for dinner is pretty reasonable, but probably won't be going back again.Overall great experience and would recommend checking it out!
4	Bummer! So I've been having a hard time deciding if Bacchanal buffet at Caeser's or this buffet was the winner... It seems like each time I go to either one, it's just too hard to decide!Anyways, based on my most recent experience here, I've come to the conclusion that this buffet is very good still... but Bacchanal buffet is the clear winner. I've been here numerous times... at least 5 or 6... and it seems like it was never as good as it was when I first tried it. Now, that may have been because it was all new and the concept of how they served things was new in the buffet world... but now that more places are doing the same thing - those individual sized servings, the food here seems to have gone down in quality. The last time I went was the last time I went to Vegas, just this past January. The food selection is not as vast as Caeser's... and unfortunately, some of the food I had was not as hot or fresh as it should have been. I think part of that problem is that a lot of hungry customers have been venturing out to other buffets and so the turnover of food as not what it used to be and so the food sits out longer... Don't get me wrong, much of the food here still tastes very good... but it didn't have quite the wow factor of Caeser's. The prime rib here was very yummy though. Very juicy and tender!The good thing here is that the prices are much better than at Caeser. It's less than $40 for dinner compared to over $50 at Bacchanal over at Caeser's. The place is still very clean and the decor is very nice. I've always have nice servers that are attentive and work hard. It seems like they have thrown out lunch here altogether and it's either brunch or dinner. They do have a 2 hour period here between the meals which is apparently their "happy hour". I have never gone to that, so I do not know what that means for a buffet... unfortunately, it seems like you cannot go here for lunch in hopes of getting dinner food instead because of this "happy hour".
5	THE ABSOLUTE BEST BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, HANDS DOWN!!!Come for brunch (make sure you get there at least by 1 p.m., because they close at 2 p.m.). It's around $25, which surprisingly is cheaper than most Vegas buffets of much lower quality.The selection of food is ridiculous, everything from breakfast to short ribs to sushi to fried chicken, just everything. And their desserts are unbelievable! One of my favorites that I've seen there a couple times is a Chocolate Molten Cake. They also have a section with about 15 different Gelatos to choose from, including a Nutella flavor.Besides the food, another reason why Wicked Spoon is the best is because the majority of the food is in individual serving dishes. It's not like most buffets where you have to scoop up what you want out of a huge serving platter, which is disgusting because you have so many people coming into contact with what you're about to eat.I can't say enough great things about Wicked Spoon, a MUST when in Vegas.
3	Very good buffet but expected more given the hype.  Maybe because we were there during lunch. Will try dinner next time.
4	What am amazing buffet!  I love how they serve individual plates enough to sample.  The food was delicious!  I definitely recommend.  Spacious. My favorites: prime rib,  octopus poke, ceviche,  and dessert
5	Date & Time:  Saturday March 29, 2014 @ NoonLocation:  The CosmopolitanDining Companion:  The HusbandScene:  Groups of Guys & Girls in Bikinis under Candy-Colored Short Dresses Brunching Before Heading to Marquee Day ClubDecor:  Contemporary Buffet w/ 6 Food StationsService:  Very Friendly, Nice & EfficientImbibe:  Wicked JuiceDevour:  Individualized Servings of Chinese Food in Mini Take-Out Containers, Food Served in Tiny Cones, Mini Cakes & DessertsTotal:  $80
4	Very eclectic food variety and very, very good.  The waitress was delightful.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a contemporary buffet on the strip.
5	The wicked spoon really impressed me with their creative salad and appetizer sections. I came here for Sunday brunch and they had a very nice selection of foods. Too many to list here. Some highlights of the meal: the bacon was super crispy and delicious. Asparagus salad and the artichoke salad were perfect. The squid ink pasta was amazing. The sweet polenta was delicious. The dessert selection was pretty good but limited since it was the brunch selection with a lot of pastries.
3	This was a fun evening.  The buffet service is laid out well and accessible  even when it was busy.  The choices and variety were excellent and the quality of food was better than other high-end buffets in vegas.  As a vegan, there are usually not many options, but there were quite a few.  The service was satisfactory; our plates were removed quickly, but we had trouble getting our drinks refilled.  The restaurant is comfortable and surprisingly casual, I even saw people in athletic clothing (maybe elastic waist bands are a good option).  The variety of food made it fun to explore different offerings with friends.
2	I had read the reviews for this buffet on our way to Vegas and when we arrived we had a buy one get one free coupon so my daughter and I decided to check it out.  I must say we were a little more at the end of the breakfast time but there was still plenty of breakfast items to choose.  They were changing to lunch as we were picking our food.  I became annoyed when I was picking some cantelope from a tray and before I was done the tray was swiped away from me leaving me with tongs and an empty space.  What we did have was okay, nothing spectacular; our server was quick and friendly.  I wouldn't plan on doing this again not even on a two for one deal.
5	Yes indeed! This is what Vegas buffets are all about. It's been a while since I've been to Vegas and I visited the buffet at Rio back then. I was tired of people looking at me crazy when I told my archaic Vegas stories, and needed some new experiences. Must. Eat. Wicked. Spoon.We went in just before all the breakfast items were getting removed for the lunch rush. Perfect timing because eggs are a perfect equalizer after a night of heavy drinking. 1st plate: I went with salmon benedict, steak benedict, smoked salmon, mini pancakes w powdered sugar, and fruit. Contentment and curiosity kick in; starting to snap out of the hangover haze. 2nd plate: I grabbed some duck wings, creamed asparagus, angry mac and cheese, collared greens, teriyaki chicken, egg rolls, and braised beef. My friend who is not a fan of duck enjoyed the duck wings, and I devoured my second plate before my friend finished her first. "I'll be back."3rd plate: was a blur, but I loaded it up with all kinds of ridiculous combinations. Chow mein, shooters of chocolate mousse, more beef, fried chicken, carrot cake, strawberry lime custard (not so good) mini waffle cones stuffed with chocolate something and other stuff... I could not see the bottom of the plate. Is it wrong to eat on the way back to my seat? More engorging.4th plate: I grabbed a plate of crab legs, a plate of steamed mussels, and was about to explode. My only complaint about the crab legs is that they serve them cold, but I'm sure they would steam them if asked. Everything was delicious, I really like the fact that things don't sit out all day and crust over. They are constantly cooking up something new and rotating items to select. (TIP: If you see something you like on a particular trip to the buffet, grab it while you can, it might not be there by the time you come back. This happened twice before I finally got those steamed mussels)Another customer and I were talking on the way out and he shared his opinion that the buffet in Caesars is much better. I won't take his word for it, but he seemed pretty convinced and big guys take their food seriously. I need to try it myself first, but Wicked Spoon was well worth every penny. Do yourselves a favor and enjoy the experience. Another tip: Wicked Spoon is located on a floor within the hotel where smoking is prohibited.
2	I wanted to love this place, I did. I talked everyone into go to the Cesars Palace one (it is said to be #1 afterall!) but after getting a 2 hour wait no one else wanted to go. So we ended up here.I called ahead and was told no wait, obviously things can change. We waited about 5-10 minutes to pay. It was $109 for my hubby, me and my 7 year old son who wouldn't eat much. We got into another line. This one took about 30 minutes. And I was getting anxious. They told us they will take the food away at 9:15 and here it is 7:55 and I am still in line! The selection was meh. I was so depressed they did not have creme brulee. The prime rib was great but I really was not very impressed with their selection of food or dessert. I wish I would of tried this place for brunch not dinner. All in all a disappointment  :(
5	I caught the yumminess in it's last half hour for dinner. Even though the experience was cut short, it was worth it. I definitely will come back to enjoy a tasteful experience. Presentation of the tapa size portions is best for me because I can experience all that is offered. My favorite was the shrimp and polenta for entrees, and the Rice Krispies for the deserts.
4	This is probably one of the better buffets vegas has to offer. We went for brunch and beat the long lines. The choices are much more exotic such as the eggs benedict, gnocci, duck legs, Etc. They have a good salad bar, yogurt and granola, breads and spread, etc.The dessert section had ice cream, little cakes, panna cotta, a lovely passion fruit cake, croissanta, donuts, chocolate covered strawberries, and more.While buffets aren't the highest quality of food, wicked spoon does a good job of keeping things fresh and interesting.
4	We ate at their Sunday brunch this last week.  Adult price was 34 and children was 18.  The prime rib was delicious.   Crab legs were on the small side.   The selection is limited compared to other buffets.   For instance, only one kind of salad and dressing. Chinese food offering was sub par.   We went again on a weekday for lunch too.   Adult price was 26 and I think the children price was 16.  We showed up at 1 to find out that the buffet closes at 2 and reopens around 5.  They call it brunch on the weekdays and so there was still breakfast at 2.  They had a tri tip roast which was juicier than most other buffet's prime rib.  In general,  small selection, but what they do offer is for the most part above average.
3	After all the rave reviews from Yelp users, personal friends, and 'best Vegas buffet' articles, I had very high expectations for Wicked Spoon.  After not eating all day and paying $44 for dinner there (on a Saturday night), I was ready to grub.  From Asian, American, Italian, and seafood, they had a wide range of food to choose from.  I liked how they had a macaroni and cheese bar - you chose the toppings and someone made it for you.  It was hearty/heavy/and yummy.  I also liked how they served some of the dishes in small buffet portions, so as not to waste food.  They had cute tiny pots and pans you could load onto your plate.  For dinner though, I mostly stuck to the seafood: ceviche, crabs, and mussels.  Ambience and enviornment is amazing.  I really like how the restaurant was set up and decorated.  The designer did a great job. At the end of the day though, what we pay for is the food.  The mussels were yummy, but nothing really blew my mind away...except for dessert.  I made the right decision in choosing Thai Iced Tea flavored gelato.... OH MY GOSH - whatever you do,  get this!  I wish this was sold in local grocery stores, because this is what they did right. Would I return to Wicked Spoon?  Yes.  I would like to try this place for brunch!  I would also return for dinner, but only during the week.
4	This is one of the best buffets I've ever been too. You have choices of Middle eastern food, American, Italian and Chinese/Japanese with some deserts. My favorite were the primer ribs and lamb chops. It's about $41 per person for dinner. It gets crowded around 7pm. We went around 5pm and it wasn't busy then. The bathroom is also clean and nice.
5	Holy yum. Wicked Spoon really lives up to the hype as one of the best (if not the best) buffets ever.Arrived here on a whim with some girlfriends after checking into our hotel. Upon arriving, our wait was fairly short and we were seated at a clean, large table. The buffet options are ENDLESS. Literally. There is food from nearly every corner of the earth, and the little stylistic touches of serving certain dishes in mini steel pots or little Chinese take-out boxes were adorable. My favorite dishes were the ceviche, shrimp n grits (significant because I normally hate grits), paella, and panko crusted salmon (I think you get the gist, I'm a HUGE seafood fan). The salad bar was amazing as well--so many different salad options with a diverse range of toppings, which is excellent since I'm very picky about salad fixings. I barely had enough room for dessert--and by that I mean I literally only had room to sample a couple of dessert options. Wicked Spoon is an awesome buffet and I'll be sure to stop by here next time I'm in Vegas!
5	A wonderful array of high quality dishes! Highlights included the bone marrow, the mac n cheese bar, the chicken wings, the ceviche and other small seafood dishes, and the chocolate lava cake (which tasted more like a souffle) for dessert. On a different level compared to other Las Vegas buffets.
3	Went to wicked spoon for the second time and it wasn't as good as bacchanal, however it is a bit cheaper.The food was ok wasn't much selections and they didn't have the bone marrow that everyone was raving about. Prime rib a bit salty. Wasabi Mash was good. Octopus salad and kale salad were both good.
5	I love this buffet. I love the small plates of food. I have never been a person to go to buffet and load my plate with heaping spoonfuls of food just to take 1 bite of this and nibble of that. Waste really bothers me so when these nice buffets started this portion control I became a big fan of buffets. Lots of choices everyone leaves happy!
4	"A bloody mary first thing, a bite at the King's Head, couple at the Little Princess, stagger back here and bang... back to the bar for shots." -- Shaun of the Dead (2004)Buffets are hit or miss for me - they can either be stellar and full of amazing bites, or kind of gross and disappointing.  I had heard great things about Wicked Spoon from a friend who had visited last year, so we hoofed it to the Cosmopolitan from Mandalay Bay.  We were not disappointed.We were greeted by lovely hostesses and walked to our table.  Our server immediately asked us what would we like to drink - the other 4 ladies opted for mimosas (bottomless) while I went for the bloody mary (also bottomless).  Our drinks would be half full and a new one would be delivered - that's what I call service.Our timing was such that breakfast items were still out and they were slowly being replaced with lunch items - so we got the best for both worlds. Pastries, eggs, ham, bacon, pancakes, waffles. etc. And then came the lunch items - quiches, pork loin roast, roast beef, mac and cheese, shrimp, stir frys and more.  Everything I ate was delicious and well-prepared. There was just so much of it, and I wish I had a bigger stomach, or maybe a second one so I could enjoy it all.  The service was spot-on - the emptied plates were cleared out quickly so i had a cleared place when I returned with a new one. Our server was also delightful and quite personable. I would come back for the food, the service, the cleanliness of the establishment and all for a great price. And the drinks were potent and ever flowing.  I'll be back again.
3	Outstanding food quality, and variety of choices, but not worth $44 per person. The $10 refillable house wine option sounds great, but with slow service I was lucky to flag down the server for 1 refill.
4	Good food, good company I cant complain
5	I came here back in March and it was awesome. We came for breakfast with no line, most likely because it was 10 am. I was amazed at the selection of breakfast foods available. First off there were your typical breakfast items like sausage, bacon, eggs but there were more items to choose from. I was especially amazed by the smoothie shots, creeps and dessert. Definitely tempted to bring my bf back here with me.
5	OMG! I wanted a brunch style buffet on a Tuesday and this was the only place that offered brunch items. 7 of us went even though 4 different friends told us it wasn't that great!  We will check their taste buds when we get home. OMG they don't know anything about great food and great service. EVERYTHING was so delicious and the presentation was FABULOUS!  My eyes didn't know where to start or finish.  A big mahalo to our waitress (I'm sad I can't remember her name) who told the pastry chef it was our anniversary and she wrote on a plate in chocolate "happy 25th anniversary". OMG what a wonderful way to start our next 25years. Mahalo Nui Loa Wicked Spoon for making our silver anniversary a very memorable event and we look forward to spending our golden anniversary with you!
5	I don't need to say much, this was the best brunch/buffet in Las Vegas, hands down!!! I won't visit Vegas again without coming here. Delicious!
4	I've always been slightly concerned that a buffet is a hit or a miss when it came to adequate quality, but not a Las Vegas buffet that is. Had I never been to one before and always felt quite skeptical if it meets up to par, and so glad that a Las Vegas buffet was my first. After our exciting outing at the day pool at Wet Republic, we went to the Wicked Spoon to replenish ourselves for the evening ahead of us. Besides, after the fun we had in the pool, we were looking for good food to eat!The cover admission was about $51, and this was at about a quarter after 5pm. The food that were on display was incredible; they had anything from Middle Eastern to European delectables; my ultimate favourite. I wanted to try everything and anything, but I had to chose wisely (I want to fit into my dress for the evening of course). I immediately scanned the European station that had delicious Spanish inspired mashed potatoes/polenta, French baked salmon, a mac + cheese station (we made one with salmon of course, it was the best!), and steamed mussels in white wine & cream base (I made sure to take advantage of this, I did not care). There was also bone marrow, and yes, we took quite an advantage of those as well. I skimmed through the Asian station, but my friends said some of the items like the egg rolls, some chicken dishes were adequate. There was a carving station as well, but I do not consume red meat often so I actually stayed clear from that although one of my girlfriends did comment that the prime rib was surprisingly tasty. I'm also a very big proponent of dips, and I'm not so sure as to why! I love babaganouj with cucumbers so I made sure to stock up on those as well. It was delicious and made just right.However, if you truly know me, European pastries is where my palette calls. Unfortunately, I was not impressed with any of the dessert selection, and even the mango macaron wasn't good either. The only cake I can recall being memorable was probably the carrot cake (which is my favourite cake). As Wicked Spoon being my first Las Vegas buffet, I was happy, satisfied, and impressed. I look forward to dining here again, and I hear that their menu changes quite frequently, a good plus! x
4	Unbelievable buffet! This was the one restaurant my boyfriend HAD to come back to when visiting Vegas. Very modern, spacious, and tucked away in the Cosmopolitan. I was really impressed with the vast array of foods and the desserts... oh my god. ENDLESS.  Some of my favorites:Shepherd's pie (potatoes are amazing)Gnocchi (melt in yo' mouf)Curried riceMussels (incredible sauce)PizzaWatermelon+Sriracha Chicken tacos*I can't remember everything since there was so much*Desserts:Thai iced tea gelatoPistachio gelato (real pistachio pieces... SO GOOD)Raspberry rice krispy treatPistachio chocolate cake Oreo chocolate dipped strawberryPlease check this buffet out if you are visiting Vegas! Won't be disappointed. :-)
5	Loved it! Best buffet I've ever been to (but I haven't been to Bacchanal, etc). Coming here for brunch was a no-brainer, since my friend flew United and got those 2-for-1 deals which the airline hands out on flights to Vegas apparently. The line for the Cashier was pretty short at noon on a Friday, there was however I line to get seated. There was a minor inconvenience during the paying process, which is why I think the cashier put us in the VIP line to get seated, which was awesome!We didn't partake in the AYCD mimosa/champagne deal ($10 extra), because the rest of my crew didn't wanna be day drunk, but it the people around us looked quite happy and buzzed and the refills kept coming. I would definitely do it next time.The food was amazing and most of it was served in cute little individual pots, pans, shot glasses etc. They definitely didn't have to lure people in the promise of standard crab legs.Some of my favorites were the duck wings, the pork belly, the mussels, and the 2 types of eggs benedicts (and obviously shrimp cocktails!). They had some interesting options like bone marrow, cute mini salads (the mini nicoise was adorable, with quail eggs!), and squid ink pasta (which didn't taste like much). My friends also really loved the gnocchi. They also have good options for veggies.People rave about the desserts, but that wasn't my favorite section, but maybe it was because I was already stuffed. They had a gelato bar, I tried the strawberry balsamic, but I couldn't really taste the balsamic.I would definitely like to come back!
5	Rating 4.5 starsMy husband and I went to 3 buffets while in Vegas and this was the best one. We went for Friday Brunch. They had this fantastic eggs Benedict with a hollandaise sauce that was to die for. I'm not lying. I almost licked my plate. I also had some French toast, and sausage and bacon (had to knock off .5 star here because the meat was cold-not sure why).The dessert station was the best. They were all smaller so you can sample more. I had a white chocolate mousse. Drooool. Total price with endless mimosas for two : 76 (not including tip). Worth every penny!
3	We were staying at the cosmopolitan and had 1 of those 2 for 1 vouchers so we decided to try the brunch at 11am.  Queue was moderate and we were seated within a few minutes.  The price itself was also reasonable - $26/head.  The spread was quite extensive but a lot of carbo and not that much meat.  Taste was above average.  Not sure I would come back again.  It was good value for money but would have liked a wider range.
5	Have to admit this is one of the best buffet I have eaten so far in Vegas. They have a lot variety of food to choose from. From American to Asian. What got  me was that they have pork belly and bone marrow. I ate so much of that I might  have to get my cholesterol check when I get back to LA. The pork belly was so tender and  juicy well season and the skin was nice and crispy. They had a nice variety of dessert. Love there gelato section. The services was outstanding. I highly  recommended Wicked Spoon buffet.
5	My personal all time buffet favoriteFood - ExcellentAlmost everything I had here was delicious.  This is in itself not superior to other high-end buffets, but what sets them apart for me is variety.There are many high end buffets in Vegas that put king crab legs and and cocktail prawns as centerpieces of their offering.  Wicked spoon on the other hand has many slightly off the wall items.  This include duck wing and rice, bone marrow, squid ink pasta in addition to the 'normal' buffet selections.  Suckling pig was also on offer although not during my last visit.  As expected of a high end buffet, desert was excellent.Price - GoodAbout $40 for brunch, which is expected / on par with their competitionService - GoodWait staff is pretty quick and attentive with refilling drinks / clearing out empty plates.  Note that during busy weekends the wait can be rather long.  Once I had to wait close to 50 minutes during a holiday weekendOverall, I haven't found another buffet that is as high quality and offers better variety as Wicked Spoon.
4	I've always been a buffet type of guy n always want a buffet to have a good set of seafood selection, this place didn't have a good varieties of choices but it was good quality grub.word.
3	I love that this buffet looked fancy! But the food was not too great. I only liked a few dishes. I loved the mussels in that cream or milk sauce- I wish I can remember what it's called! I also loved the bone marrow, which you can eat with lemon and salt. So they have the typical crab legs- which disappointed me because they only serve it cold. The dessert definitely turned me down. Nothing to look forward to. It's the only buffet that I went to that I didn't find anything I liked. I at least tried everything for the desert. But everything were a failure- at least to me. It was blunt, or it tasted like cheap bakery treat.
3	What a cool place- and man do I wish I had taken a Grandma sized purse (with extra ziplocs) and a bigger appetite as neither the husband nor I had seen a buffet quite like this before. I have been out of the swing of life for a bit so I haven't done any entertaining for much longer than I would like to admit but this place got all of my little foodie serving gadgets and gizmos ideas working. I loved the concept of this place-and though there were plenty of things served "buffet style", most offerings came in individual serving sized containers or portions. Mini fryer baskets with fried chicken, mini take out Chinese containers with noodles or fried rice, cast iron skillets with mac and cheese, a risotto offering in a small cassoulet dish and the list goes on. The dessert area was one like I have never seen including a full gelato station with several flavors offered. The husband imbibed in the dessert offerings quite a bit but sadly, I was too full. Since we were in Vegas celebrating our 5th Anniversary, it didn't dawn on me that we would be in town for Chinese New Year AND the Super Bowl. Due to this, there were a lot of very pretty but not for me types of offerings either ingredient or textural wise. There were some hits and some definite misses on some of the "regular" items but this is the genius thing about a buffet though-lots of offerings for all different taste buds.I will try this place again in a heartbeat and hopefully will get to feel a bit more Wicked!
4	Great place! Got here at 11:00 on a Saturday, only a small line, got in at about 11:20. I noticed at noon the line got quite longer so glad we came a bit early.Very elegant decor! Food was amazing, especially the desserts! A bit of a lack of seafood though (ie no crab legs), which is only negative and why 4/5. Service was excellent, was attended to immediately after sitting down. Plates were cleared quickly.Great overall experience. About $35 for brunch or so (we didn't get alcohol). Would come again but will prolly try Bellagio or Wynn next time.
4	One of my favorite buffets.
1	Fail fail fail!!! Thought about trying this place before leaving Vegas and it was a fail.. Everything is not good. The only thing good is the Mac n cheese bar, how do u mess up in that. Try ceasars if u wanna eat a buffet
5	Amazing experience! Come hungry! Everything is good,  so try and pace yourself. Good luck with that, though.
5	Great quality of food with various selection. Wonderful interior design that makes you feel comfortable eating there. Professional waiter/waitress just upgrade your experience of dinning! Highly recommend it!!!
4	Is there a better buffet in Las Vegas?  I think not!  They don't just throw food into hot trays under heat lamps here, they also actually make it look appetizing by putting some effort into the presentation.  There wasn't a single item on my multiple plates of food that I took just a single bite of and pushed to the side as I oftentimes do with buffet food.Seriously wicked spread!
1	The food was horrible. Do not waste your money.
4	The Wicked Spoon is a buffet at the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas.  'Nuff said, right?  Not even close!Background:  A friend of mine and I were flying to Vegas with a room booked at the Cosmo.  As we neared landing, the flight staff came around handing out these little packets.   Packets we thought, originally, were packets of gum or something.  Turns out that they were boxes of coupons to places in the Cosmo!  Amazing luck, right?  One of the coupons was for a discount to the Wicked Spoon, so we went for lunch while we waited for the rest of our crew to arrive.  I saw that it was a buffet and quickly lowered my expectations; granted, Vegas is known for amazing buffets.  None the less, I prepared to eat what I needed, and get out.  I pilled several plates with an assortment of, beautifully presented, foods.  First bite - oh my God.  I had the eggs benedict over pulled beef or something.  I was totally blown away!  This experience was repeated with each new item I tasted and I quickly surpassed the realm of "satisfaction" and entered the world of "ugghhh... I'm sooo full!"Summary:  the Wicked Spoon is, to date, the best buffet I've been to on the Las Vegas strip - including the village at Paris (by far).  If you're in the area and are hungry, do yourself a favor and stop in!
3	Hard to decide how to rate this. The food was good, hot, and nicely presented. But that should be the norm here in Las Vegas. I was going to give 4 stars, but I used the restroom - and was appalled by how disgustingly dirty it was. Two stalls were unmentionable, the rest had paper and dirt on the floor.  And last but not least...they were out of soap in all the dispensers. This was 10:00 on a weeknight!Anyway, food was decent, bathrooms NOT.
5	Always a tasty treat when we're in Vegas. This is hands down my favorite buffet in Vegas because they offer peeled cocktail shrimp, crab legs, and THE BEST PRIME RIB! It comes out to be about $39 + tax per person.  Not to mention the dessert island has rotating sweets and a huge selection of gelato! A MUST TRY in you're in Vegas!
1	Everyone was raving about this place.  Pictures made it look super awesome.  Please don't believe when people tell you this is the buffet to check out.  Food was TERRIBLE... I didn't even go for seconds.  I couldn't eat what was in my plate.   Poor choice in food combination.   After the disappointment of the food, I was hoping the dessert was going to be the topping to what every foodie was raving about. COMPLETE disappointment, I couldn't believe  dessert looked so good but tasted like NOTHING!!!   The Wickedspoon needs to step it up.  Not worth what your paying for.         Honestly, I was expecting so much more....
3	Very nice establishment and super convenient if you are staying at the Cosmo.  However, for the price ($44), you can get slightly better food at some of the other buffets.  I'm a big fan of cured meats and sushi but the sushi was definitely not the best and the cured meats consisted of two different types of salami.  Also, I've heard lots of good things about the dessert section and they do have a handful more flavors of gelato/ice cream than other buffets, but the dessert section as a whole is not any bigger than other Vegas buffets I've been to.  I might go back if I stay at the Cosmo again, but I think at this price there are other options to choose from.If Chris Brown was in town, he would probably pass on this place.
3	Any good buffet has a wait which should be an hour or so. but on our visit there was not one person in line at 4pm. It's a small buffet with a a mediocre size selection and variety. I have to agree with some of the reviews...a lot of the stuff in the pictures is nowhere to be found. The best thing served at this buffet is the Mac & Cheese station and the guys where so nice...you can have all types of ingredients from bacon, ham, sausage and many more fixings made to order and very scrumptious. I also think that for the price the crab legs should be hot and the guy behind the counter didn't even offer to heat them for us. All in all it's an ok buffet but way over priced.
1	Not sure why this place has 4 Stars. The food here really leaves a bad taste in your mouth. LITeRaL!!I went here last night 4/18/2014, my husband and I had read the reviews and though he was skeptical, I convinced him to go. When we walked in the atmosphere was really nice, trendy, clean, roomy. But once we got to the food stations, things turned for the worse. Luckily, my husband got a refund while I on the other hand wasted $41, to eat tasteless food. I don't plan on coming back. Here's why::Con's1) The food was either over or under cooked. I grabbed a box of the pre made Chinese noodles and they were over cooked, ingredients did not taste fresh,like maybe they were cooked and sat out for a few hours. Also, I grabbed a drumstick of the Tandori chicken and it was way undercooked. 2) Limited options for none meat-eaters. Because I don't eat beef for pork I only had a couple of options for chicken and fish. The teriyaki chicken was undercooked. Also,  the friend chicken, taste like they had been using recycled oil, YUCK! I pretty much ate small slices of pizza and their caeser salad (that's not worth $41 bucks).3) More with the taste, even the cookies were not fresh, they tasted like pre-packaged cookies.4) The variety was limited overall.Pro's1) atmosphere2) MacN Cheese station (this was cool.)
3	I was not that impressed with Wicked Spoon.  First off, the buffet is located in an obscure corner of the building (a little bit of hike if you coming off the Strip).  The decor is nice (probably because it's one of the newer buffets).  While the presentation of the food (in the small little pans and pots) is impressive, the quality of the food is just OK.  There is a good variety but I found most of the dishes somewhat bland in flavor.  Also, prepping the food in the pots and pans has it's drawbacks.  Many of the dishes were kept warm with heat lamps and we found that that tended to dry out the top of many of the dishes.  Also, if you just wanted to have a tasting, you had to take the whole serving dish.  We felt like we wasted a lot of food.  Service, like most other LV buffets, is very good.   We went for weekend brunch.  At $40/pp, it's a little on the pricier side and I was expecting a little more.  IMO, The Buffet at the Wynn is still my favorite LV buffet, better selection and better quality food.
3	Had high expectations of this place. I try almost every buffer in vegas and this was on the top of my list. Granted I came here for their brunch buffet, I was disappointed there were no crab legs. Their salad station was great, beet salad, kale salad, smoked salmon etc. had to go back for seconds. Their fried chicken in a little basket was cute but i was not a fan of their macaroni and cheese. Being Asian, their asian section was not appealing. Sushi was not appetizing and their Chinese dishes were boring.Dessert station was ok. Best thing was their heath bar dipped chocolate strawberry.I think i may have to try their  dinner buffet but after the brunch here i might skip it and go to the Baccanal Buffer at the Ceasars.
4	My fiance and I originally were going to eat at the Bacchanal or the Wynn Buffet, but we were so tired of walking that we decided to give the Wicked Spoon a try. We were pleasantly surprised. the food all was really good here. Its a smaller buffet, but the emphasis here is on flavor. I also got the $10 all you can drink Wine pass. Next time I will skip that. I was so involved with food that I kept forgetting to drink. Our favorites were:The Mac and Cheese Bar(my favorite thing on the buffet)Apricot White Chocolate DesertCevicheButternut Squash SalmonChicken WingsCheese BarDuck WingsCocktail Shrimp(actually a decent size and cooked well.Squid SaladChocolate strawberriesThings to skip-Squid Ink Pasta (noodles were kinda rubbery)-Tacos(meat was kind of dry)-Macaroons(never had one before so maybe I just don't like macaroons)-Gelato(nothing special save room for the other desserts)They serve everything in small portioned containers so you can try a bit of everything. We definitely would eat at this buffet again. The only reason why I took it down a star is that its a buffet. Sorry that may be a snobby opinion, but that's how I feel. :) The service was also good.
4	Wicked Spoon was very decent for dinner and breakfast - it did not blow my mind and is not the best Vegas buffet I've ever been too, but it is quite decent and I would go there again for convenience if I was stayed at Cosmopolitan again.  I loved the boiled peanuts (my family is from Hawaii and I can eat a mountain of these!)!  I also loved the meats, mashed potatoes, fish, lobster, vegetables.  For breakfast, I loved the boiled peanuts (!!), made to order omelette, hashbrowns, lox bagels. Mmmm!  And don't forget the chocolate covered strawberries!!  They also offer buffet to go, so inquire about that in case you don't have time for the whole buffet experience.  A-ok service -- I think maybe we went back for rounds so often so fast that they couldn't quite keep up clearing our plates, but otherwise, they are attentive with drinks and requests.
5	Best Buffet in Vegas 2014!!! My favorites are the octopus poke, duck wings, kale salad, crab curry fried rice and a lot more...for dessert, the xl chocolate dipped-strawberries, macarons, pistacio gelato & the chocolate molten cake. I'm definitely coming back.
2	3125 reviews, 4328 photos, & a 4-star rating of the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan of Vegas. I loved what I read & the pics that I saw of the many upscale-type offerings + their unique presentations.  I was looking forward to trying this AYCE, as my expectations were based on high standards from similar previous buffet experiences at Bellagio, Wynn, & Paris. However, I was so disappointed in my dining experience at WS for the following reasons:- Changes in the buffet offerings.   Many of the buffet offerings were not reflective of early Yelp reviews/photos posted since it opened in Dec. 2010. Foods were at one time presented in unique eye-catching servers in small portions so that you could try as much as possible, i.e., samples in mini pots, serving spoons, & bowls. While there were a few creative servings, e.g., noodles in Chinese take-out containers, fried chicken in mini fryer baskets, & boiled peanuts in paper cones, most of the food items are in large serving trays; just grab a serving spoon& serve yourself, just as in any buffet. Perhaps it proved to be too labor-intensive to offer so many individualized portions. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=VkwXpPWxl7tN4yK8ETxjLA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=J9VUSLI3495TZ2MFxhpgvA - Many of the foods were not palatable. For example, the Chinese roast pork had crispy skins, but they were so tough that they were inedible; the snow crab legs were served cold, & they were the tiniest crab legs that I have ever seen w/ more shell than meat. Food items were simply overcooked, dried out from standing under a warmer for a length of time, & just plain tasteless. (Must give WS credit though, for offering upscale items, e.g., bone marrow, blackened fish, mac & cheese bar, kale salad; but they also had many items similarly offered at other buffets, e.g., pizzas, breads, teri chicken, beef ribs, potatoes, etc.) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=-D60mxtVvUjwZ68IBp0YhQ - No lines to get into the buffet.  The top buffets in Vegas always have long lines that zigzag like you're waiting for a ride in Disneyland.  We walked right in for dinner at 6pm on a Tuesday evening w/ no lines whatsoever.  The dining room was not crowded. There apparently wasn't a demand for this buffet.- Buy one get one free offer was not available. Prior to leaving for Vegas, the local newspaper had an article re United Airlines offering a BOGO coupon for the WS on its Vegas flights; Yelp reviews also made mention of it. As I was flying on UAL, I asked the flight attendant on the Vegas leg re the coupon, & she/other attendants didn't know anything about it; never got the coupon. While we were at WS, I asked the manager, who said that the coupons were given out on only certain flights, such as those coming from Newark, NJ, but he was uncertain as to which flights. Although we had our UAL boarding passes, he said he could not honor those & could only honor the coupons if we had them. Then he told me to bring this to the attention of UAL, as they should clarify as to which flights had the coupons, while thanking me for bringing this to his attention so that he could alert his marketing people. You would think that giving one BOGO coupon as a goodwill gesture would hardly make a dent in its profits. No deal.  Plus, wonder why they're even giving BOGO coupons - is it because there's no longer the demand of people flocking to it?- The price is high considering what you get. We paid $38/person for dinner on a weekday night ($47 on weekends). While the service is adequate, the quality of the food items does not justify this price. The saving grace for this buffet is its dessert station.  They had a wonderful gelato/sorbet bar (loved the Thai iced tea & salted peanut caramel flavors) & heavenly huge chocolate-covered strawberries garnished w/ oreo cookie bits or Heath crunch bits. The extensive dessert station included chocolate molten lava cakes, pretty decorated cakes, raspberry/chocolate coffee rice krispy treats, red velvet cookies, parfaits, apple strudel, panna cotta, white chocolate mousse cones, macarons, etc.  Most of the desserts were excellent, but I would not pay $38 just to eat their desserts. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=6PSAjVXFwaLgYS3mN4I30Q  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wicked-spoon-las-vegas?select=m4V11SUeP5XB1V3q9j_WNg  At least I can say I've dined here. Would I come here again? No.
5	One of my favorite buffets to go to. Their chocolate covered strawberries are like the ones you pay 5$ for at Godiva! So dank!They have a variety of dishes that are personalized. By personalized I mean... Most buffets have a tray of fried chicken but this one has them in little fryer buckets.  My favorite thing I had was probably duck with pesto, the strawberries, and this curried rice with cauliflower mash. I went for brunch this time and even tho it's cheaper.. Dinner is by far the better choice
5	hands down the best freaken buffet ive ever eaten at in my life thus far. i personally think its better than that bacchanal buffet and well priced. i came here for brunch with my husband and it was 27.99 per person. 37.99 if u wanna do unlimited mimosas/bloody marys/ and other things which i dont remember. the food there was soo good! im being super hungry just thinking about it. down to their small ramekins of scrambled eggs to their bone marrow station everything was amazing. it was so good that the next time we come to vegas we are definately staying at the cosmopolitan just so the buffet is in  our hotel! CANT WAIT TO COME BACK :D
3	Rather than rehash everyone else's review, I'll just say the quality of the food is excellent, the unique items you can get (like bone marrow) blew me away. Why 3 stars? It didn't have a lot of variety. So if you don't mind the lack of variety compared to other buffets, then 5 stars! Otherwise, I think the hype isn't worth it
4	No wait at 5 on Monday after easter. $38 each , well worth it for this amazing buffet . Beautiful restaurant and friendly staff. Not many offerings for young children , and dessert choices were not so impressive. However the quality of the food made for little room for it anyway .
3	First of there is a line to pay not a big deal. But wait after you pay you get placed in another long wrapping line to get seated. The service was awful the staff was putt out when they cleared dishes never got a refill.  The food made it three stars it had a great variety most of the dishes were good and well prepared. I don't know what the deal is with the cosmopolitan hotel but all the services here are poor
4	Okay, business trip and eating a buffet alone..let's see how it goes
3	Wicked Spoon - AYCE buffet - average check ~$35. What should I say? Expectation exceeded Perception. I expected the most well known buffet in Las Vegas suppose to be extraordinary from service to food. Yet, service wasn't even there, I meant ur in Cosmopolitan and service isn't the best you could find here in Vegas. Food is ok, nothing special especially I come during Brunch time on a friday so they serve egg and bacon? WTF. 3.5/5 because the place is really really beautiful and luxurious beside that nothing else worth it. With the price so high and nothing special, would never come back, gotta try Bacchanal at Cersars next time.
4	1st time loved it. 2nd time, I don't know if the quality dropped but it wasn't as great as the 1st time. Overall, it's still good.
5	Worth the wait! We came in on Saturday around noon, waited about 45 minutes to get a table. Bottomless mimosas for $12 are a must! Food highlights: angry mac n cheese, loaded mashed potatoes, pecan pancakes, great Asian selection. Save room for dessert!
4	My first Las Vegas buffet experience ~ I was so full I pretty much gained a few pounds in one sitting! This place makes the buffets around Seattle seem sad and not worth the $$$ you pay to get in. The price is $35 which considering all of the choices and presentation I didn't think it was too bad. It's one of the classiest buffets I've been to! The desserts alone would bring me back, but kids you probably can't eat $35 worth of food but it's still a must if you're ever in LV to hit up the buffet! I went for Sunday brunch so they had an array of breakfast items. I especially liked the smoked salmon eggs Benedict, there was also beef Benedict but it wasn't as good! The chicken teriyaki thighs were tender and flavored nicely. I wasn't a fan of the crab fried rice. It was made with brown rice and it just didn't work, the noodles (yakisoba and Korean noodles) were just ok! I would probably stick to the shrimp cocktails, eggs Benedict and the meats if I come back! All the Chinese food are in these cute takeout boxes! Absolutely adorable, I think all these little touches just made me incredibly giddy about hitting up this buffet! The selections were great! From what I can remember there was an Asian station, breakfast/salad bar, seafood and various Italian dishes/meat stations. Pretty much something for everyone! I had two vegetarians in my group and there were plenty of items my ladies could enjoy! We all liked the Parmesan risotto which was rich cheesy and well executed. I pretty much tried anything that looked appetizing and it's nice to try items and switch gears if you don't like it. You guys know what I'm talking about-- the dirty looks you get at Asian buffets when it looks like you're wasting food! Not the case here, our waitress was a sweetheart I wish I remembered her name! Something that amazed me was the dessert selections! The desserts were beautifully decorated and there were so many choices!!! The ice cream and sorbet selections alone was extensive. The day I was there, I tried thai tea ice cream, peach mango sorbet and tiramisu. Absolutely delicious and incredibly satisfying! After stuffing my face, the ice cream was so good I continued to push myself further into a food coma. I also picked up a handful of pastries and cakes to try. These deserts are fancy! Not your typical Safeway cheesecake cut into cubes. I'm talking passion fruit meringue domes with gold leaf, panna cotta, the list goes on and on!I had a fantastic experience here! Wicked Spoon, I'm coming for you next time I'm on Sin City!!!
4	Typical vegas buffet....loved the selections, interesting is that they serve beef bone marrow in split bone shanks....dinner is $41 per person but if u search for promos and specials online, you could find coupons for buy 1 dinner and get one free. Which we did and came in very handy for our group of 12
3	It is a very interesting buffet. Love their presentation with the platings. Also, they have small plates, so you can try almost everything. Some things were delicious, while others tasted alright.  The gnocchi looked delicious, but I guess because it was sitting out too long, it didn't taste that great. I don't think I would come back to this place for lunch, but I do want to see the variety they have for dinner.
5	Great food. Be selective, there are so many selections. Don't miss the duck wings or pork belly. Well worth $35 for Sunday brunch ($47) for unlimited mimosas or bloody mary. Get ready for a food coma. Don't forget to tip your server for extra attention. Everything was well executed and presented well. Not your usual buffet slop trough.
3	This review is mostly based on the food quality and the value with the price. Overall, I think wicked spoon still offer good selection of food with reasonable quality. A couple items I like include their macroon, Kongbao cauliflower and yogurt. But after buchana, I am very underwhelmed with wicked spoon. I ferl the item selection is much less and the quality is lower as well. For example, for asian food, buchana have various dim sums, stir fries, sushi, dark chicken soup, ramen, pho, thousand year egg kangi. In comparison, wicked spoon has brocoli beef, kongbao cauliflower, chicken fried noodle, miso soup with nothing (no tofu or seaweed or anything). That is it. There may be a couple other cheap chinese buffet itdms and I donot even recognize thrm as asian dishes. I would definitely rather spend a little bit more and go to buchanna, much better good seldction and quality. I think it is much better value for the money.
4	One of my favorite buffets.  Plenty of meats to sample, I enjoy the breakfast as well.  All the food is good and looks good as well.  Not a normal buffet since some work seems to go into presentation.  Check out the desserts if you have belly room.  The various flavors of Gelato should be a hit with most.
5	I've been to Vegas TONS of times.  Even when good food was cheap on the strip. Prices of great food had gone up quite a bit since the first time traveling to Vegas. I have probably gone to every buffet on the strip and in old town. For the $$, Wicked Spoon I feel is far superior to all the different buffets on the strip. There's so much to choose from but what puts this place far in front of others is the quality of the food. Virtually everything on the buffet are things you could get at a fine dining restaurant. Especially their dessert section. OMG!  from the crumbled heath bar covered strawberries to the large selection of delicious ice cream and sorbets. I could go on and on. Definitely try this place especially those of you that think buffets have horrible food.
3	Drove to Vegas for the weekend with my friends and got here Friday night. After checking in to our hotel and dropping off our bags, we decided to inaugurate our Vegas trip with dinner at Wicked Spoon because we had all heard pretty good reviews online and through friends that had been here before. We didn't get in too late (maybe around 9ish), but it was already pretty empty. I'm used to spending a bit of money for a good buffet at Vegas, but $50 was still a bit of a surprise to me. In terms of service, it's a buffet, so the most I expect is that someone come by to take our drinks order, keep the drinks refilled, and then clear the empty plates are necessary. I'm not a big drinker of liquids (especially at a buffet where the focus of all my stomach space is on food to consume), but my friends waited too long to have their water glasses refilled. I was also kind of taken aback that, for $50, we had to have more than 50% of our dishware traded out because there was still crusted on food from other people's meals still on our glasses, plates, and silverware. Um, ew. There was also a lot of plates in the buffet area that still had food coating on them. What is going on with their dishwashers??In terms of the food: I usually like going to the carving station and getting the carved meats there. The prime rib was, imo, just "meh". The first cut I got was good, but the second cut was a bit dry and overdone. The chef manning the station looked like he was on something. He was away half the time, and at one point there was a crowd of people waiting, he opened the door from the back kitchen, looked at us, and then disappeared for another 5min. When he did come back, I asked for medium-rare, and he cut me whatever was there on hand (hint: it wasn't medium-rare). My friend really liked the marinated Korean short ribs, but I thought they were just average. The marinade was good, but I can get the same quality meat at my local Korean supermarket which also pre-marinades it for me. The bone marrow (first time I tried it) was delicious, if you could find any bones with the marrow cooked well enough. Not all of the bone marrow was cooked to the right consistency, and they didn't seem keen on refilling. The shepherd's pie was amazing and awesome. I loved that dish! The crab legs are pre-halved (always a plus for a Vegas buffet), and were also pretty delicious. I saw the mac n cheese station, but the line was too intense, so I passed on that... maybe next time if there is a next time. I did enjoy the various dessert options - varied, visually pleasing, and the flavors were pretty yum. Overall, I don't think that the food was terrible. In fact, when I could actually eat, the food was pretty decent. I'm just turned off that for $50 I had to deal with some really unappetizing dirty dishware and a head carver who was MIA more than half the time. Seriously, a lady in front of me thought maybe it was "self-serve". If I were to chance coming back here again I would need some heavy incentive to do so. Otherwise, there are some really yummy alternatives for less of the cost.
5	This place really is as good as the reviews say. We went there for Sunday Brunch and the place was packed and lines were out the door but it was worth the wait. They have decent vegetarian options and a huge overall selection for salads, appetizers, entrees and desserts.
5	Best buffet I have ever been to. I don't like buffets... but Wicked Spoon is completely different. The selection of food was amazing to me. The don't just offer the generic brunch items, you can see the culinary efforts behind each item. The French toast... changed my life! haha. Truly was delicious. I have seen a few reviews talking poorly of the wait staff. We went to the brunch at 12pm on a Sunday and it was PACKED! Our server, Lisa, was truly awesome. She asked both of our names and used them each time she returned to the table. She must have a great memory but that personal touch was really nice and something lacking in the food industry. She kept our bottomless champagne coming, even bringing 2 glasses for each person everytime she returned. Smart thinking!!I definitely will eat here again. LOVE IT
4	Quality 4 star multi course food here. A must if you need your Vegas buffet fix. An eccentric food experience here. Just look at the pics!
3	After hearing only excellent things about Wicked Spoon, I knew that if I ate anything at all in Vegas, this had to be it. With this in mind, hours after stepping off the plane, we headed over to Wicked Spoon with high expectations and empty bellies. I guess it might have been a combination of things---perhaps the bar was set too high in my mind, maybe I should have reserved it for dinner rather than lunch, or perhaps it was just a bad day. I'm not sure. While the buffet wasn't terrible, I definitely don't think that it lives up to its hype. We paid around ~$30/pp for lunch on a Friday. This constitutes as weekday lunch, and prices get jacked up dinner and on the weekends. We also added about ~$8 for unlimited mimosas/champagne/bloody marys. Lines, as with most good buffets in Vegas, are to be expected. We spent about 20 minutes in line for the cashier, and then another 10 minutes waiting to be seated. Okayyy, so before we get to the nitty gritty of what I didn't like...  It's not completely negative around here, there are a few things that did stand out to me in a most positive light:-Though I'm not too impressed by the small/individual portions because I found out the next day that Bacchanal Buffet does the same, BUT... I did love the little Chinese takeout boxes for the Asian food. SO. ADORABLE.-Bone marrow was something that I had been told about beforehand, so I was looking forward to it. Though the sizes are a little bit smaller than what I expected (that day, anyways), the thought alone to include bone marrow in the buffet line is spectacular. Props for whoever thought of it!-Eggs freakin' benedict---So good, and I could eat these all day! That and the cocktail shrimp, ohh yeeaaah, drop them off to my table by the bucket, please! -If bottomless drinks are ever even a question, my answer will ALWAYS, be yes! I was able to try all three that they offer, and my favorite by far has to be the mimosa. I have to say, it was pretty strong. They were pretty busy at the time, so our amazing waiter brought our drinks by the doubles---definitely brunching it, Vegas style! Now, I knew that the spread wouldn't be as big during lunch compared to dinner. But even with this in mind, I was kind of disappointed with the selections, aside from the two items I mentioned above. If I can't have seafood then the backup to my standby becomes the meats. The roast pork I had was mostly roasted fat. The pork loin I tried was beyond overcooked, and the running joke of lunch was that beef from the carving station was so hard it was almost like eating the ass part of the cow! I tried bits and pieces of other items on the buffet line, and while nothing was particularly bad, nothing blew my mind either---just like my star rating, it was just OK. Most stuff was standard buffet fare. Heavy on the starch items. No macarons that day too, boo! If you come here, do it for the mimosas and the eggs benedict. Do all you can to avoid the ass part of the beef!
5	First time there and I must say it was extremely good.  Such a variety in every thing being offered.  Next time in Vegas I will  go back.  Desserts were amazing!!
5	First time at this buffet and it's now our favorite. Food was delicious and very good quality. Would recommend this buffet to friends. Nothing but good things to say! Bone marrow was delicious!
5	Look guys... this is the best buffet on the strip.   There can be only one.First things first, this buffet has the most interesting choices and flavor combinations.  Aside from that, each dish is pretty fucking magnificent.  You can tell care went in to preparing and presenting each one.Favorites: risotto, paella, chicken wings, and the salmon.  Also, try one of every dessert.  Just do it, nerd.Waiter was a little slow, but I went an hour before they were closing shop so I can forgive that. I'm a Vegas local and this will be my recommendation to all friends visiting.
5	Best buffet I've been to. The food is different which makes this place unique. Not the typical buffet where you find the same food. Some of the food that are placed on plates are small, but they're good! Probably because you end up getting seconds. They are known for their desserts, which are delicious! The white chocolate mousse cake was divine. Definitely coming back when I'm in town.
5	Manuel is great!   Fantastic food and service unheard of at a buffet.  Mimosas and bloody Mary's endless.  Sweets, sweets, sweets
3	Good choice
3	Came here for brunch. I tried a lot of food but none seems to stand out. Although the heirloom tomato salad with mozz cheese tasted fresh, firm and well balanced. I liked the availability of the quince paste, cheese and cold cuts.  The Kale salad was too vinegary and killed the kale.  Had a shredded beef eggs Benedict and thought the hollandaise had no life. The watermelon sriracha was interesting.  Not impressed as of now but they have the resources to be much better.
3	This was once my favorite all you can eat spot in Vegas - but like all of the other places, the quality of the food deteriorates as it gets more popular. The food isn't worth it at all - none of the dinner items are decent. If they are consistent with anything, it's how dry all of the meats are (fish, prime rib, chicken, pork).  The only thing that saves this place is the huge chocolate dipped strawberries. But why would I come to a buffet just for that? They really need to work on their individual dishes and redeem their former glory.
4	A tapas centered buffet, with lots of good quality small plates; perfect for me who just wants a taste and HATES wasting food.  You don't have to waste food here. {Accolade #1}HOT TIP #1 - They have sorbet in dessert section which I found to be a perfect pallet cleanser between courses. I did the blood orange.  {Accolade #2}  - Pulled pork tacos with homemade guacamole.  Awesome meat/carving stations. I went back twice for the homemade bacon that I could possibly marry.  They slice for you in thick slabs. Yumm, yum. Complaint #1 - Not a lot of green vegetable options.  I did enjoy the asparagus salad and the kale salad but that was pretty much it for "real" greens.  The wedge salad had sad lettuce.  Abundant potato options.  HOT TIP #2 - Drink happy hour: $5 before 7:00 PM.  They're strict. Don't sit down at 7:01, you will be denied.   We were sad to miss out on top shelf margaritas, but refused to pay $12 at a $44 buffet. Complaint #2 - Fishy salmon. Boo!  I love salmon. {Accolade #3}  Desserts that actually taste good, and a gluten free dessert station!
3	I have to admit, this buffet offers an interesting selection of food choices...however I dont think Chinese roasted peanuts should be one of them. For the buffet price, I would have expected a food choice I could not easily find @ Trader Joe's or a baseball game.
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about when it comes to Vegas Buffets. Admittedly, I have enjoyed Le Village buffet at the Paris, so I was looking for this one to blow me away, seeing as though it's rated higher than Le Village.The buffet items looked great upon first inspection, but when you glance closer, it leaves much to be desired. I went at lunch time, and they still had breakfast items. They had yummy crispy bacon, the most scrumptious banana walnut pancakes I have ever had and excellent eggs Benedict. Now everything else... Just plain mediocre. They tried to do a play on Polenta by adding peas and shredded Parmesan on top, but it completely missed the mark. So did the "spicy" Mac n' Cheese. It didn't even resemble Macaroni n Cheese in the slightest. Then I thought I would try the "Chile Lime Watermelon" (a piece of watermelon cut into a round the size of a quarter with some chili sauce on it), only to discover that it's the same exact flavor that I get with the Mexican fruit carts that add chili and lime on the corner of my street at home! Ummm... Yeah... real innovative. Other dishes just looked plain unappetizing, such as the squid ink pasta. I wish I could say the desserts were amazing, since that's what they're known for. The only thing amazing and worthwhile in the dessert section was the gelato station. Great chai tea and chocolate gelato flavors.Save your money and try another buffet. This one was a huge fail.
4	Better than the bellagio buffet! Amazing meat and yummy desserts and gelato.
4	Wicked Spoon.. TAKE MY MONEY!Came for their brunch buffet and thought $39 was a little pricey compared to other buffets on the strip. For $12 more you can add on unlimited mimosas and bloody mary's.Their presentation is so cute! Fried chicken served in mini deep fryer baskets, mac and cheese in baby pots, and chow mein in tiny Chinese to go boxes. It's a bonus plus that they serve their food in small quantities. So you're easily able to sample all the foods without feeling guilty of wasting.
3	HmmmmmmmmmmWent here to celebrate my 40th birthday with my aunt , uncle & new wife , and was seriously disappointed . The quality of the food is excellent , however the selection was not as vast or as good as I had expected it to be. I have bland tastes so it wasn't quite for me.There is plenty of curried dishes and seafood. However I recommend the Nutella ice-cream
5	I vote the Wicked Spoon as the best buffet. Having dinner the next day at the Bachannal Buffet, it was a let down. Although the Wicked Spoon has less quantity of options it still is the best as far as quality and a little cheaper. Just the little touch of bottled water gives the Wicked Spoon a touch of class. The unique entries and better flavors rate them the best buffet in Las Vegas.
3	ehhhh I wasn't too impressed. we ended up here bc of the awesome yelp reviews and we arrived in vegas at an off hour so most lunch places weren't open and we had had breakfast hours before in Miami.we figured we would have plenty of options. and while there was a lot of variety, nothing really impressed me all that much. my favorite was probably the French toast - it was REALLY good. but everything else was just alright - mac n cheese, pizza, sushi, pork loin, kale salad and a variety of desserts - chocolate mousse, coconut cookies, brownies, chocolate covered strawberries. they do have an awesome deal $12 for bottomless mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys for up to 2 hours!
5	Yes wicked spoon IS A MUST, its one of the best buffets I've tried. Came here on my last day in Vegas for dinner and for 1 person is about $50. Yes a bit pricey but you will be eating some very delicious food. Presentation is taken to another level at wicked spoon compare to other buffets I have tried. They serve some dishes in little pans or pots. For Chinese dishes they have them in little take out boxes. Very creative.Service is what service should always be. Friendly, accommodating staff. I tried everything I was able to eat lol there's a pretty wide selection of food. Things I can remember trying are....-artichoke salad it was very light and good.-the pizza is a must try and addicting-the covered chocolate strawberries with Oreo crumbs yummmmmm!-fried chicken was crispy light and tender-the ceviche was fresh and tasty-ribs are tender and juicy-bone marrow yes there's bone marrow and unlimited lol it was delicious-gelato is a must try!
1	The service was fine but nothing over the top. The food was not fine. In fact it wasn't even good. I would not recommend this place to anyone, even if the price wasn't astronomical. I created a yelp account just to review this restaurant and tell people how awful it is. They try to be  a fancy buffet but the food was just not good. Do not go here.
5	Wicked Spoon is not your average buffet! Before our trip to Vegas, we had seen a special on the Travel Channel featuring buffets and Wicked Spoon was on the show - since we were staying at the Cosmpolitan we were interested (although we are not "buffet people"). We liked what we saw on the show and we were not disappointed when we tried Wicket Spoon on our trip to Vegas.We went for dinner and wow, we loved all the "small bite" choices, you could try a bunch of things and not feel like you were totally pigging out or wasting food, it's almost like a tapas buffet. If you didn't care for what you tried, you could go back for something else.The room is beautiful as well, and the $50/pp cost seemed reasonable to us, considering the variety - you could have a 4-course meal, and the desserts were out of this world -- again, small and manageable to try a bunch.Service was good, plates were always cleaned off the table by the time you got back from another round.They also have a "take out" option for $20, which is kinda nice if you are staying in the hotel and just want to camp out on your fabulous balcony and enjoy the view of the Strip.We would go to Wicked Spoon again, regardless of whether we were staying at the Cosmo, definitely a nice dinner option, or maybe we will try for brunch next time.
4	I finally got to try the amazing buffet at the Cosmo. I had it bookmarked for over a year. We came on our last day which was Sunday night for dinner. It was a little bit over $50. Since for me that was expensive I decided to go all out and stuff my face!Before I start talking about the food lets talk about the atmosphere there. It is very nice and elegant in there. Also they provide 2 big thing of bottled water. The crowd is very relaxed dressed casual. Now lets talk food. I tried the following: BBQ Shrimp- it came in a tiny pan. Comes with 2 shrimps smothered in what said was BBQ sauce but it was like a BBQ/cocktail sauce. Crab legs- the beautiful part about these is that they are already open so you don't have to struggle trying to eat them. Artichoke salad- delicious and fresh if you like artichokeAsparagus Salad- Absolutely a must try. Fresh and the dressing on it is really goodSalmon with crunch on top- lemony and buttery and so tender. Cooked to perfectionGreek Salad- favorite salad of the night for sure. The combination of the vinaigrette, olive oil and lime juice was perfect. Caesar Salad with tuna mackerel- had a weird taste didn't really like itShepherd's Pie- it came in a cute little pot. It was delicious. I had never tried Shepherd pie and I thought it was deliciousSpinach Cream- So good with a side of breadPork Loin- WOW! I wish I would've gotten a few extra slices but since there was an employee slicing it I was a bit shy to ask for more. It was so thick yet tender and full of flavor. Bone Marrow- Personally I did not like it. It was my first time trying bone marrow and probably my last. The texture and flavor I just didn't like it.Dirty Rice with dried fruit- also didn't like the combination of thisRisotto topped with parmesan cheese- another one of my favorites of the night. Great taste and combinationSushi Rolls & Salmon individual sushi- I love sushi and I was a bit disappointed because they tasted like 7-11 sushi rolls. Asian Noodles- by the time I got to this section I was already full but I still gave them a try. The noodles were great. Beef Teriyaki with veggies- So good. The flavor was intense. Green curry Rice- maybe I am not a fan of curry because I didn't really like it. Dessert- Carrot Cake and chocolate covered strawberries   were really good but that's about it. They need to improve on their desserts.Overall, I got my money's worth. I will definitely recommend this to friends and family. It is a bit pricier than other buffets but it is worth it.
1	Last week my friend birthday and we went to eat at wicked spoon buffet at Cosmo , we don't like it because the employee at seafood section was so rule and mean ,we never coming back and eat there again
3	I finally went to Wicked Spoon, meh. I waited in a line with only 10 people in it for 20 minutes just to pay $100 to stand 5 more minutes waiting to be seated. The waitress who took our beverage order was painfully slow and the two top tables were way too close together. There was a lot of food. Mac n cheese bar, if you're in to that and lots of pretty desserts. Nothing was amazing. The best thing I had was the espresso-$6 on top of the $50 per person. There is no specialty, just a cool sign and address. For that kind of $, you could eat almost anywhere else!
4	My parents don't want to eat too much for dinner so I can only choose their lunch buffet. I know they won't have too much seafood. However, all the dishes tastes really good. They make really special/creative combination of ingredients to make dishes. I tried Wynn lunch buffet twice and Wicked Spoon lunch buffet is much better. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is the price. But it's still really good choice for lunch buffet.
5	Really really good , Nothing like any other buffet !! Highly recommend !!! They have a Macaroni and cheese bar ... Custom made amazing !
4	I still think the Mresort buffet is the best with free beer,  wine and cider. We were staying at the Cosmo and didn't want to drive Sat. to the Mresort.  Dinner here starts @ 5pm. and is almost $50 including tip, tax. The prime rib sucks, Mresort's is better.. They have bone marrow, pork belly/I got a cyst from that. Desserts are ok. I'm not into purple dye but I ate the French macaroons. Ice cream is alright.
4	Stopped here for a dinner buffet.  The choices were amazing!  The highlight for me was probably the mac n cheese station.  Sat and ate, and ate, and ate some more.  Everything is in nice small portions, so you can try everything.  The small portions made it nice so that you could try new things without wasting too much if you don't like it.  A lot of the food came in trendy packaging or serving vessels.
3	This review is for the BRUNCH only. After reading so many raving yelp reviews I couldn't wait to try this place out!! We were even lucky enough (or unlucky because we lost so much money) to get 2 free comps from the hotel! We already had dinner plans so we came for brunch. The food was good (I used the word "good" on purpose. Not bad, but not excellent) and there was a fair amount of variety but surprisingly not many universal options. For example- no berries at the fruit station, only 4 types of very basic sushi, a whole row devoted to toast (I didn't come to an expensive buffet for toast), and a whole lot of weird stuff like octopus salad and lamb sausage (which was flavorless) and a bunch of dried out meat carving stations. Nothing spectacular except for the French toast-which actually was spectacular. Maybe my expectations were set too high, But from other Yelpers reviews and photos it seems that the WOW factor would come from the dinner buffet which we did not have the opportunity to experience. Short story-save your brunch money and go for dinner.
5	I love the french toast! The layout is nicer than Bacchanal, but Bacchanal has a wider variety. It's still my favorite buffet though.
3	The presentation here is absolutely gorgeous. The items are all plated in individual portions, and are visually stunning. There is a wide variety of unique and exotic dishes. Unfortunately, the flavors of the dishes don't justify the $50+ pp price tag. The food was mediocre.
4	Delicious!!! The asparagus cream, bone marrow, and paella was delicious (to name a few). Variety was amazing and ample. I think this buffet is way better than Caesars. 4 stars because the dessert was pretty bad...like grocery store bad. Otherwise, home run.
3	This review was due for months...We went to this buffet because it was supposed to be one of the best gourmet buffet.  They did have a lot gourmet food but I was disappointed that they did not served any filet mignon or lobster tails. It was over $40 per person.Food: 3.5/5    Plenty of food choices, they did have a good beef ribs, mac and cheese stations (to make your own) , asian food,  limited seafood selection, appetizers, sushi, and limited desserts selection. - Quality of food was pretty decent. Some of the presentations were great, some were just horrible!  Atmosphere:  4/5 great atmosphere ! took us a while to sit us down because their bottle is their cashier set up.  Other than that, the place was nicely theme with nice furniture.  Service : 3/5  way too slow. Took too long to clean our plates up, to re-pour our water.  We did not see the waiter for a span of 20 minutes.  We had to look for him a few times.  Overall, i would consider to come again but just to try other food. However, my expectation are low now. There are other gourmet buffet that I will try first over this place.
5	I cant even write a review, your just gonna have to trust me. Place is GOOD!!
5	Best buffet in Vegas...and one of the best restaurants.Forget everything you've heard about buffet food. Get thee to Wicked Spoon for a dining experience comparable to any of the fine dining establishments in Vegas. You have the ease and convenience of buffet-style dining, but the food is so much better. My personal favorite is the sweet pea risotto, served in miniature cast iron skillets, but you'll find something to suit every palate here. Service is great and food is fresh- the opposite of what I usually find at most buffets. Wicked Spoon is a can't-miss experience.
5	THE best Buffett I ever visited. Everything is just different and great. The waitress we had was super nice and helpful. So friendly. The food comes in little nice container like a small frying basket for the chicken wings. They offer out of the ordinary food items. Everything in small portions so that you can try more things. The roasted bone marrow is very tasty. But make sure to leave room for dessert. I am usually not a huge fan from Buffett style but this is a must try.
5	This was THE MOST FUN I've ever had dining out!!!   What a great concept, small plates/bites so you can sample amazing, different foods.   If you're a foodie, this is your place!!  We had the dinner buffet as well as the brunch and both were amazing.  To call this a buffet doesn't do it justice, it is, as they call it a 'dining experience'.   So glad we checked it out, best meals of our vacation!! Well worth the money.
1	I went to this buffet with three other people and none of us liked it. The buffet presentation was great, as stated in pervious reviews. The actual menu was the problem for me. I don't think I was cultured enough to enjoy their offerings. The item that stood out to me the most was the shrimp that still had eyes and legs. The dessert was very mediocre and looked better than it tasted. I spent most of my time walking around the buffet with an empty plate because the food was totally different from what I would normally eat. I'm glad it worked for some, but it's just not for me!
3	We came here for dinner (cost $41/person) with our 2 year-old. All of the dishes were non- suitable for her because they were designed for adult tastes. Even the pizza wasn't the usual kid-type. Some dishes were good, such as the risotto. The Asian dishes were not good and pretty salty. The sushi was poorly made and I could tell by looking because I am a sushi expert. It also tasted bland and crumbled upon taking my first bite which should never happen with real sushi. The desserts were plentiful but I only like one of them. The gelato was too sweet for my taste. Service was good. Our server kept bringing us drinks and clearing our plates. I liked the atmosphere and our booth was huge. I would probably go to another buffet next time instead of this one though based on solely the food.
4	Items Selected:Pain au Chocolat / Passion Fruit Baba au Rhum / Apple Turnover / Strawberry Danish / Apple Cobbler / Chocolate Donut / Pineapple Carrot Rum Cake / Dulce de Leche Cheesecake/ Nutella DanishSmoked Trout Mousse, Goat Cheese, Cream Cheese, Chive Cone / Quince Paste / Dates / Fruit and Fig Cake / 4-month Gorgonzola / Triple Cream Brie / Soprasetta / Genoa SalamiBanana Pecan Pancake / Cinnamon Pullman French Toast / Cream Chantilly, Pure Maple SyrupBlue Crab Fried Rice with XO, Basil, Green Curry / Spicy Salmon Roll / California Roll / Tempura Roll / Five Spice Pork Belly with Hoisin Sauce / Teriyaki Chicken Thigh / Yakitsoba with Stir Fried Chicken and AO NoriCongee, Chinese Sausage, Green Onion, Crispy Shallots, Chinese DonutsAngry Mac n' Cheese / Wicked Fried Chicken / Squid Ink Spaghetti, Fresno Chilis, Chives, Bottarga / Slab BaconGrilled Wheat Cake with Shrimp Ebi Yaki / 5-Spice Duck Wing over RiceRed and Yellow Beets, Truffle Oil, Arugula, Minus 8 Vinegar / Sweet Polenta, Roasted Pears, Mascarpone / Goat Cheese Lavender Panna Cotta / Sticky Buns with Caramel SauceChocolate Chip Cookie / Peanut Butter Cookie / Oatmeal Raisin Cookie / Gluten Free Red Velvet Cupcake / Chocolate Coffee Rice Crispy Treat / Molten Chocolate Cake / Tart au Citron / Salted Peanut Caramel Gelato / White Chocolate Coffee GelatoBacon, Egg, Cheese Panini / Pea Risotto with Blistered Cherry Tomatoes / Chicken Apple Sausage / Carne Pizza / Wicked PizzaBrisket BenedictApple Donut / Cherry Danish / Banana Nut Muffin / Caramel Candy Bar Gelato / Pistachio GelatoStrawberry Balsamic Gelato / Nutella Gelato / White Chocolate and Apricot Mousse Cone / Exotic Berry Cream Puff / Oreo Coated Strawberry / Heath Bar StrawberryCoffee Torte / Chocolate Bundt Cake with Raspberry Sauce / Chocolate Pistachio Mousse CakeCinnamon Pullman French Toast, Maple Syrup, Cream Chantilly, Dates, House GranolaHaving not attended a proper Vegas 'buffet' since September of 2007 it was actually an inquiry from a blog-reader regarding my recommendations for an upcoming trip that led me to 'discover' The Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon, a brief e-mail to the hotel's concierge landing me access to the VIP line plus an eye-opening tour of the facilities by the culinary team.  Located in the West Tower with ornate chandeliers, ample glass, and plenty of shine it would be easy to say that Wicked Spoon is the 'nicest' buffet in which I have dined but with expansive size as well as selection - over 150 items offered at $38 for brunch - it would be equally fair to suggest the immaculately clean space also represents one of The Strip's biggest "bangs for the buck" as a team of chefs spread across several open kitchens work diligently replenishing each station with ornate small plates at a speed that would put all but the most seasoned short-order cook to shame.  Expeditious and friendly in service with purified water on the table and good coffee refilled nearly every time a plate was cleared it was with a focus on variety that I explored the various stations of Wicked Spoon and although not every dish was a success I'd say 85% of the sixty-six items I sampled were at least good while a few far exceeded expectations.  Starting sweet then veering savory and subsequently switching back-and-forth as new plates emerged from the kitchen items such as the fresh fruit pastries immediately showed the strength of the pastry department and while chocolate options proved a touch heavy handed the gelato selection was stunning, the 'white chocolate coffee' and pistachio both on par with Art of Flavors in terms of texture and nuance.  Moving past disappointing Italian and Asian fare aside from swoon-inducing sweet polenta, well accompanied congee, and caramelized pork belly as well as duck it was on to more brunch-oriented offerings that I turned and while both the benedict and slab bacon shined the macaroni and chicken were merely decent - clever titles aside.  Largely skipping salads aside from the impressive beets but impressed by fruits, cheese, cereals, and charcuterie it was finally at the three-hour mark that I'd finally filled up and having already once sampled the delightful custard soaked Pullman it was to creativity I turned; two slices of the buttery cinnamon bread buried beneath a mountain of house-whipped Chantilly cream, Maple Syrup, Dates, and Granola far outperforming any 'designer' French Toast you'd pay $15 for elsewhere in the city.  Unable to compare Wicked Spoon to other Vegas buffets given my relative inexperience with the genre I can only say I was stunned by not only the quality of the food but the passion behind the project.  In a world of "China Buffets" and Golden Corral's where neither presentation nor preparation seems to matter, let alone freshness or sourcing, Wicked Spoon chooses to function like a proper small-plates restaurant with sparkling cleanliness to compliment a trained Chef's vision.
5	We had breakfast at the wicked spoon included with our expedia booking. You can have breakfast from 8am to 3pm which is great especially if you enjoyed Vegas` nightlife the night before. The breakfast buffet was awesome! You can have everything here: French toast, chicken Wings, salat, icecream....
4	We kicked off our bachelorette party weekend with a brunch buffet at the Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan. I wish I could remember every single item I tried, but sadly, I lack a photographic memory. I do remember the following:Angry Mac n' Cheese, spicy salmon roll, bone marrow, polenta, black squid ink pasta, a passion fruit and mango(?) shooter, HUGE cocktail shrimp, French toast, goat cheese in a mini cone, wheatberry salad, goat cheese panna cotta and a ton of desserts (white chocolate citrus cake, baba au rhum, raspberry white chocolate mousse, lemon custard tart, chocolate pistachio cake, chocolate-covered strawberries). My memory of the desserts is much better since I snapped a photo :)As with any buffet, some items are hit or miss. Some I devoured, some I only took a bite or two. Same story with the dessert. I loved how everything was presented in small portions. Sometimes you had to scoop stuff out of a tray just like a standard buffet,  but other times they served the items by the dish. The dessert bar was insane, though. It was hard not to get one of everything. If only they had macarons that day! I was too full to partake in the gelato bar, though that looked amazing.Service was good. Non-alcoholic drinks are complimentary, so I definitely washed down my meal with some hot green tea.The price for brunch was $27 before tax. Not as steep as I was expecting. Make sure to come on an empty stomach and wear stretchy pants.
5	One of the best buffets I've eaten at yet! The French toast was amazing, the salmon eggs Benedict makes you want more & the kale salad is refreshing! The quality and selection will be bringing me back!
4	Wen't for Sunday brunch.  I guess I can see why this is the highest rated buffet in Vegas, although it has some tough competition from the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars.  The strong points were definitely the breakfast foods and dessert.  Don't miss the french toast and banana pancakes!  Egg scrambles and made-to-order omelet bar are awesome too.  Did not spring for the bottomless mimosas ($47??  no thanks!)Generally a great brunch buffet.
3	We went for dinner as it was my first time, but not my friends. We went at a great time as we did not have to wait to be seated. There wasn't a large dinner crowd yet. Food: the food was decent, however not a lot of seafood choices. Would have like to have a lobster dish, scallop dish something. The desert options were decent + gelato options...great.Service: our server was good. She kept checking on us repeatedly. That was a plus.Atmosphere: cool little settingOverall: I'd eat here again
1	Sunday dinner review  from May 18, 2014.  Avoid this buffet if you want food that is quality without being distorted by added crap that masks that flavor.   I'm a meat and potatoes lover, not a "foodie" so I found very little to eat here.  I took a slice of the "prime" rib which certainly was not prime grade meat.  I tried the wasabi mashed potatoes since my other potato choice was fingerling potatoes with duck fat.  I would have appreciated simple plain mashed potatoes no additions.  The wasabi was too spicy for me.  I thought I'd have fried chicken since the beef roast was just ok,  only fried chicken was wings in a little wire basket, I only eat breast pieces, so that wasn't an option. Tried a roll, it was stale and dry, after 1 bite I was done.  As others have said there are no salad greens to make a simple salad with dressing.  Desserts nothing special I haven't seen at Mirage, Bellagio, Harrahs, buffets.  Their sorbet/gelato section does have a wider variety of choices than other buffets.So here's what I was able to eat for $411 slice of rib roast, 2 small scoops of raspberry sorbet.  Iced tea and water.My server was good, kept the water and iced tea full and removed plates quickly.
1	nothing to eat for lunch! I rate 0 star. do not be fooled by reviews. This one is far worse than Bacchanal in Caesars. never come back here again
5	The best brunch buffet I have ever had. Far exceeded my expectations. I like that they "encourage" you to take smaller potions - allowing the focus to be on the quality of the food. Wow!
5	Went to the Wicked Spoon for dinner tonight, on the Friday before Memorial Day weekend; we arrived early so we wouldn't have to wait too long.We were seated by our very polite and pleasant server, who took our drink orders and gave us a quick tutorial on the different food stations. She was attentive throughout our meal, clearing plates, checking in on us, etc.The Wicked Spoon is an excellent choice for those who like food with flavor, and enjoy a variety of cuisine. The salad section included individual wedge and caesar salads, and a variety of other cold foods. Again, if you are expecting a traditional salad bar, you will not find it here. There is, however, an excellent selection of comfort foods, many with a twist! There is an excellent selection of hot foods, and as several reviewers have said, many are presented in creative ways; the creamed leaks, for example, were in individual tiny saucepans. The desserts were substantial in my opinion; a very comprehensive sorbet and gelato bar, along with the obligatory selection of pastries, etc. I recommend the macarons (not a misspelling) and the chocolate covered strawberries.Our entire experience at the Wicked Spoon was top notch, from the welcoming staff to the excellent food choices, to the ambience. We might even go back for dinner tomorrow night!
2	There wasn't a huge selection of foods like some of the other Vegas buffets such at the one at the Wynn. It's also a bit out of the way to get to. I definitely wouldn't go back.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas. It wouldn't be a stretch to consider this place one of the best overall restaurants in Las Vegas either. You see, this place isn't your traditional Vegas value buffet (think Griswold's Vegas Vacation). No, these guys serve quality dishes with superior ingredients. The dishes look attractive too. I loved the southern fried chicken served in a mini fry basket. The various Chinese dishes served mini Chinese take-out boxes were cool too. The Korean short ribs and the shrimp and grits are both must tries. You can't get bone marrow at your local Golden Corral ether. Again, get the traditional "buffet" picture out of your head! This is high quality stuff served to satisfy your appetite and then some. Be sure to hit up the dessert bar afterwards. The chocolate covered strawberries and french macarons were very rich and flavorful!Highlights:Beef short ribsCrab legs Shrimp and gritsSouthern fried chickenPrime ribDessert bar!
4	A meat lover's dream! All you can eat buffet with ham, beef, chicken and more! If you're a seafood lover, you are in the wrong place! We came for brunch around 10 am, it was very crowded already and about a 15 min wait. Food selection included breakfast, omelet station, meat and cheese and a small Chinese station.  There is a dessert area, catering to your sweet tooth. It is reportedly the best Buffett here in Vegas, and all you can drink can be added for total price of 51 dollars per person. See pics for food selection.  Service was attentive and waiter brought us 4 rounds of drinks.  He did try to add extra on our drink but we said this is the wrong bill and he corrected it. He admitted he pressed the button too many times and that was the cause of the error. Food was tasty and not too salty. Plenty of selection for the most picky. However more seafood selection would be an improvement.
2	Very disappointed over this place, heard such great things about their brunch. Food quality was equal to a place like Texas station, lines weren't too long and service was good. Just poor food quality and selection was average at best, walking through the entire casino was a hassle but anticipated it being worth it, couldn't valet park as they were only taking hotel guests. Definitely tell the clientele of this place are the flashy, stick up their behind type even though you can tell most of their crap is knock offs or cheap sterling silver or zirconia but too materialistic of a casino and for the price, bellagio, the m, Caesars and even Rio and the Silverton have this buffet beat hands down.
3	MEH. 40 for brunch. I've been to numerous las vegas buffets and fir the price, I expected a lot more. Wynn and rio seafood top this when it comes to price comparison. However people probably pay this for the experience. Wicked spoon is different because they serve SOME of their food on individual plates to make it look more appealing. Also expect a really long wait.
1	Don't go!!  Worst buffet I ever had last night. $56.75 per person including tax and tips for few main dishes which are not very testy. Not worth it.
5	In my six trips to Las Vegas, I have made it a point to try as many buffets as possible. Some are great because of a low-price and others are great because of the variety. What most buffets lack, however, is the ability to serve high-quality food for the masses. Despite the challenges of serving thousands of people from what amounts to a trough, the Wicked Spoon does a tremendous job. It holds the distinction for me as the best brunch buffet I've had in Vegas, even better than the Bellagio. In fact, the only buffet at the Comsopolitan's level is the Aria Buffet, but that's for another review.The Cosmopolitan has better, newer and more modern ambiance than places like the Bellagio, Monte Carlo and Planet Hollywood. The waitstaff is more attentive as you would expect for an expensive place.The Wicked Spoon is great down to the details. The juices are fresher the desserts are better, the menu is more unique and even the presentation is just better.Here are a few of the unique eats the Wicked Spoon had to offer: braised pork Benedict, chicken apple sausages, angry (spicy) mac and cheese, breakfast pizzas and more.Overall, I was very impressed with the menu (the food on it, not the way it was typed). In fact, there was a type-o on the menu and a missing comma made me order a mixture of cranberry and pineapple juices that didn't exist. But they made it for me and it was amazing.Best Bet: Weekday brunch is cheaper than the weekends.
5	This buffet is hands down the best in Vegas right now. It gets 5 because of the location (Cosmopolitan) and for the food. Be sure to be there at 5pm when they open because the wait can get long. My favs are the fried chicken wings which come in these mini French fry baskets, safron shrimp rice and the desserts. They have everything from hot lava cakes to French macaroons.
5	Hands down the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas !!!!!If you don't eat here you're stupid !!!!!!!!
4	Definitely not your typical buffet. Brunch included pancakes, French toast, bacon, sausage, spicy mac and cheese, beef/pork carving station, chicken tandoori, bone marrow, pizza station, fruit and salad, an Asian section, mashed cauliflower, several egg dishes, and a dessert/gelato bar. The line on a Tuesday was a good 45 minutes... First waiting to pay, then waiting for a table. The meat was dry, but otherwise the food was delicious and fresh. I'd recommend it, but definitely would rather try some other buffets before declaring it a favorite.
3	I was quite disappointed with this buffet after reading all of the high reviews. If you are serious about food quality and perfection, The Buffet at the Wynn is exceptionally better than the Wicked Spoon.
5	As a local, I have ate at many buffets and this is the buffet I love and recommend.  Food is fresh and a huge selection. As a gluten free and vegan, I am often limited.  Not at Wicked Spoon.  You cannot get any better than Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo.  I love their vegetable section. And for my meat loving friends, they rave about the meat.My favorite is the presentation and the cleanliness.
4	Although I've only been to Wicked Spoon and M Buffet (a good drive away from the Strip), the food at both are good in my opinion. Also, the interior is nice.It's not cheap, but this is Vegas. There's a variety of food and desserts to choose from and their alcoholic drinks were not bad ($5 mojito/martini/etc) and were rather strong (good if you like that).The first time I came here with some friends we had lunch and stayed so long they started transitioning to the dinner food! We were excited to see the crab legs and were a disappointed when we tasted them---they were very salty. However, on my second visit here they were fine so I guess it was a bad batch?I loved their little salmon plates as well as the kale salad and fried chicken. Lots of other tasty things offered, including good meats and bottomless soda and juice.
4	This was my favorite buffet out of all the ones on the strip. Love the decor and the ambiance in general. The bathrooms (located in far left corner when you enter) are also pretty nice as well. It's also $41 per person for dinner, which is not a bad deal at all for the selection they have.Now for the food, I'd recommend:(+) chocolate covered strawberries (I made the mistake of filling up on the savory foods and unfortunately didn't get to eat as much of these as I'd like)(+) crab legs(+) spicy tuna roll(+) calamari skewer(+) bone marrow, of course (+) prime rib(+) watermelon with srirachaFoods I'd skip:(-) asparagus moose(-) tako salad (-) most of their asian food selection  Service was okay, but servers behind the counter seem pretty irritated. I'd say Bacchanal at Caesars tops Wicked Spoon on this.
4	Hands down the best and most fun Buffet in Vegas. This is the hipster buffet.All the food comes in little tiny pots or frying baskets and isn't served trough-like at similar style places on the strip.A staple is the carnitas, bone marrow, crab legs , short rib panini, and the outstanding dessert bar.Come hungry, bring your camera, and be ready to #foodporn all night long on Instagram.
5	Awesome buffet- exceeded every expectation that we had- which is hard to do! Well priced and everything we had was delicious! It was creative, had a great variety and each item seemed like you had ordered it a la cart. Loved the desserts- especially the molten chocolate cake with raspberry sauce. We will be back!
3	My first time here and they have all you can drink mimosas and champagne! :D For $14 more...that's a pretty good deal ;) The food here is okay at best.For brunch it was around $35 per person. PROS: -very friendly and exceptional customer service, especially because one of my friends persistently asked for more drinks and our server was more than happy to accommodate my friend. -various types of food that will satisfy any palate. -made to order omelet station as well.CONS:-I was eating a chocolate covered strawberry and I noticed they didn't fully wash the strawberry. I don't think they washed the strawberry at all because I saw some bugs crawling all over the strawberry. Lost my appetite right there and then.-Some of the food like risotto was really dry and not cooked well because I could still taste the crunchiness of the rice -I also tried lox and bagel. The lox had a really bad fishy smell. To me that means the salmon is long overdue. Overall it was an okay place to eat brunch. Dishes besides the ones I complained about were okay. Also, you can't really screw up eggs so I chose to eat that instead. It was a good place to try but I think I'd go to Wynn for the buffet. Maybe the dinner or lunch at Wicked spoon is good but brunch was okay at best.
5	We waited about 10 minutes or so to be seated at around 10am on a Saturday. Very good selection for the breakfast and brunch buffet. Our server was funny but very busy, but nothing too outrageous. $35 each for the buffet, and $12 each for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Very strong pour on the Bloody Mary. We liked everything we had, and a few things were exceptional. Little savory waffle cones with goat cheese and smoked trout, eggs poached in tomato sauce. Apple sausage, carved meats, the list goes on and on. The desserts looked amazing, but I was too stuffed. My wife had a few of the bite-sized desserts and liked them all. Around $125 for a party of two with tax and tip. A little pricey, but we'd go back.
5	You just can't can't can't can't can't go wrong with this place.  This is definitely an upper level buffet among standard ones.  It may not be the fine dining experience or the Ritz but for buffet food, it's pretty impressive.KEEP IN MIND when you look for quality of food at buffets, you are looking at BUFFET FOOD, not minimal menu nice restaurant food.  REMEMBER, the more you focus your business on quantity, you will lose some quality UNLESS you are that awesome.So with that in mind, the seasonal tacos they had by the seafood was incredible!  The mixture of crunch and softness and tenderness from the meat makes this a MUST EAT at this buffet. The desserts, after sampling endless varieties, I can only remember what they look like.  Be sure to try:1. That orange, half ball, crunchy crust thingy.2. The square mango pudding thingy.3. The mini dessert cream cones.4. Any of the macarons.*There is an ultimate WIN to this buffet, but I'm afraid sharing this advice might not be the best idea.  TO FIND IT, find the smaller sign located just to the side of the cashier.  You'll thank me later.
2	Wow. My wife and I came here. Their pho station was decent. Everything else mediocre. Not a fan. This review is for early 2013. Maybe they improved.
3	3.5 stars. $40 for dinner per person.I've heard so many of my friends raving about this place so I couldn't wait to try it out, but I was kind of disappointed. Maybe the food that was served the night I came in wasn't their best or maybe because I went to Bacchanal the night before & they set the bar too high? Wicked Spoon has an array of food ranging from American, Mexican, Italian, & Asian. I thought the food was alright the night I came in for dinner. Some dishes were really good, & then other dishes were just meh. I think the biggest con for me was the fact that some of the food wasn't as warm/hot as they were suppose to be. I do love the portions that they give you though!The best part of this buffet was definitely the dessert! THEY HAD THAI TEA GELATO. & it tasted like legit thai tea too, not some artificial ish. They have a wide variety of desserts ranging from cookies, to cream puffs, to chocolate covered strawberries. You know how some foods LOOK good, but then they don't TASTE good? Well their dessert looked good AND tasted good!I would probably give this place another try in hopes that maybe the food they served the night I went wasn't the best that they had.
4	The best buffet experience in Las Vegas, for sure. Everything is in artfully prepared in small dishes and not in huge feeding troughs. Presentations of each station is good and clean. Some of the food was a little off, though. All of the Asian-inspired dishes were either incredibly sweet or incredibly salty (sushi included). The pizza might have tasted good but certainly didn't look edible in the least. The desserts are the highlight. Gelato is P.E.R.F.E.C.T.  Literally, their maker is the best in Vegas. The service is also the nicest and most attentive buffet servers and cashiers ever! Everyone was super friendly and as soon as our plates were done they were cleared right away.
5	Went here for brunch on a Tuesday. Wonderful experience. Diverse, foodie-cultured menu. Reminded me of dishes you'd see on The Food Network. Also has a nice array of traditional breakfast items, including eggs benedict, Chinese pork belly, and mac & cheese. While most of the other buffets in Vegas tend to be traditional and either excessive or glamorous, Wicked Spoon strikes a decadent balance between old world favorites and new world innovations. Cosmopolitan's art house personality definitely influences the menu and ambiance of Wicked Spoon. Can't wait to try this place for dinner.
4	After my poor review and not liking it the first time, we went back again because friends in our group reaaaally wanted to try it and we were outnumbered. This is more like 3.5stars.It was better this time as we really liked the salmon dish and tried the mac and cheese bar where you can customize w/diff. toppings. Also tried the cold cuts & cheeses, tapenade etc.The food was similar as last but still not outstanding. The crab was already cracked which was great, but they were a bit dry. Do not even try the sushi... the rice was soooo hard and dry (and it wasn't fish, mostly tempura and veggie, cali roll) Asian food was not good almost stale, and the kung pao cauliflower was just ok. The sides were different, for example instead of creamed spinach, it was creamed leaks. They didn't have the shortribs in the pot which was a bummer. Tried the taco and it was dry. If you don't eat red meat or want seafood, forget about it. We had a couple that only eat fish and chicken, and didn't have many choices. (they ate kung pao cauliflower) They had different salads some with tuna and others with boiled eggs. They had a lot of carbs like white rice, brown rice, fried rice, paella, risotto, bread etc. I got my moneys worth in desserts (macraons, cakes, choco strawberries and gelato!) Earlier that day I went to Jean Philip Patisserie and choco strawberries were $5+ each and similar pricing w/gelato so you get a great deal here if you stuff your face with desserts and they taste similar. No wait!
4	We had dinner here last Friday night (5/30). Anticipating a long line, we decided to hit it early -- around 6:00 -- but surprise to find no line so our party of 5 got seated right away. Attendance seemed a bit light for all the hype but that was fine with us. Things did pick up quickly before we left but didn't notice a line yet. The restaurant has a large seating area and they spread a lot of guest out so it doesn't feel crowded. Like others have mentioned, the food is pretty solid overall but some dishes stood out while others I thought were just OK. Most dishes are individually prepared in just the right portions and nicely presented. If you want more, just get more. This allowed us to try a lot of dishes and decide which dishes to try again. For me, the duck wings, kale salad, pork belly, calamari, carnitas, octopus salad and lamb were some of my favorites.Service was good. Our waiter check on us often to clear plates and refill our drinks.Come hungry and don't forget to leave room for dessert. I'll be coming back on our next trip to LV.
5	As a vegetarian, it was completely worth the price! Angry mac and cheese and chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING. Wonderful attentive service. We went for lunch and the line took about 20 minutes, not bad at all!
5	Our trip to the Wicked Spoon was our best dining experience during five days in Vegas. Once you get past the sticker shock, brunch at Wicked Spoon will treat you to many great dishes. I won't get into individual foods, because there's too much to highlight, but it's almost worth it for dessert alone. Wicked Spoon has something for everyone, like my youngest son who is a very picky eater.
5	This is the best brunch experience of a lifetime of brunching.As someone with quite a lot of experience in eating nice brunches, this easily took the #1 spot for the best brunch I've ever had. I arrived at the Wicked Spoon on a Friday around 11 am with my significant other. The restaurant is really big with lots of seating, and the entrance was very efficient and swift with getting the customers seated. The inside is decorated tastefully with a casual, modern look. We were happy to have plenty of space where we were seated. We also paid for the unlimited mimosas, which with the brunch, was really an incredible value considering the level of quality of food that you are getting here.The variety of items was spectacular, and so many of the options were truly original creations, especially for brunch. They offered things such as a delicious risotto, or a creamy tomato gnocchi, and they were each served at the buffet in these adorable mini saucepans. All of the different egg dishes at the buffet were phenomenal. My significant other said that the French toast was the best he had ever eaten, and from its appearance, I found that easy to believe. I won't forget to mention that the bacon was delicious and cooked to perfection. Although I did not try any of the desserts, the dessert buffet was beautiful.I was quite surprised that this restaurant received only a solid 4 star rating. This was, at minimum, a 4.5 star restaurant, although I stand firmly behind rating it at 5 stars. Your table received a bottle pitcher of water so that you are never sitting at your table parched and dying of thirst. The waitress was on quick on her feet, and was even thoughtful enough to bring my significant other two glasses of champagne at a time. You are making a mistake if you come to Vegas and you do not eat here for brunch!
3	Fine for a buffet, I guess.  Some of the food was pretty tasty and some of it was obviously pre packaged.  Go early because you will beat the lines, but also because it'll give you more time to digest so you can drink through the night. I really looked 6 mos pregnant after I left.
5	Great food selection but even better service. LISA hands down best server ive ever had. Very hospitable she turned a regular buffet experience into a really great time. Lox pizza is also reallly good.
5	United airlines gave out buy one get one free coupons on the flight over so we got an amazing deal here.  We came around 1pm for brunch and found out that they start serving the crab legs at 3pm... we literally stayed until around 4pm.  Since we got a good deal we didn't feel as pressured to only eat the expensive stuff and we discovered the congee was amazing.
4	Great times at the spoon after you've spent a night cheering on guns n roses, visiting the after party, driving by crazy horse, and attempting to garner food at spearmint  (they are not a wild game rotisserie and apparently there is no edible cuisine there). We took on the fullOnslaught of the Spoon, and the 36 scoop gelato sampler.
4	We went for dinner, the price was 44$ a person, but this is weekend price. The food was really good, there just wasn't a lot of selection. The quality of the food was very good, and tasted fresh. The service was on par, they never let me stack the dishes. Someone always came by and took our plates without interruption.Overall good buffet, I would visit again
5	My friends and I (group of 6) went to Wicked Spoon for brunch on a Friday. The cost was $29 per person. Alcohol isn't included (made the mistake and ordered a Bellini at $15 a pop). There wasn't a wait at all and we were seated immediately. This buffet was amazing. The presentation was stunning. The taste was incredible. I ate and ate and ate. There wasn't one person at my table that didn't enjoy their meal. There was so many different items it was difficult to pick what to eat. I tried to sample everything but that was impossible. The different types of food items went on and on. The only reason I give it a 5 star rating is because I tried another brunch buffet at Caesars Palace Bacchanal and it was horrible! So I had something to compare it to.    Wicked Spoon was an amazing deal. The good was insatiable. Seriously if you want to enjoy a good buffet don't go anywhere else but the Wicked Spoon. You won't regret it.
2	Went here for dinner Saturday night. $52 per person, group of 9.Food is mediocre for sure. Definitely subpar. - Ramen was extremely salty. Made to order, but your selection of soup broth is limited to just tonkatsu. - 2 pc deep fried chicken wing/drumstick in a metal basket. Avoid this flavorless chicken. Definitely wins the crappy appetizer award. - Chinese box of pork fried rice - Decent, but nothing to rave about  - Boiled sauteed shrimp - Was expecting hot and spicy, but got cold and lacking flavor. - Snow crab legs - Maybe it was due to the timing of the year, but the snow crab legs was disappointing compared to Wynn/Rio/Aladdin's buffet. The size of the snow crab legs were small.What tasted goodMiso Soup - Tough to screw this up, but it did taste goodGelato - Lemon and StrawberryService - GREAT! Personally, I wouldn't recommend this spot. Too much hype on yelp. Maybe because it's one of the newer, trendier buffets.
3	had brunch here about a week ago - food is definitely intricate and you can tell the ingredients are fresh.  salad bar was amazing... savory food was so-so; some of the portioned out food, although very eye appealing, had been sitting there for quite some time, under the heat lamps too long... the 'asian' side of the buffet was pretty dismal - yes, things came in little chinese take-out boxes, but the taste did not blow your mind... nothing i ate was so good, that i wanted to go back again.... the dessert bar and gelato bar were the highlights of the buffet, lots to choose from and all very delicate and easy for tasting.. loved the gelato/ice cream bar....overall, for the price $27 weekday lunch, compared to studio b buffet at the m resort ($17, and with MUCH MORE selection including alcohol) - i would rather go for the later, especially if you're driving in and out of Vegas and happened to be passing by M resort....but YES, i would go to this buffet again if i was around the cosmo area!
4	One of the best buffets that I actually enjoy! Cashier was hilarious and easy going as well as our waitress. The buffet had so many food to choose from. It wasn't like usual food at regular buffets. I really like the decorations in the buffet and how they make the food look so good & taste so good. The dessert had so many varieties! There are diff flavors ice cream like thai tea, nutella, & more! The buffet is located on the west side tower. It is $35 a person. It was my first time here and next time, I would come back!
5	This buffet was perfect! I loved how the portions are mostly individually plated already and the presentation is awesome. The risotto is one of my favorites and the gelato station is delicious! You will not be disappointed. They have everything from breakfast to sushi to pasta and pizza. Very nice spread for 30$ a person. I would suggest upgrading to the mimosa and Bloody Mary option for just 10$. It's definitely worth it. Loved this place!
5	Wicked spoon Oh how you make me so happy... This buffet is not like any other typical buffet... single servings prepared for you,  the dessert bar is huge,  an island on its own. .. Oh and thai tea ice cream YES! Oh the shrimp cocktail!!! Oh the shrimp wheat ball!!! I can go on and on but I won't... You have to come and check it out for yourself... And Maryann Thank you for such great service A++ See you again next time wicked spoon
5	Was looking forward to this specific buffet for our Vegas vacation. Definitely not disappointed!!! Super friendly staff, their prime rib was amazing, elegant atmosphere, and their desserts was to die for (personal favorite were the gelato and the macaroons).Definitely coming back for our future trips to Las Vegas.
5	WOW! I heard alot about Vegas's buffets but it was mind-blowing! Sooo cheap for its quality! Must Must try. The best dishes were: foie gras, made-to-order pasta (you can even add Gruyere cheese) bone marrow, meat, thai-tea flavored icecream (how come I can't find this elsewhere? Definitely going to start looking in NYC, where I live)Anyway this place made my vegas trip 100000000000x better. Will come back!
3	It's over priced! Everything is small plates. We were staying mid week and we had a 30 minute wait to eat.
3	Went here with my boyfriend for dinner on a Friday night. Costed us about $80+ with tip of course. Customer service was great! Very friendly staff and we were lucky to have a great server, Tony. The food here was so-so flavor wise.  The food was fresh since we arrived right when they opened.  The red meats (steak, roast beef, etc) served were cooked perfectly (medium-rare to medium) but bland for my taste.  I felt the variety for entrees were a bit small.  The desserts on the other hand were delicious!  I think I will go back to try the food during brunch time and see if it's better than dinner.
5	We went for dinner on a weeknight. Everything I ate was outstanding! The service was also great as my drink never was empty with the attentive waitress. My husband and I were not disappointed and loved the Wicked Spoon. Our only reservation about such a pricey buffet is the selection. We would have expected more vegetable options, and there was little to no fruit available during our dining experience. Luckily, we were not there to be super healthy and filled up on many other items including the macaroni bar and several scoops of gelato. I would definitely recommend this Vegas buffet, and I feel like our money was worth the overall experience.
4	Aside from me trying to actively avoid buffets, I think it can be a little tricky to give a fair assessment and review of a buffet. I think anytime you have a place that mass produces food at AYCE rates, and especially located by so much foot traffic like the Cosmo/The Strip, you often times have to compromise the quality going down.That said I think Wicked Spoon overcomes that. Across the board the food is good, not spectacular, but definitely fulfilling. My favorites are the mac&cheese you can customize as well as the Wicked Mashed Potatoes. But don't follow my advice because you probably don't want to load up on all those carbs with everything else the buffet has to offer! In addition to the food being good, the presentation on the food is particularly stellar, for what thats worth. The serving sizes of each meal item and the way it is delicately placed on plates is so detail-oriented.Try to leave some room for the dessert because they are definitely spot on and good for buffet-quality.In terms of prices, pay attention to when lunch rates and dinner rates are. During the weekend, dinner rates start at 3 pm and will cost about $41 per person. For kids it comes to $18.
3	Hello, my fellow Yelpers.I rushed over to this place tonight and found myself having only an hour left to eat.So, first off.. Let me say that the Crab Legs here are unflavored, but cut and ready to eat. The prime rib and bone marrow here is delicious. Beware, this buffet only serves crab legs for seafood and has nothing else, except mussels. The best part of this buffet is definitely the dessert section. Granted, if you have a sweet tooth.. This is definitely a place you will enjoy. The chocolate covered strawberries were another delight, except it's only milk chocolate. The macaroons were chocolate banana and were just right.This place serves so much rice. Really, risotto, paella, or fried rice.. You name it.Dinner was $38. Not worth it.. Go to M Buffet for $23.99 instead!
5	Why was i so stupid that I took my husband here when both of us were sort of.. wasted.... I mean. Drunk.I feel like we both didn't get our money's worth.. So.. Lesson Learned. Do not Go to Wicked Spoon and pay about $100 including tip (for two people) when you are Drunk out of your mind.From what i recall...I did enjoy the following:*Prime Rib: Really juicy and tasty... Loved the tenderness and the flavor.. great au jus as well.....*BACON: it's not the strips okay? They have the actual bacon slab. ---this cured my drunkness right away. Amazing amazing. I was so happy I could cry.*Bone Marrow: talk about Cholesterol whatever. This was freaking good.*Fried Chicken: AAAAAH MAAAZING.. and they come in cute little silver baskets.and oh sh*t. that's all i could remember. I didn't even get any french macaron or anything for dessert.But i shall be back. with a better appetite and a not drunk self.
4	I've been here twice and it's definitely on my favorite buffet list along side Caesar's Bacchanal  and the buffet at the M casino. It's definitely a buffet with more sophisticated options. My favorites are the bone marrow, mushroom risotto w/ truffle oil & braised beef w/ cavetelli pasta! Everything I've tried has been really flavorful and not lacking in seasoning. They also offer items like fried chicken, paella, tacos, crab legs, prime rib, lamb, Chinese food in little take out boxes, and an amazing selection of gelatos/desserts. Minus one star because their desserts weren't as flavorful as their food and it's little pricey on the weekend pushing $50 a person.Hours: Open 7 daysDaily Brunch: Mon-Fri 8:00am to 2:00pmWeekend Brunch: Sat-Sun 8:00am to 3:00pm Weekday Dinner: Mon-Thur 5:00pm to 9:00pmFriday Dinner: 5:00pm to 10:00pmSaturday Dinner: 3:00pm to 10:00pmSunday Dinner: 3:00pm to 9:00pmAnd their pricing ranges depending on the time/day, around $30-55 per person but I believe well worth it!
4	Wicked spoon is very pretty inside and the selection for the buffet is very big! They have seafood, lamb shank, steak, Asian food, Italian, French, u name it they probably have it. For a buffet a lot things tasted pretty good. Of course not everything was cooked perfectly. It is a buffet after all. My favorite is the shepherd's pie. It was amazing. Their steak is pretty plain. Their veggie selection is not very big, I won't recommend this place for vegetarians. Their desert section is AMAZING!!! It's so big! Their gelato was amazing!!! I just kept on going back for it. I think wicked spoon is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. It's pretty pricey, almost 45 per person for dinner including tax. I would come back again!
2	I came here an hour before they closed and did not feel rushed at all. Overall they have some good choices but for the price bacchanal is a far better choice. I loved the Bone Marrow, Waldorf Salad, Panna Cotta, & Watermelon. It was disappointing that they didn't have king crab legs..just snow crab. Everything else served was nothing to rave about. They have a good variety of desserts and I definitely recommend trying the Gelato. They have a large variety with some unique flavors. When I went there was a line to get the gelato. Some of the flavors are really good (Chai Tea, Nutella) but others taste off (Mint Chip). The macarons were stale...the filling was hardWhile dining there was a table nearby that was called to the managers attention. The server paid extra attention to them, often flirting with the group of guys and basically neglected our table. Every single time she came to pick up our plates we had already stacked them for her because she had taken so long that we'd gone multiple rounds around the buffet. Be aware that there are better buffets on the strip and think about whether or not you want to spend your money here.
1	I don't know what all the hype is about but my husband and I just ate here and he got the worst stomach ache ever... and I did not even finish the first plate... It's like any other buffet (watered down, dry, tasteless food ... ) and highly overpriced!! Not worth it and I definitely will not recommend or come back to this place ... Yuck!!!
5	My favorite buffet! I love the tapas sized portions, it made it super easy to try a little bit of everything here! Wicked Spoon of course had the usual staples of a Las Vegas Buffet like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, pizzas, and a salad bar. There are just a few things about this place that made this my favorite buffet on the strip: macaroni & cheese bar, bone marrow, and dessert station. Wicked Spoon has a section where a cook makes fresh macaroni & cheese just the way you like it with whatever topping you choose, I had bacon, crab meat, mushrooms and truffle oil-so delicious! At their meat station they not only have different types of roasts, but also cooked to perfection bone marrow. If you haven't eaten bone marrow you are missing out. To top off your meal, if you still have room, they have an ice cream bar at the dessert station. There is a chef that scoops your choice of frozen dessert just got you.
4	The food is good and the atmosphere is nice but it's a bit pricey for the amount of selections they have.
2	This was VERY ok imho.Interesting concept ... little dishes of gourmet food ... but it really wasn't amazing or had me leaving saying wow by any means.Plus my fiance got double charged for this place and is dealing with his bank to get it reversed ... thanks wicked spoon.
5	Certainly the best buffet I've ever had, and probably the second best meal I had during my entire Vegas trip.We visited Wicked Spoon for brunch, and for a pretty decent price (I believe it was in the $35 area), you had tons of options at your disposal from classic breakfast fare to more "interesting" options. How many other places can you get french toast and pancakes with green pea pasta carbonara and goat cheese panna cotta? Every dish I had was excellent, but there were a few standouts in definite need of mentioning: don't miss the angry mac & cheese, or any of the pasta dishes for that matter. Double up on the ratatouille, go nuts with the shockingly good sushi, and save room for the full gelato bar with mini-sized scoops to ensure you can run through their stellar selection of desserts. The high rating is well deserved.
2	Sorry, I honestly tried so hard to love this buffet. It's beautiful, the decor is nice. The staff is great....well except for the two chefs who decides to have a rather heated exchange by the Asian station (please, go fight in the kitchen). But there was very little to like when it came to the main entrees. First, the positives. The cold station/salad bar was great!! Desserts 100% saved the meal. Otherwise, the bone marrow was a huge failure. Season it, serve it with charred crostini and it needed a little something acidic to fight the richness. Homemade bacon, again...season it. One bite just tasted like pure salt. And the next bite tasted like ham. Cure it, smoke it, etc. Crab legs....snow crab? No thanks, not for $47 per person before tax. And it doesn't matter if you serve things in tiny portions...if it still just sits around under a heat lamp, it's still not attractive and doesn't make me want to try it. My advice...throw in the extra $11 and go eat at Bacchanal.
3	Food is okay for the price, we figured to give it a try with all the great reviews and recommendations. Do not come in for brunch because the selection is rather limited. We'll probably try the dinner selection eventually and find out if this place is worth coming back to.
5	If you want fresh and delicious make sure to stop by this buffet. There will be foods you've never tried and foods you must try. We went twice while in Vegas because it was that good.
3	I had very high expectations for this buffet but all in all not the best I've been to. We waited in line for an hour only to find out we had 30 minutes to eat before they started putting the food away. They really should tell people a wait time or have a sign stating when food is no longer served at the beginning of the line. The food was good but not excellent. Service was mediocre due to the fact that our used dishes were still on the table when we had come back with new food. I'm usually not that picky but if I am paying 40 dollars a person I expect the very best. Overall I would just go to the aria for their buffet... much better.
4	Their desserts are phenomenal. I wasn't too impressed with much else. The bone marrow really is a heart attack. I don't enjoy chunks of fat, I think I'll stick to bacon. For the price, it really is just fair. I paid roughly $58 for dinner. Chow down on those crab legs, they were the best things there!
1	Not impressed at all. Thought they would have a better selection of food with the price  that you pay. I was really upset that we got charged a mandatory gratuity fee because a family member was seated next to us. The waitress asked if we knew her and when we said yes, the waitress automatically insisted that we pay this mandatory gratuity. I mean doesn't she have to wait on the other tables surrounding us? It made no sense and she wouldn't or couldn't explain the theory behind it. After paying this " mandatory gratuity" we couldn't enjoy our dinner and decide to leave. I was really looking forward to the Wicked Spoon but unfortunately with the experience we had, it just didn't happen.
5	I literally cannot say enough about this effing buffet!!! OMG! My husband and I stopped in after reading the good reviews for brunch one day of our Vegas honeymoon. It was SO worth the hike from our hotel to get there! The service was the best we received from even the priciest of restaurants we visited during our vacation. Right from the start we got some great advice and instruction from the cashier on how to go about enjoying the buffet. Our server greeted us right away and brought us some amazing Bloody Mary's (and even made sure we had to-go cups before we left!). The buffet was unlike any we have ever tried. All of the food was gourmet and portioned perfectly in awesome little serving vessels. It had all the usual excess of any Vegas buffet, but everything was amped up to a whole new level of quality. I'm Celiac and have to eat gluten free and I found so many great options with ease (including gluten free cupcakes- what?!?!) I ate my own weight in mashed potatoes, indulged in some outstanding spicy poached eggs, had 2 servings of the most delicious kale salad in existence and left feeling so insanely full (but not grossly so like you do from so many other buffets). Best. Buffet. Ever. Best restaurant ever! An absolute must for any Vegas trip!
4	Definitely one of the top 3 buffets in Vegas! Big selection of food and desserts, and good quality. The meats were top notch...especially the house made bacon(cut to order) and the bone marrow....winners! The seafood selection wasn't too impressive and not much to choose from. The Asian entrees was pretty much the downfall of the buffet. But overall,  very impressive buffet!
3	I would want to give this place a 4 star for creativity in a way i feel is more sanitary but I base my review on flavors, selections, quality. Their selections (most) are in tiny pots and plates (individual servings) instead of the traditional scooping method. Another reason is the quality of the foods are fresh and in the ingredients they use. In the salad section and the carving station, the food is great! They serve giant bone marrows that many other buffets do not serve. Well I don't eat it as I got to watch my cholesterol intake but heard is delicious and I can tell as how many of those things I see people grab! When it comes to the pasta and other pot/small plate sections, I do have to say that the food is quite greasy and very salty. Some items were delicious but not too well rounded as I would expect for a classy buffet like this and for the price you pay. With the line that's also over an hour long at times, not too worth it. (minus 1-star).The place is quite huge and all the food items are spread out. So selection wise, not too many choices at all. So again for the price you pay, not too happy. (minus-1 star) Also, I don't think they make all the desserts themselves which kind of sucks but they are still delicious!  I will admit since I do like some of the selection they offer that no others have, I may come back again. But rarely as again, because its expensive, the line is crazy and for being non consistent in flavors (salty/greasy) this would definitely be a rare or craving occasion.
5	Seriously the best buffet out there. One thing that's really important to me is that everything is clean. The servers and chefs make sure everything is nice and tidy. The wait staff is great and are always checking in, making sure you have everything you need. The food is FANTASTIC! The lamb, salmon, bone marrow, and desserts were phenomenal. Also, every salad I tried was great. Everything tasted extremely fresh and was prepared into little portions so you could try little bits of everything. The watermelon w/ siracha  sauce was a huge hit at our table. The gelato bar is great with some really unique flavors. There honestly wasn't anything I tried that I didn't like (and I tried A LOT of stuff)! If you're going to the dinner buffet (the one we went to), I would highly recommend getting there right when it opens or sometime between 5-6, otherwise you might be waiting in a massive line, and we went on a weeknight. Again, really impressed with how clean it was and how swiftly everything moved, even when it got crowded. The price was about $40 a person, but it was totally worth it. Will definitely come back for the brunch buffet!!
4	Four $41 on a Friday night and half-price for the kids it is a little bit overpriced for the quality. I wouldn't say it is such a bad quality however compared to what I did before.  I really like the wings in it's own fryer basket. The chinese box for rice is great too for little kids.. Not many were all HIT items, you gotta pick and choose but overall for 3 or 4 Hit items, the price is way out of the ball park.   The gelato is great, btw, many selections and of course as many times as you want.  I prolly would not choose this again, but if others were so crowded, i might come back. It's more like a B-. That's a passing grade but not really all thaaaat.
1	No good!!!!!! $35 per person and the food is just not so good and wine is not included.  I recommend M buffet at M resort ,much better for the quality, variety and  price. The M resort buffet includes wine, latte and much better variety and quality!!!!! You wont be disappointed at the M buffet!
4	Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan is doing buffet right.  Food is made in small batches or individual servings which keeps everything fresh and reassures you that you're not sharing a dish with the last 100 people who came before.  There is a variety of American and International fare, food that is familiar and new and whimsically presented.The interior is modern, clean, and comfortable.  Our server was friendly and pointed out her favorite dishes that she didn't want us to miss.Put on your stretchy pants and head on down.  Try coming at off-peak times like in between breakfast and lunch or an early dinner to avoid having to wait and look for possible discounts when signing up for an Identity Club Card or coupon books to save.
4	As far as buffet goes, 4 stars. Tons of variety. You will eat so much you'll start to feel uncomfortable. Desserts were awesome, especially the gelato. My server was friendly and attentive. The line/wait wasn't too bad, but I went on a weekday.Will probably try other buffets before thinking of returning. Unfortunately, nothing really stood out as cravable. For the price paid, you can get at least a couple excellent meals off strip.
1	Some of the worst service I have had in any Vegas restaurant. The lady in the front seem to be angry that more people were coming in at 8:45. When speaking to us, she was very rude and had much of an attitude.The guy serving the desserts was eating his crab legs behind the counter and when I asked for a scoop of ice cream. He looked at me and said "Sorry we can't serve anymore (This was at 9:10 PM, when they do last-calls at 9:15 PM). I guess he was hungry...Our server was amazing though as she was very prompt with our drink refills
4	Reallyyy enjoyed this place! Food taste so much better than the buffet in caecars palace and price was more affordable. Mac n cheese bar is awesome since you get to decide what goes in your mac n cheese. I just wished that they had a bigger options with the desserts.Come early as possible before lunch and dinner rush. Line gets super long.
3	This is more like 3 or 3.5 stars. I am giving an extra 0.5 starts because of the ambiance, decor, and the presentation of the food.When you walk into the buffet it looks stunning and modern. Even the glasses for your water are cute glass cups. We went on a weekend so the lunch price was slightly cheaper at $36.75. I believe that the lunch price ends at 3pm and the dinner price starts at 3:30pm. If you come make it before 3 you can get the lunch price, but stay long enough to 3:30 to get some of the dinner selection!The food was presented in a cute manner in a nice petite, delicate manner. Unfortunately the food did not taste as wonderful as it looked. I was slightly disappointed with the quality of the food, especially after hearing so many great reviews about this place. Most of the food was edible, it was not spectacular like how some of the past reviews made it out to be. Additionally, the buffet is not too big so there was a limited selection. We waited for the dinner, but when it became 3:30 there was not a huge difference between the lunch and dinner. I am not sure if it was because we went on a weekday or this is how it normally is even on the weekends. My group and I were all excited for crab at dinner, but when we got it it was not even boiled, but cold and way too salty. I must say the risotto was not too bad, probably the best meal, but it would have been even better if it was kept warmer. We all though that dessert would save the day after looking at the gorgeous pictures on Yelp and reading the reviews, but once again we found ourselves dissatisfied. At least our server was nice enough to personally deliver macarons to us after we asked her if there were any that day. There was nothing special about the desserts. The macarons were a bit too hard and it may have been  was not a huge fan of flavors as well. I would have liked more variety but they only offered two flavors, one being orange. The highlight was most likely the ice cream. I probably won't come back since the food was definitely not worth the price.
1	This is my second visit to wicked spoons. I have been here over a year ago and I thought the food was delicious and presentation was nice. I was so excited to go back and was VERY DISAPPOINTED in both the food quality, selection and SERVICE!! I was there for dinner, I paid at 6pm and had to wait in a line to be seated. The wait wasn't bad, was bout 20 minutes. We were seated and I went to see what was good. The only thing that appear good was the crab legs. I got about 5 pieces, the shrimp cocktail looked alittle leftover from lunch. There was no cut fruit, except banana and apple. The Asian food items were combine about 10 items. I tried couple of the items and walked around again and didn't see anything appealing and what I tasted wasn't good. I told my server I wasn't happy with the food and he called the manager. The manager said he can ask the Chef to make something. I honestly lost my appetite after 2 bits of bad food and I only had 30 minutes left cause I only had some time till my flight. I told the manager I only had 5 crab legs, 2 bits of some dish. He was quite rude saying I was here for a hour and could not refund my money, I was technically in the dining area for 40 minutes but I didn't barely ate anything. I didn't feel I was offered good service. I said I'm not happy the food and will be leaving. He just said okay because he DOES NOT care. I never complain in restaurants unless it's something BIG!! Sad to say, Cosmo does not care bout their customers...at least that is how they made me feel. Advice: if you don't like something, make sure you complain within 15 minutes. Don't me like me to think to wait around for the server. So disappointed!!! I left crying because the manager took 2 minutes to deal with me and  didn't care and made it KNOWN they do NOT care!! So go to the older hotels for a good buffet.
4	After not eating breakfast and lunch, a four-hour drive, and a trek across multiple hotels to get to the buffet, we worked up an appetite and couldn't wait to eat! There was a small line outside the cash register where you pay first then dine. We opted out of the unlimited drink option which was only $10 more because we were ready to eat until we each had a food baby. Our buffet meal came out to be around $41 dollars per person before tip. This also includes unlimited fruit drinks and soda!I was very impressed with the amount of variety of foods they had! It definitely blows any local buffet out of the water, but it is to be expected if you're paying over $40 for a meal! Unfortunately, the food was not mind-blowing. Some dishes were good and some were mediocre. I would skip the Chinese foods they have in the take out boxes completely. The best part about this buffet and probably all the other Las Vegas buffets are their desserts. There are many choices of ice cream, cakes, and pastries to choose from. Overall, the service was decent, but I think buffets usually don't provide much incentives for outstanding performance.
4	Whenever I hear of these somewhat crazy priced and famous Las Vegas buffets, I always come in with high expectations. Why not right? It's Vegas. And considering how hard money is to come by these days, you've got to be smarter about where and how you spend it. Wicked spoon was not an exception, and for me...It lived up to the hype.I went in for brunch, and after seeing all the amazing photos posted by my fellow yelpers, I was excited.  Everything was presented well.  The plates/containers utilized to display the individual entrees were so cute. I absolutely LOVED their pork belly! Although we unfortunately came towards the tail end of their brunch, so I was only able to get whatever was left. I think they refilled it one other time, but it was totally gone the next time I arrived :(. Their French toast was also notable.  Next time I brunch there, bottomless mimosas will be a priority. I'd also like to experience what dinner is like here as well.  It was definitely memorable, and I very much look forward to my next visit!
3	Wicked spoon was a bit of a let down. You pay Wynn prices but all you end up with Is mediocre food in small serving sizes. It's more of a gimmick then anything. Do yourself a favor, go wait in line at the Bellagio, or pay the price for the Wynn.
5	This is by far the best hotel brunch buffet I've ever had and my wife agrees! So many item to choose from, crazy. Stay away if you're trying to stay lean for the pool area :-) ... If you're staying at the cosmopolitan make sure you get breakfast included since you don't wanna miss out! Open for brunch between 8am-2pm which makes it perfect for everybody staying in Vegas.
5	First time here was with a group of 10 people. They had special promo 3 years ago and 8 of us got free pass for the buffet!!! I love their huge shrimp and huge chocolate strawberry ^^ I brought my mom here once and she is in loved with their lamb chop! ^^
3	Maybe because Bachannal buffet is so above and beyond, having high hope for the almost equally praised Wicked Spoon, I am fairly disappointed.To compare with Bachannal, the pluses are- some deserts are slightly better.  Macarons were not available at Bachannal- the BBQ and grilled meat, quality and selections are better than Bacchanal.  - no one rubbing elbows with you in competition for crab legs - more vegetarian dish selectionsThe minuses and misunderstandings- seafood selections are much better at Bachannal.  They got raw oysters, generous selections of bigger sized peeled shrimps.  While Wicked Spoon has seared salmon, Bachannal has seared sea bass.  Is it not at least a step up or what?- I came to Wicked Spoon because I thought they serve smaller portions on all the food and in exchange I had high hope for quality.  This is where my most disappointment is.  In fact, majority of the food is still served just like any other buffets and not much better quality.- the desert selections and quality is another disappointment.  They actually reminds me of buffet on a mediocre Carnival cruise buffet, the arrangements are messy. (except the Macarons.). What I thought is so funny are the raspberry chocolate mousse, they put printed raspberries on top the mousse.  Come on!
2	The food option was great for the most part. Leg of lamb/bone marrow was good and so were the ice creams. Unfortunately, I will give it 2 stars because as i was walking around, there were dirty plates on the "clean" plate stack on two separate areas of the buffet floor, And im not talking about dirty plates with smudges. These plates had full on touched left overs on them. Another reason why it's getting 2 stars? My chocolate covered strawberry had hair twirled around the chocolate. I thought my hair had fallen on my plate at first, until i picked it off and the hair literally un-twirled itself around the berry....For a highly rated buffet location, i wouldve expected sanitary practices.
4	Wicked Spoon wicked goodOne of the finest buffet in Vegas. They were one of the first buffet to implement small portions on small serving plates.  It makes the buffet experience more sanitary and less wasteful.Food quality is great. They change certain parts of the menu often so it doesn't get boring.I love their ice cream selection.
3	2.5/5, +.5 for serviceNot so wicked anymore unfortunately.Wicked Spoon was the talk of town the first time I was in Las Vegas in 2011, along with the Bellagio and Wynn buffets. However, in my most recent visit, Wicked Spoon has definitely slipped in quality, and with Bacchanal opening the focus is easily on them now.However, Wicked Spoon still has great variety for what it offers. I especially like the fact they have the small pots for many of their foods, so it encourages less waste (although people like my dad would grab 10 pots!). Their prime rib and dessert options are definitely on the plentiful side, so I guess if you're more into meat and not into seafood Wicked Spoon would still fit your appetite quite well.The price, however, is not worth it especially comparing to Bacchanal. I paid the same price for both, but easily had a better buffet experience a few blocks north. I didn't manage to go back to Wynn this time around, but if their buffet is still good this place will be taken off my buffet to-do list.Service was great though. The waiter constantly approached us to refill our drinks, asked if we wanted more, and greeted and said goodbye to us.
4	This buffet is amazing. I've been here twice now. The moment I walked in, the plethora of options was too amazing. I recommend the meats section, where else can you load up on endless bone marrow, pork loin, and tender prime rib? The seafood section was decent as well, although not exceptional compared to other buffets. I do have to give it to the mussels though, the white wine butter sauce they sit in is DIVINE. They also have your usual crab legs and shrimp cocktail. Sadly no raw oysters.The asian section is hit and miss. I really liked the pork belly fried rice as well as the takoyaki. The sushi section was abyssmal. There was no sashimi and the rolls are cookie cutter rolls like the California Roll or the Spicy Tuna roll. The California Roll isn't even the delicious kind, it has the unchopped kani (crab) with cucumber. It's pretty much the same kind of California Roll you'd find in a Safeway sushi box.But the desserts OH MAN. There are so many options. Apple cobbler, chocolatre lava cake, macarons, an assortment of sorbets and ice creams, and even these delicious dessert cones (chocolate cones with cream filling).Come at lunch on weekdays for the best bang for your buck. It will leave you filled up until 10PM (at least it did for me) A definite stop every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best buffet in Vegas and probably the country. It's in the cosmopolitan, so everything is new and modern and clean. Some favorites were the prime rib, leg of lamb, beef ribs, bone marrow, adobado tacos, fried chicken, and the crab legs. In that order. I had some other stuff too but I kept coming back for these. For desert, I must have had 20 chocolate-oreo covered strawberries (they cost like $2 each in real life), some coconut macarons, and a scoop of mango gelato. I also had some diet coke (complimentary) to wash it all down, you know, like an American.Small gripe is that the waitstaff didn't come around too often, so we were left with a plethora of empty plates.Either way, I begrudgingly made the treacherous and seemingly endless walk back to their parking lot, with both an intense feeling of euphoria and self-loathing. One of the best and shameful dining experiences and I will be back!
1	One star is generous.  But there are no minus stars available.Ssooooooo disappointed.   Let's face it the Cosmopolitan commercials are better. They try to be hip and trendy with exotic food offerings but fail miserably. Dishes are dry and tasteless.  Spent almost $40 for carbs and sone sugar. What??!!!  No prime rib or turkey?  Oh ya mashed potatoes were pretty good and the white chocolate mousse thing okay.  Go to Bacchanel instead
4	Absolutely loved Wicked Spoon. We got there right when it opened so not much of a wait. Love the individual servings. The food taste freshly made. If you're a dessert fan, you'll appreciate Wicked Spoon. Huge selection of desserts. There is less variety of seAfood than Bacchanals but beside that my favorite buffet in Vegas.
3	When you're trying to feed a teenage boy there are times when you've got to go buffet. And,  as buffets go,  this one is pretty good. Great selection of small plates with something for everyone. Service was quite good. Don't miss the raspberry macaroons on the dessert bar.
3	Two lines for payment and tables.Food was good.. a lot of variety, but nothing which was outstandingly delicious. Felt that only the desserts lived up to the price they were charging. Service was very good though and so was the presentation of the food in tapas sized portions.
4	This place was good but I can't give five stars because I've been to most of the buffets in Vegas. The prime rib was chewy and even though they gave me a rib it was too dry. Our server was a little weird. At one point he stood behind my chair. I really don't like it when servers stand behind me while I'm trying to eat. Happy hour drinks were watered down. Food was good but not outstanding. The desserts were excellent. Luckily we had a 2 for 1 otherwise it would've costed us $82.
4	Expensive but worth the price.  Went to numerous buffets in Vegas and this is by far the best one.  The quality of the food is way above the rest.  Good selection from your usual buffet choices.  We went during brunch and had a good selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner food.  I would give it five stars, but our waitress was not tentative.  We had to keep asking for refills and ask for our plates to be removed.  But definitely a place I would recommend and will be back for.
3	Kind of a letdown after reading the reviews, was expecting something much better in both terms of food and atmosphere.The food is ok, not really over the top great nor is it bad either - just ok.  There are lots of options, I'll give them that.  Also our server was really good.Being at the Cosmopolitan I thought it would have a cooler vibe and atmosphere but it's unfortunately your usual cattle call buffet.
5	Small bites, huge flavor, excellent presentation, succulent carving station, and a wonderful gelato spread. Best buffet I've had period. After going to that other "hot spot" in Caesar's and returning here for brunch, it was clear to me Wicked Spoon is in my view one of the top shelf buffets in Vegas.I love the carving station. Sliced bacon! The fancy kind you can't find at the local grocery. Housemade sausage too. Don't overlook the fresh fruit smoothies too.The gelato spread was most impressive. Imagine trying all the flavors in small little bowls to your heart's desire. The combinations are endless. I personally like the peanut butter and jelly.Best thing was my son to be (under 5) was free! Can't beat a family friendly buffet on the strip!
5	I have to say this is one of my favorite spots for brunch in Vegas!! I love it, they have so much to choose from. I still want to try it out for lunch or dinner, I heard it's just as good. I've been here a few times and never have I had a problem with anything here. The customer service is also great and the selection of food is awesome. I highly recomend it and will be coming back soon, maybe this time for dinner. I say you try a little bit of everything than a lot of one thing.. Enjoy..
4	The trick to the Wicked Spoon is to come around 1 PM on weekend days. Yes, you will spend over an hour in the purchase line and the seating line, but when you sit down around 2, 2:15, the place begins to clear and there's not much jostling for that last slice of fancy meat or cornbread. And the other part? Around 2:45, they begin clearing the breakfast/lunch items and begin setting out dinner dishes. We began seeing people rush towards the food at that time, so we ventured up and each got a mountain of huge crab legs. They switched the omelette station with a gourmet mac n cheese station, and put up a fancy make-your-own-ramen station.The desserts are all gorgeous, but we found that the best ones weren't the chocolate ones - they were the cream ones (panna cotta-like ones) or fruit ones. Our waitress was really nice. A friend ordered the unlimited bloody Mary and didn't like it, so she took it off the bill, no problem.
5	Honestly, this is as good as it gets! The servers are very attentive. They make sure your plates are cleared and drinks are toped off. And the Food  is amazing! The presentation is eye friendly and the quality and variety is what you expect when going to a Vegas buffet.
3	It's the only buffet I go to on the strip. It is about $36 for bunch $48 for brunch with unlimited mimosas and a little over $55 for dinner. The best deal for your buck is to come here for before 3pm but close to it for the unlimited mimosa brunch so you can get drunk and eat. The best part about doing a late lunch is that you pay brunch price but you get dinner food items. Dinner doesn't have unlimited alcoholic drinks which is why I rather do that. Just eat all the crab legs and drink all the mimosas you can. Their Thai tea ice cream to finish it all off is also amazing.It is expensive here, but it's vegas.
3	I came here on a Wednesday night so I only waited about 20 minutes for a party of 3 which isn't too bad for a buffet as popular as Wicked Spoon. I've heard a lot of good things about this place, so I decided to try it for myself. I didn't really enjoy it to be honest. In my opinion, there wasn't very much variety. Nothing really stood out to me taste wise and I didn't really go back for any seconds.
3	I finally tried the brunch here and it was delicious. The dinner was so so. At our last stay at the Cosmo, my gf really wanted to go to Wicked Spoon but we had to check out, so on our last day, we went to the Wicked Spoon for brunch.I was previously disappointed by the dinner here so I was hesitant to try out the brunch. So the selection here isn't as large as Bacchanal but it was great overall. Everything I tried was delicious minus the indian cuisines. Way too much spices for me. Some of the notable dishes for brunch included bone marrow, the Asian porridge, dubuki, and duck eggs benedict. Overall, the dishes were all pretty decent. The dessert here was really good as well, I liked the thai tea gelato, chocolate oreo strawberry and coffee cake. So why the 3 star review? It is an average between brunch and dinner, the brunch was 4 stars but the dinner was 2 stars for me.Overall, come here for brunch but go to bachannal for dinner.
4	Server was good and there wasn't much a food selection as compared to a cheaper station casino buffet but it was tasty and the cinnamon French toast was to die for!!! About 35 per person for brunch and 40 for dinner. I will eat here again.....eventually.
2	First I must state I have NEVER been a fan of buffets. I come from the south: the land of the baptist church on every corner and buffet across the street. It's always the same too, where only one-tenth of the food choices interest me and they are prepared and taste badly.Wicked Spoon was only slightly better than those southern buffets.However, a few things I got were really good like the goat cheese panna cotta, the salads were crisp and topped with good dressings, the grilled artichokes were perfection.But.... the stuff I didn't like tasted really awful. The Cajun shrimp (my apologies to Mississippi delta folk and lovers of Vietnamese Cajun restaurants) were terrible - overlooked and drowning in a bad sauce that was underseasoned and not spicy. The saffron rice would have been good if the rice was cooked through. The prime rib was good as long as you got the spice-rubbed end. And the desserts were all meh except for the gelato.For $50 I'd rather have gone to a better place and had a single plate of food served to me (and not have to stand in line for it) where all the items were cooked well and tasty.
4	We definitely enjoyed the options at the dessert station.  The small bites are a nice way to try a variety of flavors.  Our waitress was attentive and the wait time for seating was minimal.
3	Had the brunch and dinner buffets on separate days.  There was crossover of items between brunch and dinner which was a little disappointing, but I guess it would be next to impossible to do completely different options at every station.  It's good quality for a buffet.
4	This buffet tops them all. Forget about the traditional, boring old buffets. Wicked Spoon has bomb ass, gourmet food with a sweet & modern presentation.  I was real impressed with their selection, and enjoyed dining here with the girls post-pool party.
4	It was just ok.  4 stars for variety and appearance.  Dessert collection is great.  Omelette line long as ever!  Yogurt, sushi, angry Mac and cheese, and kale salad was the best.  Oh and expensive, make sure you go hungry for the brunch buffet, get your money worth!
1	First visit was great about two years ago. This year I had to let people know not to come here. I had a small issue with the place and asked to speak to the manager. He did nothing but blow it up into a huge deal. This small people with the place turned info a full refund and my party of four (for my wife's birthday) got up and left. We didn't eat. To top it off the manager had the nerve to try and run his mouth at me while giving me my refund. NEVER AGAIN will I return to this Hotel, Casino or Restaurant. The attitude alone from the manger was so disrespectful I can't believe he's manager in a hotel I THOUGHT was a respectful place to enjoy a vacation. Never again.
4	Not the best buffet in Vegas but it is a definite must-go spot if you love bone marrow. I went on Sunday and their lunch was $39 and dinner $45.
3	We debated between Wicked Spoon and Baachanal since we had never been to either.  We went to Wicked Spoon because of the horror stories of the Baachanal wait time.  We went for brunch on a Saturday.  We waited about 45 minutes total, not too bad.  It is $39 for Saturday brunch.  We were a little disappointed in the selection.  The food was pretty good but really there were not a lot of options.  The cashier explained the buffet to us and said that there are usually not crab legs at brunch but today there were for the holiday weekend.  (For $39 there should always be crab legs).  And the crab legs were small!  Nothing like the crab legs at Rio or Wynn buffets.Some of the best items were the fresh fruit shooter, beef and broccoli, wedge salad, mac and cheese, and culotte beef.  The desserts were fabulous though.  The chocolate moulton cake was amazing!  Get it with some gelatto and it's heaven.  I also loved the little chocolate cone with white chocolate and apricot filling, the gelato, peanut butter cookie, and lemon meringue tart.  The little square bites of different cakes were forgettable.  Definitely save room for dessert!
3	I was disappointed by this place - maybe I was expecting too much.  They didn't have as much to offer as I thought they would based on how expensive and highly rated it is.  I went for the Fourth of July holiday dinner ($47.99 before tax) and there didn't appear to be any special "holiday" items.  There was limited seafood (flavorless snow crab and shrimp, dry salmon), and the prime rib was also dry.  Some of the more unusual buffet items were good, like the gnocchi, heirloom tomato salad and the lamb curry.  It sounds weird, but I loved the pistachio nut mix.The best part of the buffet (by far) is the dessert selection.  Chocolate/oreo covered strawberries, lemon tarts, pistachio cake, etc.  I highly recommend the housemade gelato/sorbet.  The flavors are unique and taste really high quality.  I may or may not have had 6 scoops.Everything is still a step up from your standard Vegas buffet, just not as amazing as it looks in photos.  If you are looking for a decent buffet with an extraordinary selection of desserts, this is your place.
1	We went on a Saturday for lunch. the asian section and sushi was especislly bad and stale. Bbq is okay at best. Dessert was satisfactory. Also there was not a lot of selection as i thought there would be. I know I'm going to get alot of dislikes for this review but I don't care haha haha hahahahahahahahaha
4	Stopped in on a Saturday, where it was $41 a head.  The GF was moving back from Vegas to Reno, and wanted to do one last Vegas buffet (we had done Bacchanal a few months previously).While Bacchanal felt big and over the top, Wicked Spoon felt more restrained.  Don't get me wrong - the selection was large and varied, but while Bacchanal felt like it was turned to 11, Wicked Spoon was more a 7 or an 8.  On the other hand, we only had a 30 or 45 minute wait compared to the 90 minute wait at Bacchanal.One thing that seemed to set this place apart was the focus on single serves, almost amuse-bouche style, with everything from the shrimp cocktail to the desserts being small, one or two bite pieces.  This is actually perfect for a buffet, letting you sample a wide plethora.  On the other hand, the quality of the dishes was generally just meh.  Nothing really blew me away - most things were just average.Crab legs seemed a little skimpy, and I'm not a fan of the sliced-in-half legs that seems to be the trend these days.  I much prefer the notched crab legs, that take a bit of work to break, but reward you with much large chunks of crab meat.An exception to the average quality would be the made to order mac and cheese.  I'm going to guess this is usually an omelet station in the mornings, as the items were basically the same: bacon, shrimp, spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, garlic, cheeses, etc.  Add in a decadent white sauce and you get some of the richest, most gluttonous mac and cheese I've had.  No subtle flavors here - this is a right-hook to the taste buds.The GF really appreciated the dessert bar, which was wide and varied, and again, lots of tiny bites.  I would say one miss for me was the plates - even for the salad and dessert bars, the plates had come straight from the dishwasher, being almost uncomfortable warm.  For the dessert bar, it was hot enough that it caused the chocolate desserts I put on my plate to melt, leaving my chocolate covered strawberry in a little puddle.I think we got what we paid for - we paid maybe 20% less than Bacchanal, and probably got 80% of the quality.
5	Ended up stopping here on a mid-Friday morning after our flight landed at McCarran for their version of 'brunch'.  For $27, I must admit it was outstanding.  A giant selection of good quality food.  I'd definitely come back.
3	"Eh" is all I have to say.Located inside the Cosmopolitan hotel next to Rose. Rabbit. Lie. We came here for my bf's bday dinner. $38 per person, $56 if you wanted unlimited wine or beer. There was no line on a Wednesday night so we were seated in about 10 minutes. The layout is beautiful. Warm and inviting. There were crystal decorations hanging from the ceiling throughout the restaurant. There's even a glass jar of water at your table so you won't have to ask the server for more water refills. Our server's name was Vladimir and he was on top of his game. Clearing our used plates and refilling our iced teas. The food on the other hand was the reason for the low stars. They offer small portions, which is great because then you get to sample everything instead of loading up on certain things. For some reason, I ended up eating a lot of salads. A wedge salad, Cesar salad, beats salad, papaya salad, ceviche (kind of a salad)...you get the picture.  The salads were very fresh and flavorful though. I just wasn't blown away by the actual hot food items. The only hot food items I remember picking up were tacos, chicken wings, bone marrow, and soup. Nothing stood out as "omg I need to get more of this." And the chicken wings smelled like arm pit. The bf did enjoy the prime rib and spicy sausage. As for the dessert bar, very underwhelming. They had chocolate covered strawberries, macarons, gelato and a few other pastries. I tried everything since I have the biggest sweet tooth. I felt bad because almost all the desserts I picked up went to waste. I took one bite and didn't like any of it. I have to say I did enjoy the chocolate covered strawberries and the pistachio gelato. I even got seconds of them. All in all, I like trying new places to eat. But if I were to eat at a buffet again, I'd just stick with Bacchanal at Ceasar's Palace.
3	I am not generally a buffet person, but as they say, "when in Vegas"....Being the good yelper that I am, I did a lot of research on the important subject of "buffets" before my latest trip to Vegas.  Everyone has their own opinion as to which is the best, but Wicked Spoon looked the most unique to me.Since it was a holiday weekend, the dinner price was $47.99. I was kind of expecting to get some extras because of the holiday, but it appeared to be the usual fare.  What I found disappointing about the buffet, was that it does not have nearly the selection that I thought it would. It was large for a standard buffet, but I felt it was small for a Vegas buffet.  I have read that the carving station is the best part of this buffet, but I majorly disagree.  The sausage had a weird flavor, the ribs were very dry, and so was the prime rib.  We came early in the evening, so maybe they bring a larger selection of meat out later on...My highlights were the salads, the poke, the gnocchi and the desserts.  The food is all presented really well, but that doesn't matter if it doesn't taste good!  The exception is the dessert, it looks and tastes good.  I was told they have a famous pastry chef on staff, and you can tell.  Save room for the gelato!
2	I'll preface this review with the statement that I've never been to a buffet that I would go back to this being one of them. Back in the days when buffets were $10, it was somewhat worthy of going just to gaze around and take a few bites. Now with costs($30) well past the price of a decent entree, buffets are hardly worthwhile unless you like mounds of mediocre food. This place definitely has the selection but like all buffets, the food is dry and old. It's not really their fault as that's the inherent nature of a buffet since the food sits there for anywhere between 30-60minutes. The only reason this place got two stars from me was the huge dessert selection.
3	A attendant in charge of the drinking service close to the entrance is the only good memory today. He works so hard and friendly. He really cares about the customers.In terms of food, I'm really disappointed. No big surprise here. Everything is plain and average.The ridiculous thing is their name is "wicked spoon" but I didn't find the spoon after I ask for it for three times.Not really recommended.
1	I have no idea how this place has 4 stars.   Afterwards, we were practically offended that it cost us over $100 to eat here. The only plus this place has is that the customer service was great.The selection is decent, but for that amount of money, we expected more.  They serve small servings so you can try a lot of different things.  The carving station has sausages, prime rib, and regular ribs.  My husband said the sausage and prime rib were very dry.  The ribs were so tough that even using his teeth, he couldn't pull off the meat.  Paella - bland and dryLamb Curry -  The taste was off.  Almost like it had gone bad.Fried chicken - Average taste, but drySushi - didn't taste fresh, was dryShepherds Pie - no seasoning at all. It was bland mush in your mouth.You get the idea. Dish after dish, we could only take one bite.  We were so disgusted we decided to not try any more and just try out the dessert bar.  Other than the gelato, it was no better than you would get in any Chinese buffet.  We were so very, very disappointed.
3	For the amount of time I waited and the money spent, not really impressed. People were saying that the quality went down, and now I believe it. I'm not saying that it wasn't good, but it wasn't greater either.
2	I'm not sure if it was an off night or that it was Sunday but I was very disappointed by this Buffet. Waited in a very short line to pay only to wait in another line for about 20 min. After being seated I was ready to eat. The selection seemed decent and the prime rib was good. However other traditional buffet food was missing like turkey or ham at the carving station.  The Asian selection was mediocre with the best dish the pork fried rice. I looked around for other food to try only to be further let down with the lack of any appetizing selections. Out of the dishes I tried most seemed to be sitting out to long or lacked good flavor. The service was decent with frequent drink refills and clearing of plates. Maybe I should have gone to the Bellagio or Caesars buffet as I left feeling unsatisfied. I will not return.
4	I came here around 12-1ish pm and luckily we didn't have to wait that long and got there before the rush.  I think I had too high of an expectation for this place that when I actually got there, I was a tad disappointed.  From the pictures I saw before coming here, I thought the food section was larger.  I was over-hyped about this place, as you can see. But nonetheless, I loved it.  Awesome variety of food.  Some things there were definitely a hit-or-miss, especially the Asian food section. The fried rice and dukboki tasted like... nothing.  The bone marrow.. tasted like nothing; no hint of seasoning, nothing.  I think the carving station was pretty good and the whole range of veggies and salads were delectable.  I know, I know. Who goes to a buffet to eat vegetables?  But I gotta try everything. And I came with a group of 8; we didn't know about the gratuity fee for large groups. Wow.  Gosh darn it. You can definitely try out every single thing here if you eat strategically with the people you come with.  Make it your money's worth.
3	All this hype I heard about wicked spoon. Let me tell you, does not live up to the hype.  Prime rib felt like rubber.  Crab legs were cold.  Their version of ramen tasted undercooked and had the texture of playdoe.  I honestly think their sausage and dessert was the best thing there.  Would I go back? Probably not.
1	I wanted to love this place but we had a horrible experience last night. At first, I was impressed with the selection of food and the presentation. I took several pictures excited to share them with my social networks...But then things got ugly!We were a ladies group of 10 instead of 13, we thought they were kind enough to reserve the table of 13 for us because we were celebrating a bride-to-be, but really it wasn't out of kindness, it was a CONTRACT. This was thrown in our face several times by the server and the manager at the end of our meal demanding payment for the 3 extra heads. We tried to explain what happened with the extra people but they weren't hearing it, why? Because we signed a CONTRACT!Regardless of what we signed, we are not professional event planners and the CONTRACT wasn't explained to us properly to begin with. As we tried to straighten this out and explain things and ask for some understanding and flexibility, the manager became increasingly irritated and threatened to charge us several hundred dollars for being at the table for more than 2 hours..why? Because we signed a CONTRACT! And CONTRACT groups only get 2 hours at a table. So I asked him, "If we just waited in line, instead of reserved this table, would we be charged for 10 heads instead of 13 heads and be able to sit here as long as we wanted?" He said yes, but YOU have a CONTRACT!" So our beautiful bride-to-be who flew all the way from Italy for this special week said "Wow, you kind of have a bad attitude" then he got all worked up and threatened us and called security. And we were "escorted out". Even the security guards, while still doing their job, thought this was silly. Seriously, a bunch of 30-40 year old professional women including television producers, military women who serve this country, and hard working mothers, are THAT threatening. It was ridiculous, embarrassing, and unnecessary...But apparently, we signed a CONTRACT! I have dined at many many many fine restaurants in Las Vegas, with many groups of women, where I gladly paid $75, $100, even $150 for a nice dinner. The bride CHOSE to try the Wicked Spoon buffet so we went there instead of a normal restaurant, and she ends up getting booted?!?!?!?I have never ever dealt with such an unprofessional and inflexible establishment. The whole fiasco was utterly ridiculous.
4	Some standouts include:Custom Mac n Cheese- I know who get's mac n cheese at a buffet at a Vegas buffet but trust me it's a must tryCalamari on a stick- Was suprisingly good!Miso Soup- Not particularly creative but was cool to seeTres Leches Cheesecake- Delicous Comparision vs Bacchanal:Pros: Cheaper About the Same: Quality  of food Negatives: Not as many choices of food                      Service was significantly better at Bacchanal although it was solid here                      too
5	By far my favorite restaurant within Las Vegas.Here is what happened: my crew and I had been anticipating Wicked Spoon for three months. You see, those YouTube videos posted of Wicked Spoon made it nearly unbearable for me to not be able to stuff my face in a bowl of macaroni & cheese laced with bacon, shrimp, green peppers, and other tasty items. As the time winded to make the trip to Vegas, everyone in the crew had the same plan: get off the plane, drop everything off at the hotel, head STRAIGHT down to Cosmopolitan and indulge into the greatness known as Wicked Spoon.I remember it like it was yesterday. It was a hot Thursday night: we got off the plane, dropped everything off at the hotel, and headed STRAIGHT down to Cosmopolitan. We landed right at the entrance of Wicked Spoon. Let's get to the point of this review shall we? Wicked Spoon is the shit, not much more needs to be said. From the aforementioned mac and cheese bar, to the bone marrow (which I had for the first time), to the prime rib section, to the desert section, everything was phenomenal. I think I hit that mac and cheese bar like three damn times. I could have made a flick the way I was punishing that mac and cheese on that hot Thursday evening. To all my friends reading this review: if you go to Vegas, you better go to Wicked Spoon. Its not even an option, its a must. Then after that, scratch whatever restaurant plan you had the next day and come right back to Wicked Spoon for an encore.
3	After reading and seeing all the food porn I was convinced Wicked Spoon was the buffet for us. I was really intrigued by the novelty of their tapas like style of serving but it quickly waned when I realized the food wasn't able to live up to the hype.I was most excited and equally disappointed by the craving station (prime rib, leg of lamb, and bone marrow). All three lacked seasoning and felt very pedestrian. I was expecting these dishes to take it to the next level and showcase how it should be done. Stand outs where truly unexpected such as cauliflower mash, salad bar area, and most impressive the dessert bar!!!Desserts are never my go to thing but for Wicked Spoon I would change that tune in a heart beat. A great amount of details go into each dessert and rich in flavor with just the right amount of sweetness. Overall ThoughtsWhile my dinner experience at Wicked Spoon is contrary to popular opinion, I ideally would like to go back for a second try perhaps for lunch or breakfast
1	Unfortunately the food did not meet expectations. I was excited about the individual dishes but the quality was poor overall. Dishes were not seasoned well and tasteless. The bone marrow bones were dried out. The breakfast buffet was odd. Got there at 8:30am and there were more dinner items then actual breakfast items. Could not help but wonder if it was simply leftovers from the night before. I love a good buffet but this was not.
5	This is so good very pricey though they have a lot good bone marrow, shrimp ceviche, mashed potatoes creamy, good quality cakes, if your a adventurous eater I'd recommend this. Risotto done right, lamb, prime rib, Along with very good desserts except the macaroons This one review is a little late but here it is getting a new review next time ago
5	I went to the buffet tonight around 8sh pm with one of my old friend and he is handicap and one of the chefs a tall guy   was walking in the buffet and he saw my friend and he offered his help caring my friend's plate all round the buffet. Friendly staff we do appreciate it, and most of all best buffet in the strip. I would love to come at wicked spoon over n over again....
3	I liked the food. The food was great. It's different to other buffets because the portions are already plated for you in perfect morsels so you can eat a little bit of everything. We had lunch here during the weekday for $27 per person. That's a reasonable priced buffet for Vegas.They had a seafood area (I don't like seafood so I can't comment on it), they had a carving station area and the beefs and chicken were great and well-flavored, then they had a "comfort foods" area with fried chicken and macaroni and cheese (this was really good), an Italian food area, Asian food area, and an entire area for desserts.The only reason I give tis a 3 and not a well-deserved 4 is because of the service. We were almost through our first plate of food and we had to stare down a waiter to bring us something to drink. When we got up for more food, they didn't come and take our dirty plates. We had to start stacking the bunch of little tiny plates from the pre-plated foods we had eaten. Vegas is all about the service, but for some reason, this place missed the mark on this. Other than that, the food is great and worth eating. Just make sure you're not too thirsty like I was.
5	Hands down this is the BEST buffet I have ever been to! I have referred a few friends and family here and I've never heard anything negative! This is in the Cosmopolitan hotel and this is where my husband and I stayed. We stumbled upon it and it was the largest buffet I have ever seen! They had everything from red velvet pancakes to prime rib to mimosas to the most unbelievable desert buffet I have ever seen! I could have stayed there all day! So if you are in Vegas stop in here! It will be on my list each trip back we make!
1	Food was good. Desserts are amazing.But bad bad bad customer service. I will never go back.
5	price 27 usd for lunch per person. My 3 year old was free.service: buffet standardambiance: dont know why some people think this place looks cool.  Has the cruise ship dining room feel.  Will e outdated in next few yearsfood. great.  Comparing this to otehr buffets I think this place is great.  I tried alot so let  me come up with a listpizza goodsalad in general goodmac cheese badfried chicken wing gooditalian dishes in general badgelato goodchinese take out box things badpork belly good but bad for my arteriesMy new favorite vegas buffet. I think its worth the money
4	I have been there for just about every service they offer - I like the lunch the best. LOVE the pre-portioned offerings. I really enjoyed the desert section every time! Most of the time service is great, but every once in a while the service isn't as good as normal.Overall this is one of my two favorite buffets in Vegas!
2	I have to say this place had wonderful presentation, but the food was not as wonderful. Actually far from it. They had plenty of things to choose from but all of it was very dried out from sitting under heat lamps, among other things. I got probably 3 full plates of food and only liked one item, the lamb curry and it was okay. For how much I spent I was definitely disappointed... will not return.
4	I ate at the Wicked Spoon the day after eating at a buffet that cost about $25. As they say, you get what you pay for. I'd much rather pay $40 for the quality of food served at WS.I visited the Wicked Spoon on a Thursday about 5. It was perfect timing. My group beat the crowd by about 30-45 min. The set-up was clean. There were plenty of options- not as many options as a cheaper buffet- but quality over quantity.I like meat, so I was practically stuck at the meat station. Prime rib was decent, but the pork loin and top sirloin were great. The crab legs were on the thin side, but on the upside you can ask the server to steam them for you.I rarely eat dessert at buffets, but was attracted to the apple cobbler, served warm in an individual pan. I made my own a la mode with the ice cream.Again, for the quality the price was reasonable. At this point in time, WS tops my list in the buffet department.
2	We had a group of 5 excited to dine at a buffet on the Las Vegas strip. Unfortunately, we picked the wrong place. The food was subpar and luke warm. Not one item made any of us go back for seconds. It was disappointing to say the least. I would never recommend this spot. What a flop.
1	Geez....what a disappointment.  Get rid of your cute presentation and concentrate on food quality.  Wish I had asked for a refund after finding a little bug in my salad.  I was someone's guest and did t want them to feel bad
4	The food quality is good, but I did not see it to be what everyone was raving about. I try not to compare restaurants, but since this is vegas with so many choices, I'd have to say that the bellagio buffet was a lot better due to flavor, quality, choices, and overall variety of foods to choose from. I did try almost everything that was offered, but just did not compare. If I'm ever back in vegas, I will probably not be going back.
2	Summary: Attended Wick Spoon for a wedding so really I don't know how much it is per head and I don't intend to find out. The setting was dark which I don't understand why, do they not want us to see what we're eating? But after sampling majority of their food I assume the darkness is so other guest doesn't see me split out the food.Food: Their weekend dinner selection was below average. Nothing stand out or mind blowing. The only thing I can actually compliment on was their salmon which wasn't bland and their shrimp cocktail. The sauce was different. It was sweet and sour at the same time and the taste wasn't too strong on the palate. I would avoid the desert section, flavorless and full of sugar. Service: The staff was very friendly though. I don't know was it because we book a private room so we have personal server but they were very attentive and always on time to refill our beer and wine. The staff was very professional throughout our stay which I understand can be tough at times especially you know, asian and their endless alcohols. Overall: Of all the buffet I experience in Vegas, I think I'll stick with Bellagio for the time being until someone recommend we try a new place. But definitely Wick Spoon is off the table permanently.
5	Very good surpriseWith this buffetVery various and nice foodEven for the breakfast every food including the deserts are presentI hardly recommend Can easily be compared to the wynn buffet
4	Ate here this weekend for dinner.  The food was pretty good and liked the individual portion sizes.  The desserts were good especially the gelato but the best thing I think was this watermelon treat in the fruit section that had lime and a bit of spicy sauce over it and the pork belly was pretty good too.   A good place to try a bunch of different stuff.  Not as much option for the size of the buffet area alot, of wasted space.  But still a very good place to hit up but still not my top buffet on the strip
3	Maybe I expected too much since it's the number 1 rated buffet in Vegas right now, but I was let down. All of the food I tried was good, and they had some unique offerings for sure (roasted bone marrow), but there just weren't that many options. How can a buffet not have a salad bar? And why isn't there fruit on the dessert station? Overall, my favorite part was the $12 endless wine and the company of my friends. I doubt I'll visit this one again.
5	The best buffet ever.Let's see, when you hear of buffets in Vegas Wicked Spoon is a name you'll hear often. I definitely think Wicked Spoon takes the cake for the best buffet in Vegas as well as the best buffet I've had in my life.Maybe it doesn't have all-you-can-eat crab legs but one thing it does have is creativity and  uniqueness in every plate. There are definitely some interesting things here at Wicked Spoon. I'm a foody, I'm overweight, I write on Yelp, I order extra appetizers just to try them, I tryunique food from other regions. Despite all this Wicked Spoon still managed to impress me with uniqueness and creativity in all their dishes. Wicked Spoon has a wide array of different flavors, goes the extra mile, and then some. If you're going to Las Vegas you must try Wicked Spoon!
5	All sorts of food and everything was well prepared. Enjoyed my time here with family and friends and the service was to the tee. You definitely get what you pay for here. From the tacos, to the salads, salmon, loaded mashed potatoes, the ice cream! I cannot wait to be back.
3	I will preference by saying that I am glad I came and tried it, however it wasn't as good as I was expecting.  I came around 8:00 and they close at 9:00, so I feel as though that may have something to do with it.  Most of the small pre-plated items I tried, while still warm, had clearly been out for quite some time. They just didn't taste fresh.  The bread selection was bleak and stale.  There were only a few meat options at the carving station and honestly they weren't that great.  A lot of the desserts were gone and there wasn't a huge selection, what I did try was good, however.  Overall, there were a lot less options than I would have expected.  HOWEVER, I will say the crab legs were great...hard to go wrong with those though.  And the Mac & Cheese station was to die for!  It was so good. Loved all the options you could get in the Mac & Cheese.  That alone basically made it worthwhile!  It was $38 for dinner, which is less than I was expecting, so that was a nice surprise.  Or you could do $50 for all you can drink wine.  If I was looking to drink, that would have been a huge bonus.  I would try it again, but I would definitely come earlier when I knew they'd be adding fresher options more often.
5	Loved Loved Loved Wicked Spoon! Beautiful decor, comfortable seating and super helpful staff! Hong was our server and he was super attentive charming and on point. I loved all the stations with the preportioned food. to some people it may be a turn off but for people with severe food allergies, like myself or germaphobia like my mother this was heaven sent.  I felt confident and sure that all the food and dishes were clean. It also made it easier for me to get a bite at nearly every station. The French toast w/ honey butter or chant illy creme and Pancakes w/  coconut icing are to die for! The breakfast panini was delicious and not to greasy or dried out. The fried chicken nugget/wings wi/ Granch dressing was Delicioussss. Teriyaki chicken was bomb and the Saffron Risotto was soooo good! (just add chicken to it to make it feel more complete.) The bacon/ pork belt Slab was so flavorful and savory and I loved the the lil Chinese rice takeout boxes cute unique touch. I would've loooved the Mac n cheese if it wasn't so spicy. It was rich creamy cheesy but then an unexpected kick came and it was too much for me (*tear*). champagne/Mimosas were delicious and strong! we stumbled across the blueberry pineapple banana juice at the breakfast station (mix that w/ glass of champagne you won't regret it) and the Dessert bar! omg it was soooooo good I made three trips to it but stopped going because I felt Embarassed so I sent my bf to grab me more and more lmao.  the gelatos are so good and by far my fav dessert was the Coffee Torte! I atelike 5 of them. The mini cheesecakes were so creamy good and Reese's dipped strawberries were bombb too! ahh I'm getting fat and hungry just thinking of wicked spoon! we're coming back for you next time we're in vegas.
3	I had high hopes.Too high.  Service was good, though the way they ask for tip up front is odd.But it's a buffet.  I do most of the serving myself.  I'm here for the food.The Cosmopolitan being as posh and edgy as it is I really thought I would get the same from the buffet.  Really well done high quality food with some slightly bizarre surprises mixed in.Everything was ok.  Not horrible (except for the bone marrow, come on guys!)  but nothing was great.  Nothing.  it was all completely underwhelming. I mean, your name is wicked spoon, you really need to up your game.
4	Tapas style buffet. Wide variety of food ranging all cuisines for $36 a person. Excellent meat selections, salads and gelato ice creams
2	Such a disappointment. I really don't understand what the fuss is all about. I probably ate there on a bad night...but $50 was really not worth it. The only 3 things I was happy with were, the papaya salad, the teriyaki chicken, and the banana macaroon. I could eat that anywhere and still be satisfied for much cheaper.
5	I'm a foodieLove foodThis was fun and yummyWished I had an empty vat as a stomach so I could have tried everything!When I went on yelp b4 hand I wanted to know what was offered so I'm going to do everyone a solid and give you the scoop. This is what they serve at breakfast...Pancakes & french toast - perhaps my favorite french toast of all time. I despise the dry bread dipped in egg most places like to call french toast- this is decadent and delightful- offered with honey butter, whipped cream, syrup and powdered sugar. I even got creative on my next round and poured the special pineapple banana berry juice as syrup! YumEggs Benedict- one with braised beef and the other with smoked salmon. Imagine my surprise when the English muffin was actually toasty and not a soft piece of mush! Score, again! Standard omelette bar.Carving station- roast beef, ham, sausage, and bacon!!! A slab of bacon. Only needed a taste since it was pretty epic, again, fun little touch.Speaking of fun touches, everyone mentions the individual sized pots with macaroni and cheese, gnocchi, risotto with saffron, creamed corn & polenta. I loved the polenta with mushrooms! There's pizza, too.There's a salad bar station, yes with both Caesar salad and blue cheese wedge! Individual servings, so great!There's smoked salmon and bagels, cured meats, beets with truffle oil, fruits, etc.There's an entire Asian station with 5 spice pork, teriyaki chicken.Sushi, noodles, fried rice, shrimp, The desserts were all super special. Each looked like a special piece of art. The mango cake was amazing, the chocolate covered strawberries were the best I've ever had, the gelato was creamy I tried 4 scoops in one tiny bowl. And I thought the presentation of the lava cake and cobblers were special too. Get a scoop of vanilla to go with those :)For $27 you also get juice, tea and coffee.$39 includes bottomless mimosa, champagne or Bloody Mary.
4	The amount of food is about 40% less than the ceasars palace buffet, but the food they have is just as good if not Better. This place is located on floor two of the cosmopolitan hotel next to the bellegio. The dessert is 5 stars by itself .
4	Delicious meats at the carving station, especially the prime rib and lamb.  The seafood was also nice and fresh.  The lamb Panini was also delicious.  Yummy macaroons, gelato and lemon tart. The Caesar salad was a bit over dressed where it was a bit soggy.  The roasted pork belly was disappointing - tough and the skin wasn't crisp.  I wish I had room to try the other things but that was all I was able to cover.  Well worth the price just for the carving station, seafood and dessert!  The great thing is that they also have a $20 takeout option.  The container looked like it was a good size so, although you won't be able to fill with a ton of options, definitely worth it for $20
1	Food was okay, could have been better for the money, my family ate for about $250.00.  Ohh and I put my plate down in the wrong place and this Mexican psycho behind the counter started chastising me, listen Mexican for $250.00 I will put my damn plate anywhere I want!
2	The hostess who does the seating was really rude.  She wanted to seat us in the front table and I asked to be seated at a different table and she exhibited a few poor non verbal  expressions.  She rolled her eyes and made a snide face and  told us there were no other tables available so we waited and watched as she seated give other groups before she seated us.  The entire time we waited she didn't seat any one at the  front table that she wanted to seat us.   She was rude, and she did a poor job representing the hotel.   The food was amazing, however there are several $40 buffets in the Las Vegas area and you don't have to put up with crappy customer service.  So when you spend $86.00 on a buffet for two, don't expect a smile, because your not getting one!  We will try the five or six of the other $40 buffets before we go back to the Wicked Spoon.
5	We came here for lunch, and everything was perfect. Desserts were very good. Different variety of food was just overwhelming! I had 5 rounds all in all including sweets. Nice ambiance. I considered the price cheap for what u get. Definitely will come back here when I visit LV next time!
3	Date & Time:  Thursday July 19, 2014 @ 7pmLocation:  The CosmopolitanDining Companions:  Sis-in-law, Bro-in-law, Niece & Nephews + The HusbandScene:  Overweight FamiliesService:  Very EfficientDecor:  Buffet w/ Mac n' Cheese BarDevour:  Bone Marrow, Shrimp Cocktail, Mini Dessert ConesSkip:  Most of The Food was Much Too Dry.  Skip Buffet Dinner & Come for BrunchTotal:  $250
5	Cannot recommend this place enough. The brunch buffet and bottomless mimosas are the best way to start your day in Vegas. Julia was our waitress the first day and she treated us so well we requested her again the second day. The chocolate covered strawberries are a must but they don't come out until 11am. There is a 2 hr limit from when you order your first mimosa until they will stop refilling you. So go at 9:30 or later to make sure you can enjoy your champagne and eat chocolate covered strawberries :)
2	Let me start by saying how excited I was all week to come here ... But how dissatisfied I was when I finally tried the food.. whatever you saw on tv or in photos is a let down to the real thing .. it truly saddens me to have to say this but I wouldn't give it another try .. plz don't take my word go ahead and try for yourself but remember I warned you ..the food is bland and conveniently pre plated yes but presentation over quality is distasteful ... Some of the things I've seen on tv that I went eager to try aren't there anymore and don't even talk about fried chicken when you get it this bad.. the skin was on it still and if you know cuisine you must take that off when cooking it in this manor.. I mean who was cooking the food the bench chefs.. c'mon it was Sunday still a popular day in Vegas during July .. I'm sorry Cosmo this food is as bad as your parking garage ..
5	Although Las Vegas has the best buffets I've ever tried, I normally associate buffets with cheap, all-you-can-eat, stuff-your-face food. Not this place. Wicked Spoon took my expectations and blew them out of the water. The food and variety was amazing. While they had all the regular things people normally see at buffets (pizza, chicken, etc), they also had many exotic flavors which I really enjoyed and am positive that you will too. I will be visiting them again.
1	Tooooo disappointed..... I was want to give three Starnes it was not that bad but there are many five star and I really want ppl know what's going on now...When they grand opening, was $23/person. It was so good!!! Nice steak, salmon, crap, also outstanding desert ..... Around two years after, I went it again, as it was my #1 choice. $35 (around) per person. No more salmon available but smoked salmon.... It still ok, as it has great desert..... Ok.... I went there last Saturday for $44 with tax per person with my friend, who never been to Vegas . He asked me why u love this buffet ad it's below average..... I would rather find a hold.... There only a smoked salmon Pizza... Poor quality steak and desert was not like before... There is no point I should go back there! Very disappointed me! It's not only I pay over 40 for a dinner, it was like destroy my dream.... I will never go to any buffet at Vegas... The $20 buffet at Rowland heights is better than this! I have question for the management, why you do this? Because you have pretty good rate at yelp? You are destroying yourself!
4	We loved Wicked Spoon's amazing buffet from their variety of culinary dishes to their appetizers and small plates. I like the tapas style food, so you can taste a little bit of everything without the huge portions and not waste any food. We were in food heaven. Some of our faves were the prime rib, fried chicken, pork butt, ceviche, poke, kale quinoa salad and of course their assortment of yummy desserts - chocolate covered strawberries dipped in oreo or candy bar crumbs, warm chocolate lava cake, different flavors of gelato and more. Wicked Spoon is definitely our favorite buffet in Las Vegas.
4	Pros: Aesthetically pleasing food, nice salad island, great serversCons: Food is variable in terms of taste and consistency, desserts were not very goodMy family and I came to the Wicked Spoon very excited and with high expectations. I remember seeing the Wicked Spoon on the travel channel's buffet paradise and of course I was very excited to finally being able to try it. We came on a Tuesday night around 6:30 pm and were lucky to not encounter a very long line. The wait was about 30 minutes total before we could start tasting the amazing looking dishes. Once set free, I immediately set off to try the salad bar. I was blown away by all the items available and surprisingly, everything was delicious! I loved all of the salads they had. They were all delicious. I moved onto the entrees afterwards and there were many different things to choose from. I was particularly drawn to the cute little serving skillets for many dishes and also the little frying basket for the chicken and waffles. You would probably be better off sampling around before diving in. I took a couple of photos of my plates and the majority of the items were very good, except for the dry chicken of the chicken and waffles and the not so great desserts. After I devoured plates and plates of food, the dessert frontier was the only thing left to explore. It is a small island off on the right corner of the room and I would say that only the gelato was worth going back for. Every other dessert, except the strawberries and gelato, can be passed. I can't say that I did not enjoy my time in the Wicked Spoon because it was a very nice buffet with a nice atmosphere. Though the lighting at the tables were a little dim, the bathroom is very nice and clean, and the food islands are always full of food for you to grab. Dinner for $38 sounds a lot, but in comparison to the Bacchanal, I would prefer to come back to the Wicked Spoon over Bacchanal.
4	The theme of this place is cute. I feel like it's best for those that wants a taste of everything but does not want to finish a whole serving. Everything is served on a tiny displayed dish. Very cute. The variety is just enough. Skip the Asian food area and desserts. I literally took one bite and couldn't continue for both those areas. I stuck with the seafood options. It's located all the way in the back of Cosmo. We thought the place would be packed so we went early. By the time we finished (around 7?) it was still fairly empty. So I guess it's a hit or miss.
1	Interior was designed quite upscale. Not matching the quality of food. Worst food in Vegas. Dry, simple, over cooked, like the old days in Reno. Sushi bar has shut down and they just put some over cooked items spread over the empties stations. No wait staffs to pick up used plates. Employees all looked unhappy. Must be low paid. The server at the prime ribs station was so low class, he checks out all the girls before serving the portions. How can such a nice hotel restaurant image have such low class service. Management are not doing their job. All the good photos from yelp site were earlier grand opening days. We had 8 people at over $50 / person totaling of $400. We can get much better food from any other restaurant or buffets. Don't fall for it or you will truly regret.
2	I had breakfast, and didn't eat much. Enough said. I thought this was a high end casino, but it falls short big time in this joint!
2	I came here on New Years Day this year with some girlfriends after a long night of going out. This, we learned, was a bad idea. We were stoked and heard great things about Wicked Spoon being a must-go-to spot in Vegas. For a holiday, the wait wasn't bad at all (maybe 10 minutes)! Our waiter was super enthusiastic and great. The restaurant is very nicely decorated inside; has that upscale Vegas, bright lights thing going on. Food was just okay in my opinion. I tried pretty much everything from all the sections they had. I would say everything is presented very nicely, but the taste was just average. But I was not quick to judge because the dessert area looked awesome. Then, I was slightly disappointed when I tried a couple of the pastries and gelato. Pretty plane and like any other chocolate mousse and pistachio gelato you could find. I guess I had high expectations because I paid a good chunk of money for this buffet. I will give it another chance next time I am in Vegas though, because our group was super tired from the night before. We basically all fell asleep at the table after we ate. I can't tell if it was food coma-ing or just being super dead from the night before.Overall: Wicked Spoon, you disappointed me, especially on a holiday. I expected more. Also, the prices are hiked up during holidays...no fun. Maybe I'll get the unlimited mimosas next time for the additional money and make it a boozy brunch. Technically if you pay $40 for brunch and have about 8-9 mimosas, they're only $4-$5 each, in addition to the food! THAT would make my meal worth it. :)
5	We did the lunch buffet and it was great! Spent maybe 3 hours there. Ate nice and slow. They had a great spread ranging most food categorizes. Dessert area almost every thing you can think of. We also got the bottomless Mimosas for an extra $12. This was great deal and we defiantly put it to use!
3	came here during 4th of july weekend and had an early dinner before the crowd. we were actually planning on going to bacchanal, but when we called, they said the wait was at least 2 hours...and this was at 3:30pm...so since we already had bacchanal previously, we wanted to try wicked spoon because this one we have not been to. the food here is good, very neat, clean, individualized portions. however, the selection is not that great, they lack the las vegas seafood smorgasboard that most other buffets provide. the shrimp cocktail, while the shrimpp are very large and plump, are rationed into 2 piece portions with cocktail sauce atop in a shot glass...i think i expected a bit too much, or maybe my memory of the awesome buffet at bacchanal raised my standards for a vegas buffet, and wicked spoon just wasnt sufficient enough.
1	Absolute garbage. This is a glorifide Hometown buffet at 5 times the cost. Everything is cold and nothing is fresh. trashy looking tacos, ice cold fried chicken, empty burned out soup pots, cheap crap pastry, cold cold prime rib, cheap crap salads. What a bunch of idiots must be running this chithole. you charge 40 bucks for a buffet and have only one soup option? Also, your one soup pot was dried out and empty while your idiot workers were chatting or just walking around. this place is so crappy there are no words to describe it.
1	This is one of the worst places I have ever eaten. I am baffled by the fact that it has the same number of stars as bacchanal in ceasers. From the time we got in line to pay until the end, this has been a complete disaster. Food that I am watching the cooks set out tastes a week old. The crab tastes the least fresh of any other buffet in Vegas. The variety sucks. You have to hunt for a plate, because they apparently don't have enough. We were more than half way through our meal when somebody finally came to take our drink order, so luckily there was some crappy, warm water in bottles sitting on the tables already. But hey, if you're into desserts that look pretty and don't taste good, and terrible service than this is the place for you.
4	Great food !I like it better than Bellagio and Wynn, while the food quality and selection can't beat the Bacchanal, but the price is much cheaper with much less wait in the line, defintely worth a try !
1	Wicked Spoon does not compare to Paris, Bellagio, Wynn, or Studio B buffets.  Even the buffet at Riveria hotel is better. $40 per person you get a terrible selection, salty food, and no champagne. Now I know why there was no line.
4	Enjoyed most of the food.  A few things were not for me but someone else might like o. Four stars because it was $30 for breakfast .
4	This buffet definitely deserves the accolades it's been getting over the years.In all my visits here the past few years, I've noticed that the quality has been maintained, which is good.  What's good about this place is that they offer a terrific variety of dishes and don't just rely on the old standards like crab legs and prime rib to keep customers happy.Some notable dishes - the tuna poke appetizer was great and the meat section (prime rib, sausages, pork etc.) was impressive.  I wasn't as thrilled about the Asian section as the food there didn't taste as good as the other selections.I am a huge fan of the dessert section here and would argue that it was the best among all the buffets I visited on this particular trip (compared to the Caesars and Wynn buffets).  The Thai iced tea ice cream was pretty awesome, and the white chocolate mousse was excellent as well.  I ended up enjoying dessert more than any part of my meal which is unusual for me in a buffet.If you only have time to hit up one buffet, this isn't a bad choice.  The ambiance here is also more like a restaurant than a buffet, which is nice.
3	Wicked Spoon, praised by the WSJ as perhaps one of the best restaurants in the United States, glorified by the food connoisseur. For a $38 dinner on a weeknight, and to celebrate AP scores along with the end of a family vacation at Zion and Bryce national parks, my family trekked out to the Cosmopolitan ultimately for one purpose: to eat at Gerald Chin's pricey yet exquisite buffet. To start off, the wait isn't bad on a weekday, at least when I went. We got there at around 4:30 (it opens at 5), and there was absolutely nobody in line. We strolled around the Cosmopolitan and came back at around 4:45, we were first in line, and about thirty seconds after we started waiting, a pretty sizable line started forming -- a line that was, however, nothing compared to the capacity that the buffet could have held. Long story short and to be concise -- if you do enter and there seems to be like a big line, don't worry, the restaurant can hold a lot of people, and you'll get your spot. Keep in mind as a disclaimer that this was on a Monday night, so this probably doesn't apply to the weekends. We were seated and our server immediately provided us drinks. As a tip, make sure that when you start to get your food to start from the left -- it goes from appetizer, to seafood, to meat, to speciality dishes, to pizza, to Asian, and finally, to dessert. Some recommendations: Appetizer -- Waldorf salad with green apples was delicious. Great way to clean up your palate before you start eating and very refreshing. Eating at a buffet is very filling, so I would recommend to get one of these after every plate to clean up your palate and just eat something very refreshing. Also tried the Poke Salad which was pretty good (especially enjoyed the crispy rice balls), along with the lime-sriracha watermelon which was interesting but nothing to write home about. Main courses -- I'm normally hesitant to try out anything Asian at a buffet, but I decided to go for it because Gerald Chin is, after all, Chinese. To be concise, pass on it. The beef with broccoli was extremely salty, the pork fried rice was just like normal fried rice, the teriyaki was good, and yakisoba was ok, and overall, the asian section was just okay. Pass on it. Best thing to get here is no question the fried chicken. I don't know if it's the unique curry in the batter but overall the chicken was not soggy and was wonderfully, delightfully, divinely crispy. Get it. Pass on the risotto, but definitely go for the wonderful crab legs. Dessert -- Gelato bar was awesome, but the gelato wasn't quite frozen enough to the right gelato consistency. Go for the white chocolate mocha gelato, which is absolutely divine, and the Thai Tea, with an interesting yet refreshing flavor. Strawberries good, and the cone with apricot cream was phenomenal. Pass on the lava cake. I really want to give Wicked Spoon a 4, because of the experience -- but at the end of the day the food was really just A-OK. I would say despite the price, hop on down for the experience, because it's unquestionably worth it for just that. Food: 23 | Service: 26 | Decor: 27
1	Nope nope nope!Ate at 6pm, waited in line to pay, waited in line to get seated then waited in line to serve myself. No thank you!A bunch of mediocre food at $41 a pop.They must use preservatives because I got sick after eating there (because I'm allergic to fake preservatives).Overall a huge waste of time & money'
1	We chose to eat here based on Yelp comments.  I don't know what happened, but we give The Wicked Spoon two thumbs down.  Their website advertises the lunch buffet until 3PM.  We arrived at 1:45PM.  We were informed that the buffet would close at 2PM and given the option of dining or not.  We elected to dine even with the time limit caveat.   Well, knowing we were on a strict time constraint, the cashier (Maria) didn't hesitate to collect our payment, but failed to seat us immediately.  When questioned about being seated, she informed us that we needed to wait for a hostess.  Well Maria  would not call a hostess over to seat us.  She opted to let 5 paying customers wait rather than seeing that we were seated!  Totally unforgiveable and negligent on her part.  Instead of seeing that a hostess was called over to the cashier station to seat us, she opted to chit chat with another employee and complain about us loud enough that we could hear her.  Maria needs to be trained on proper employee etiquette.A gentleman in the group behind us, finally called a server over, who immediately sat us.  Because you see, a hostess never showed up to seat us!When were finally able to partake of the buffett, we were disappointed.  The poor service we received at the Cashier Station would have been dismissed if the food selection on the buffet was tasty. There's a variety of food to select from, but I've had way better tasting food elsewhere.  The wait staff was very accommodating, professional and pleasant.  But, even with the wait staff, we were told the buffet line was going to close at 2:15.  Another staffer came to our table and said the line was closing at 2:30.  The didn't need to worry about keeping the line open, the food wasn't worth eating.  I'd say pass on The Wicked Spoon and go somewhere else.  This place is all hype and doesn't deliver.
4	As lunch can be rather... leisurely in Las Vegas, we showed up at 1:45, which gave us just enough time to gorge before they closed at 2:30pm. It's tucked in the back of the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. I'll be honest, I'm not well-versed in the Vegas buffet scene, but I had heard good things about Wicked Spoon, and I wasn't quite willing to shell out the premium to go try Bacchanal. At $30 (including tax) for the lunch buffet (no booze), I thought it was a good deal. All the individual pots of pasta were tasty, and very rich and cheesy. The "Chinese" five-spiced pork belly was tasty, as was the little takeout container of pork belly fried rice. (I love rice!) There were definitely some decadent touches, including a massive pile of bone marrow bones, with a dish of fleur du sel right next to it. There wasn't anything I had that was below par, which I always consider a success in a buffet. What was the star? For me, it was the lobster mashed potatoes, made with lobster roe. There was just something so decadent and rich, I really couldn't get enough. Desserts were good, including chocolate-covered strawberries and gelato. The rhum al baba was delicious (it's surprising how many places make the pastry so heavy!) and there were plenty of gluten-free and sugar-free options, if that's your thing (I eat all the things).
5	I love love love this place! I came here with a bunch of friends while visiting Las Vegas and assumed it would be like any other casino buffet, I was wrong. The food was amazing, nothing was dry or undercooked. The  individualized portions were great. As someone who has frequented many casinos in the Atlantic City area, I did not have high hopes, but now this place has set the bar so high! The Mac and cheese was amazing and came in it's own little pot. They serve alcohol by the bottle, which is new to me, so that was a plus for my group. I tried the bone marrow, also delicious. The staff was quick and polite, definitely go for dinner. You won't be disappointed by this place! Just be wary that there will be a line, but that's because the secrets out, they're amazing!
4	great food. not too much selections tho.. but overall good experience
2	We walked up at 7:30pm... there is no line.  Really?  This must be our lucky day.  I didn't have to wait an hour and a half for a Vegas buffet?  Well, I found out why there was no line.  The food is crappy, that's why.Crab legs are skinny, frozen, and full of freeze burn.  Other food was just nothing to mesmerized over.  Did I see cup cake on the dessert bar?  Cheap!  What save the night of disappointment dining option was a Scottish (may be Irish) chef who stood there and slowly chugging the oyster for us.   He was entertaining and friendly.  The oyster was fresh and tasty.  But I was told that the oyster was not on "regular" menu.  I gave two stars instead of one, because of the chef and his great attitude.  Don't waste your gambling time/ money here people.
5	If you go to Las Vegas, this is the must go to buffett...friendly service, fresh food, nice environment, tons of food options, good price for the great quality of food. If you go during brunch dont go for the typical omelette or eggs and bacon. Try all the other options they have. It's the best!!
4	Short Sum: May not be perfect but still great for an upscale all you can eat Vegas meal.Pros: - Hits the mark for most of the foods and set up. Most of the foods have already been placed in small platters for you to grab. - Agree with one of the reviews below me. Very aesthetically pleasing food and interior. Definitely one of the better looking buffets in Vegas. - Dessert is amazing. There's a gelato bar and the servers are always nice. You can always get two or more at a time. - Our waiter was extremellyyyy nice. A star for him. Cons: - Misses the mark on some foods. Kind of expected from the buffet. The fried rice was poorly made. Fried chicken wings were too salty. I asked for medium steak and I felt like mine was pretty damn rare still. - Buffet is pretty damn hard to find...or pretty hidden at least. Go Back? - I'll probably hold Wicked Spoon off next time I go to Vegas. Going to try other buffets and compare.
3	A few things I really enjoyed, Actually they are the only things. They had great GelatoAwesome Mac & Cheese BarYummy Macaroons
2	Visited Wicked spoon today (Wed. July 30, 2014) for dinner for the first time and here is the breakdown:Staff: Super nice and helpful, they took time to explain in details all the food ingredients because my wife has severe food allergies.The food: Really expected the food to be much better than what it was! for the most part everything was bland, overcooked, cold (when it had to be warm) or warm (when it had to be chilled), weirdly spiced or tough.Sushi was not that good, salads where ok, the Prime rib was good (only if you get a freshly cut piece), roasted pork not good, roasted lamb, so so...chicken, nothing special... , the rest of the stuff was mediocre at best.The Deserts: I am not a desert guy but the deserts where nice and fresh.Summary: for the dinner priced at $38+tax, it is definitely overpriced. There is not much variety and the quality was not there. The food station where somewhat messy and dirty because all these little plates they use to individually serve the foods keep moving all over your plate and fall all over. overall, for the money you can get much much better in Vegas so I wouldn't recommend Wicked Spoon. Maybe if it was in the $25 price range for dinner, I would give it another shot.
5	Loved it. We went there around 6 pm on a Thursday and did not have to wait in line at all. The desserts were great. I think the food was more rich than Bacchanal but the Bacchanal has more selections. The ice cream/ gelato was amazing. I like how you can order your on mac and cheese. Also, the pizza was awesome. It does not taste like those other crappy pizzas you get from other buffets. I also recommend trying the mashed potatoes. Also, good service!
1	I've never been so dissatisfied with service, that the food became an afterthought. I've been to Las Vegas 6 times within the last 3 years and visited here each time. After my last experience here, I'll be taking a long break if I ever decide to go back. My father and I ate here on 7/25 for brunch around 11am.  I'd say the capacity was about 2/3rds or less full.  For buffets, I only expect 2 things for service - that my plates are cleared in a timely manner and drinks are refilled. After being seated, I go to get my food first while my father stays behind and orders our drinks.  I'm away a good while since I take a look at all of the food stations to decide where to get started. Decided on some breakfast items and toasted a slice of bread.  When I get back to the table, only our bottle of glass water was dropped off.  For those that haven't been here before, they provide you a bottle of glass water to start you off with.  My father leaves to get his food and our waitress finally arrives with our order of a cup of coffee and two juices.  This was over 10 minutes since we were first seated.  Another note to those that haven't been here before is that the table that seats two is small and the big plates that they use take up about a little less than a quarter of it.  I finish my first plate and my glass of juice, and I go back to get more food.  I tell my dad to order another juice for me while I'm gone. When I came back, my plate wasn't cleared and the waitress didn't stop by to check on us.  In fact, she didn't pass by at all since she came back with the drinks.  My father flagged down the first person that passed by, which just so happens to be the lady that sat us. She mentions that she wasn't our server and calls the one who was down. Lo and behold, our server appeared with the quickness to finally clear my plate and refill my juice.  By this time, our water was less than half full and should have been refilled also. But it never was refilled our whole stay.  By the time our waitress came back, I was halfway done with my second plate.  I always overlook things like this and give our server the benefit of the doubt, but still no improvement.  Our area wasn't even full and I didn't see our server busy serving others except for a group of a dozen ladies with champagne who seemed more into taking selfies and chatting than eating. My third plate was dessert already. And when I came back, my second plate was still on the table! So was my father's first plate.  So remember what I said about the size of the plates and table? Well that equals a full table does it? Our table wasn't cleared until I was already done with dessert.  The thing that really bothered me was we were near the wall where the bussers would stack up cleared plates before taking them to be washed. I was thinking they were shorthanded, but seemed like they had enough time to talk story by the wall while our plates and well as others in our area weren't cleared yet.  Like I said in the beginning, all I expected was my plates to be cleared in a timely manner (preferable before I come back with my next plate) and drinks are refilled.  If my father didn't flag down the lady that sat us, who knows if our server would have ever come back? We ate at two other buffets that week, at the Bellagio and Monte Carlo.  Service at Bellagio was excellent, even though it was packed.  Our server was efficient in refilling our drinks and I always came back with no plate sitting there.  Even at Monte Carlo, where drinks were self-serve from their fountain station, our plates were cleared in a timely manner.  At nearly $30 after taxes for brunch, I expect great service when the competition like Bellagio and Wynn provide that for $10 less. But was we got was pretty much non-existent.
5	I LOVED the Wicked Spoon!! The staff was so friendly, nice and welcoming. We had never eaten here but had seen the reviews and also this place was on Travel Channel. The food was excellent, the restaurant is clean, well lit and a true pleasure. I will definitely go back!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
4	Yay!! First, I like having an excuse to walk through the Cosmo to get a glimpse of the three story chandelier and the video pillars. (Soo cool!!)Second, awesome awesome bloody Marys!Third, food is pretty darn good! I do wish that there was more seafood, but still there were some tasty items!I really enjoyed the crispy duck wings and lamb ribs . . . though I did feel guilty afterwards for eating such cute creatures (they are so decadent though. . . )The escargot polenta is REALLY rich but OH SO good!!Gelato bar is dangerous . . . thai tea flavor SO yummy!Also, the watermelon siracha dessert kind of blew my mind -- sweet, spicy and refreshing!Great service too. Would recommend, and while the food was good, it wasn't mesmerizing enough to justify the $35 price tag (+$12 for bottomless champagne/ mimosa/ bloody Mary).
5	I went in thinking I was going to walk into a spread of Gorilla brains or Aardvark risotto based on reading the reviews alone preceding this, but definitely after consuming the food here I am happily a fan. I won't lie there are odd choices at a few stations, BUT it did seem to work so kudos to that!The highlight for me was the watermelon Sriracha. I am by no means a ghost chili consumer, but damned if that wasn't the best combination I've ever had far as fruits and veggies go. The other item that stuck out was the pork belly fried rice. The presentation was awesome as it came in a mini chinese take out box.As far as buffets go, to date I feel this one was an underdog and is the best one on the strip I have experienced so far! For the simple fact that the food tasted fresh and not like it was incubating for hours and overall taste!
1	Went to try this buffet after hearing a few good things about it. We arrived noticing the line wasn't so long like other buffets. We probably waited 20 mins for a table of 3. I guess the reason was because the food totally sucks!! There seemed to be a lot of experimentation and stuff that didn't work out. Wasabi mashed potatoes? Wtf? The eggs Benedict was bland, the rice in the risotto was semi crunchy, and I avoided the Asian food and sushi all together, they looked like they came from some packed food!  Food seemed to be undercooked or under flavored. I got some food that was still cold or got cold for being out too long. The wait staff was nice and friendly though. 1 star for them but 0 for the food. Avoid at all costs! Go to bacchanal M or whatever else. This is not worth $35 for brunch, gotta be crazy spending extra for mimosas for a bad experience
1	Was surprised to see no line for Sunday brunch. Should have known why...food is very underwhelming for the price point. Food was bland, cold, lack of selection, and overall did not taste good. I expected more esp. It being inside the cosmopolitan! Cesar's and M buffet are the places to go when in Vegas. A little pricer but food significantly better. You've been warned!
1	I went here for brunch/lunch to try something different from bacchanal. Biggest mistake of my life. A lot of it was undercooked. I really felt like I was at Hometown Buffet typical pizza, wings, disgusting mac n cheese, weird mash potatoes, non tender meat, and cereal. Currently in the toilet trying to flush it out of my system. #notimpressed
3	Good but not great.  Lets face it,  Las Vegas is known for its endless selection of buffets,  most of what are meh, not great.  The appeal of this buffet is the small portions prepared fresh.   Unfortunately the selection is more about appearance than flavor.  The beef marrow bones are good but most people seemed to avoid trying them. Many of the dishes looked nice, but tasted like typical Vegas buffet foods.  The best part of this buffet was the dessert selection. But even then, spending the equivalent amount of money in a regular restaurant will always deliver better flavors and quality of dishes. This buffet is more about the Vegas experience.  If you want to feel fancy while wasting money, this is the place. If you want great food, visit a well reviewed restaurant.
3	Maybe I got too hyped up about this place but I have to say that I don't see they hype that everyone is talking about.  It was a typical Las Vegas buffet.
3	You know this is a gourmet buffet when they serve everything in little dishes and plates! The overall presentation was very elegant and fancy.Wait was around 30-45 minutes on a Friday night around 8 PM.  I was very impressed by the bone marrow and snow crab. Snow crab is chilled and already cut open for your own convenience. I also enjoyed the creamed corn and mashed potatoes. As for the bone marrow, I just now expanded my taste palette after my experience here. Never thought I would ever enjoy that!The Asian food was definitely a miss. As a matter of fact, most of the items served here were a hit or miss. I did not enjoy the deceptive "tonkotsu ramen." NO where near the taste and authenticity at all. I also witnessed some chef-people-person yelling at customers for using the wrong utensil to pick up the food. So unnecessary and unprofessional. A serene warning would have been more fair.
5	Simple and SweetI think Wicked Spoon is probably the definition of vegas buffet! The good chunk of dishes are plated like Hors d'oeuvres. This is good because it helps with being able to try everything in the restaurant! All the food is fresh and amazing and the time they put into the attention to detail is fantastic!I went on a Sunday brunch around 11:30 and only had to wait 30 minutes. Now i say ONLY 30 minutes because a lot of other solid buffets in Vegas take 2 hours just to get to the cash register and that doesn't even include waiting for a table!As for price it was averagely priced (or i think it was) at $35. Pretty reasonable for solid food and beverages. The service was outstanding and the water they give is not tap. They have a special filter in house and serve it in a glass vase bottle. (SO FANCY!)I would say go try it if you want the Vegas buffet experience and trying not to stay on a reasonable budget. (the rest of the money goes towards bottle service at clubs and gambling! Am i right? :D)
3	Wicked spoon food is really good food but looked more focused on Chinese and sea food !! Although deserts here are delicious which will make you FAT :)
3	We came for brunch on Sunday and sadly the quality of food has definitely gone down here compared to previous trips. The selection was pretty average to below average for a Vegas buffet. They had your usual salads, chinese food, meat carving stations, and seafood and made to order omelettes for brunch. But the entree items themselves simply weren't that appetizing. i mean cmon they served cream of corn as a entree? Where's the exotic meats like at the Bellagio? Or at least something memorable and i want to eat more of! The best part still has to be the desserts especially the gelato! You can't go wrong with sweets! Yes they can do half n half scoops too. The service staff was friendly as usual and cleared our plates pretty quickly even though the place was packed. Overall, this place has become a hit and miss for us. I guess we'll see again next time if they've improved.
1	Waited an hour to be seated while there were tons of empty seats open.Food was horrible Only good thing was pizza and omelets.Never again
4	Mmmmmm
4	I really wanted to give it 3.5 stars but don't have that option. I bumped it to a 4 because of the gelato. I ate a few things but was not totally impressed. My favorites included the congee plus fixings, bone marrow and the hazelnut gelato. I also liked the decor and how the buffet was set up. It wish very modern and doesn't look like you're typical buffet. We opted for the bottomless mimosas. That was worth it. I think it an additional $12. I saw my friend add the mango passion juice from the buffet to the mimosa and it made them even better.
5	The phrase that comes to mind when describing this place is "quality not quantity."  This place is Amazing! i loved it! I can't say enough about it.        The food they had was everything that I love.  They had a lot of the type of sides you would find at like Ruth Chris's. The presentation on these dishes was so cool and unique, like the little Chinese takeout boxes.   I was in foodie Disneyland, so far this is in the top 3 buffets for me.  The other two great ones are at the Wynn, and the Buchannal at Ceasars.  Wicked Spoon may be my favorite though.  When googling buffets, another one that's supposed to be great is the one at the M Resort.  Let me tell you, that was a huge dissapointment - mediocre. This place is LEVELS above!!
1	The food was delicious but the hour long wait was most definitely not. We paid for our meal at 8pm and were told it was a 45 minute wait before we were seated. While waiting in line (which took an hour) we watched as several empty tables were left unattended while we waited to be seated. Even after the empty tables were cleaned, no one was seated at those tables! There was a long line outside! I asked the hostess once we got to the front of the line why no one was being seated at these many empty tables and she said people were coming and going for food so it's hard to tell. Baloney. We diligently watched during our 60 minute wait as these seats remained empty and we remained hungry. I don't appreciate paying full price for a buffet up front and then being forced to wait on purpose for our meal.
4	Best buffet I've ever experienced! Quality was amazing. The choices were absolutely not your standard buffet choices.There were many options to choose from that would satisfy your tastebuds and make you forget you're at a buffet.Definitely will return.
3	The food was salty.
3	This is weird but....despite the fact that we ate a lot, and pretty much enjoyed what we ate....I can't recall a single thing. Mac and Cheese with added shrimp was cool.....so was the cerviche....but nothing at burned itself into my memory. Nothing extraordinary, nothing to rave about and nothing to go back to. It wasn't awesome and it didn't suck. It was just...alright. (as an aside, however I really liked the parking system at the Cosmo, the little light system that shows you were vacant spots are. As a casino its pretty cool if out of my budget.)
3	This place was a disappointment. I came here when they just opened years ago and all the food items were just marvelous. Their food quality has really watered down through the years.The crab legs tasted like they just thawed out - really bland. The risotto was undercooked. There really wasn't anything that's worth raving about, except maybe the bone marrow.Oh, I loved most of the desserts, especially the Nutella ice cream - yum! I will stick with the Bacchanal for now but I really do hope they do something to improve their menu.
4	We thought coming by around 2pm would pass the lunch rush but it was still packed. There were 8 of us and we had to wait a while because there weren't any tables available that would fit all of us. The food was good; I had like 3 servings of the mac n' cheese and 10 of these little ice cream cones filled with goat cheese. They must have been switching to the afternoon/dinner items because 1/3 of the stations were closed and they weren't refilling certain items.
2	We were so excited to come to Wicked Spoon because we read so many good reviews and raves from our friends.Big disappointment. The wait wasn't even a big deal (they seat first come first serve, not by party size, so we waited for almost an hour for a table for 2). The food selection was very large and impressive, but the actual taste of the food was so mediocre. I give them kudos for all the cool unique combinations and fusions they came up with (Sriracha watermelon, anyone?) However, most of the other dishes were just too salty or spiced an incorrect amount. (Avoid the Chinese food, if you can even call it that). In the end, I filled myself up with the mushroom pasta, which came in a cool metal ladle, and the steak. The rest of the items were just disappointing. The dessert selection, I will admit, is amazing. Most of the dessert items I tried were quite good. I wouldn't go back for the price of $41/person.
1	Horrible service. Would not recommend.  You do not get the service for the price you pay. Also the food the mediocre.
3	The infamous Vegas buffet was just ok...Tons of food were cold and not fresh. even the crab legs they had was just ok. Overrated for sure. The additional 12 dollars for bottomless champagne was good tho
4	Once in a lifetime experience. You can go to Vegas not for gambling, but for this buffet.People may say it expensive but it is worth the price. The dessert selection will blew you off. Lots of variety and all of them are god.I seriously recommend to go here than wasting your money in a casino.There is no love sincere than the love of food.
4	Never thought I'd say "higher end" buffet but this is it. Came here on our last morning in Vegas and it was delish. A ton of variety for everyone and huge range of food at all hours of the day. Be prepared for the price tag but not much more than you'd pay at any other place in Vegas...def a recommend.
3	Wicked Spoon is definitely in a league of its own.  It is not a massive buffet venue, like the Bellagio Buffet or any other standard Vegas hotel buffet.  Wicked Spoon is dimly lit with intimate seating, varying from tables of two to round tables of about eight.  The buffet opens at 5pm, and the BF and I were starving since we landed in Vegas about 3pm.  We got there at 6pm and there was no wait at all.  However, about 30 minutes after we sat down, the line was around the corner.  The Wicked Spoon dishes are individually plated, which (pro) allows you to have many full dishes but (con) you can fit about 2-3 small plates on your big plate.  The BF mentioned that they should consider getting plates large enough to fit 4 of their small plates - not a bad idea! I did get tired of having to go back and forth so often and having to carry a plate with two plates on top and another small plate in my other hand.  As for food, i will mention of the tasty morsels I had.  I know the assortment changes everyday, but hopefully this can give you some insight into what you would expect from Wicked Spoon. Custom macaroni and cheese station - you choose the fixings and the friendly chef makes you a yummy concoction.  Toppings include proscuitto, bacon, onions, chicken, and shrimp. Roasted duck with cherry glaze - so good!Pork tacos and guacamoleWaldorf saladAhi tuna poke Gnocchi with mushrooms - one of my favorites, but heavy Prime rib - be aware of the horseradish! It is overpowering! 5-spice asian wings Fried rice with pork belly Desserts - macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, a variety of gluten-free items, chocolate lava cake, mango mousseOverall, Wicked Spoon was a great experience, but next time, the BF wants a REAL Vegas buffet eating extravaganza.  Wicked Spoon is definitely a fancied-up buffet with a guy's worst nightmare - tapas.  i heard the brunch is amazing, so I will have to try that.
4	Keto friendly buffet.Meat here was better than Bacchanal, minus the ribs which were dry and tough.Bone marrow, prime rib, fatty pork belly all fell into my high fat low carb macros.They have a sugar-free pudding that is also gluten free which was delicious, I personally had 5 servings of it.As for normal dieters they seemed to have enjoyed their food as well. The mac and cheese bar was praised by everyone else at my table.Definitely comparable to Bacchanal but 10 dollars cheaper.
1	When I went to the wicked spoon it wasn't that great actually when I walked out of the bathroom I slipped in vomit in was gross but of course no one was there to inform that vomit was there. after we talked to the manager they gave me $100 gift card to buy new clothes, comp room, payed for the meal, and let me take a shower in one of the rooms.
3	I don't usually do buffets but this one has a ton of choices. Un/fortunately the best thing I ate at this buffet was the angry mac and cheese. Although the menu was creative and fun, the execution could use a little help. The "lava" cake was actually chocolate cake with raspberry preserves inside ? The pork belly wasn't as crispy as it should be. The must haves if you are going to this buffet are: aforementioned angry mac and cheese, hazelnut gelato, any of their super fresh salads & maybe something with a poached egg (flawlessly poached even for a crowd !). If I'm back in Vegas, I may visit again at dinner (we came for brunch).
5	One of my favorite buffets! I LOVE the oriental station with the mini takeout boxes of noodles!!!! Soso cute and tasty. I really enjoyed the Angry mac and cheese along with their asparagus salad. I tried almost everything in this buffet and they were worth coming back for. Also, the bone marrow was gross. It's not fair for me to compare it to the ones they serve at Wolfgang Puck's Cut, but this just had an unsavory texture, which was bland and chewy.Overall the Wicked Spoon has done an incredible job and I would absolutely return.
3	The skinny: Decent selection of food, mediocre quality, long wait time, and overpriced. Decided to try Wicked Spoon Sunday morning of EDC weekend. Unfortunately, I missed brunch, but was still extremely excited to try the rival buffet to Cesar's Bacchanal. My final decision: I'm going to stick to Bacchanal's. The array of food selection was limited. They seemed to try to put a spin on the conventional food types (like putting bleu cheese on the pizza instead of mozzarella or adding salmon to the chow mein). While this might of been hip or different, it definitely did not mean better tasting. Nonetheless, I can appreciate the attempt.Another odd practice was the fact that after ordering a Coke, the server brought out two glasses of coke filled with ice. He probably did this so that he did not have to come back again for any refill, but it also made my second glass unenjoyable since by the time I got through with the first glass of coke, the second had been watered down due to the dissolving of the ice. That being said, I only saw my server twice.My 3-rating is based primarily on my opinion that I think Bacchanal is a better buffet. They have a greater variety of food that appeals to more people. Their food tastes more fresh and is warm. The wait time for Bacchanal has improved with their new seating system so you don't have to wait in line bored to death, as I did waiting in line for Wicked Spoon. One thing that makes Wicked Spoon better, though, is that their bathrooms are actually in the restaurant. It's a bit weird that Bacchanal places their restrooms outside of the buffet. Regardless, I think everyone should try a buffet when going to Vegas. The different variety of foods you can try is great and it is an enjoyable eating experience that you can share with friends and family.
3	This was the husband and my second time at the wicked spoon. We left prostrate and pathetic after two hours of nearly constant consumption of food and drink. This is a ritual of any Vegas vacation.The good. The bagel and lox was great, as was the bacon. We also enjoyed the shrimp, salmon Benedict, and dessert selection. We may also have drank our weight in mimosas. Eat the gelato.The bad. Whatever was being served instead of prime rib was more akin to the heavily seasoned meat of Brazilian steakhouses. It was ok, if misrepresented by the presence of horseradish and somewhat overdone. The bone marrow, on the other hand was undercooked and wholly inedible. The juice in the breakfast bar was warm and unpleasant. The sushi was unspectacular and the beet salad was unimpressive. Now for the ugly and why it's barely getting three stars. The women's bathroom was absurdly filthy. I'm talking vomit in the stalls, dirty thongs on the ground dirty. I understand that this restaurant turns over a lot of drunk ladies, but I expect cleanliness in a restaurant with no exceptions or extenuating circumstances. If a custodian with a mop needs to be stationed in the ladies room 24/7, do it. If this is what the women's restroom looked like I can only assume the men's was an ankle deep pool of piss. Bring your snorkels and floatation devices, gentlemen.
5	Amazing. Wonderful food! Only meal in Vegas I've had so far that was worth the price tag.
2	After reading all the reviews on yelp, It looked like one of the best buffets. However, I was quite disappointed. They didn't have that much to offer. The service was also quite disappointing.  When my friend and I went to get more food, our servant took our away our utensils and our cups.. The desserts were amazing.. there was a lot to choose from, like chocolate strawberries, cake, gelato, etc.. I got the thai tea gelato which was amazing.. wasn't too sweet. Comparing this buffet to Spice Market buffet over at Planet Hollywood, I think Spice Market had more variety. but the desserts over at Wicked Spoon was better.
1	Not impressed. Only 3 sushi-Salmon, and some Tempura crab sushi.. Not enough variety in the Chinese and Italian Selection. Food was either over seasoned - too salty- or under seasoned. Bottom line, not worth the money.
2	I am sorry but after experiencing The Buffet at Aria wicked spoon does not compare. Bad selection food is just okay and I was disappointed with most of the food I ate. The chef at the omelet station needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to make an omelet.
3	Well it does provide a wide variety of options for everyone! The food here was hit or miss. Some of the stations were out of this world fantastic and some missed the mark. I will give 4 stars to the squid ink pasta and the benedicts- those were delicious. The strawberry watermelon smoothies were AMAZING. They came in little shot glasses and I swear we each had 5 or 6. I wasnt impressed with the rest of the food and it wasnt worth the $40 per person we paid to get in.
3	I LOVED the Wicked Spoon when it was brand new...not too expensive, great quality food, lots of variety...but I went back last month and was disappointment with the selection of vegetarian options. I ended up paying $40+ to just eat some vegetables and salad. Other Vegas buffets have great tofu/soy options so I'm hoping in the future the Wicked Spoon will follow suit. Also, I really miss the fudge bar! The desserts were still good but they used to be great.
2	I honestly have no idea how this buffet got ranked #1. You want to know how, I'll tell you. People see the individual portions served in fancy little containers and automatically go crazy for it immediately blinding themselves from the fact that the food is just ok. Now the food is not bad, the service is terrible. If you enter the Cosmopolitan from the back side hotel entrance, you have a mile long walk to find this place. It is tucked away upstairs in a back portion of the building. The only reason we tried this place is because it was ranked #1 and I dont know who does the rankings, but if they think this is #1, they must have judged it on looks and serving containers because this place is severely OVERRATED!!!! One thing is for sure, I definitely will not be back to the Wicked Spoon. While the gelato choices are many, I had the pistachio gelato and was very good, do not buy into all the hype around this place, it is not worth it. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else, you will be glad you did.
4	Wicked Spoon's an interesting buffet place with a wide variety of different food. I came here during brunch to get some food. Even though it was brunch time, there was pizza, chicken wings, sliced beef, etc. The buffet also had your usual breakfast food items.== Food ==Brunch was pretty good here. They have Eggs Benedict here! Comes with salmon or pork. The soft boiled egg is cooked just about right with a nice gooey inside.There's bone marrow here for everyone who's interested. I haven't seen a buffet serve up bone marrow before, but it's not my cup of tea.There's various cuts of meat here also such as sausages, beef, and pork. They were all delicious and tender. There's a very wide variety of desserts ranging from cakes to ice cream. They are alright, but everything tasted pretty blank on the dessert side. Nothing special, but it wasn't bad either.== Service ==Service was pretty good. The waitress came around often enough to refill drinks.== Overall ==The eggs benedict makes this buffet stand out. The various cuts of meat here is good too. Definitely worth the money.
4	I do not usually eat buffet, but I always come to wicked spoon for my Vegas trip. The most important WARNING: this restaurant has its good things and bad things.   First of all, I never wait for the times I visited since i always around 1-2 pm. I guess people were still having hang overs. The price for lunch was $37, which is the same amount as Caesars palace.   The things I like about wicked spoon are:1. I loveeeee the interior design , and the vibe in this restaurant. The staff was very active too.2. The salad here was really good !!!!! I can't stop eating them 3. You have so many choices, and they all come with small portions. As a person with a small appetite, they are so prefect for me. I can actually try everything in this restaurant   However. The things I do not like: 1. I love how they have very weird and wicked dishes, but not every one of them is delicious ! Sometimes it even taste bad2. As a meat lover, I think their fried chicken need to improve !!!!!!!Others than that, I would say I will still come to wicked spoon when I visit Las Vegas:)
5	This place met my expectations and more. Offers military discount (15%), delicious food, and friendly service. As a vegetarian they offered me plenty of options to eat as well. Best buffet I've been to.
1	Not worth it. Expensive and quality of food isn't up to par. Left unsatisfied. Will not come back.
4	Love this buffet! Would definitely come back next time when in vegas! Love their small dishes! So delicious! Their bone marrow are not as impressive as I would hope and their crab legs are not as good as Caesars' buffet, but their other hot food dishes are in general very good! I enjoyed it very much! They have too many food too! Wanna try everything but just couldn't!! Will for sure try next time! And their gelato! Pistachio flavor was one of the best I have ever tasted! And their have fun Thai tea flavor as well :) love it!
2	Our server pissed me off.  I ordered a salty dog (greyhound with a salt rim).  It came without a salt rim, just as a regular greyhound, and the bill was $16 and had it charged as a Moscow mule. We asked to have it changed on the bill, since I ended up with a plain grapefruit and vodka which was only $10 on the menu.  Rather than settling for the lower charge, she argues with us, talks smack about the bartender and blames the screw-up entirely on him, snatches my drink off the table and brings me back a salty dog with the most sparse salt rim I've ever seen (it literally only went halfway around) and still charges us $16. That's $6 for a few, barely-there crystals of salt, for anyone paying attention! As for the food, it was definitely on the creative side for buffet food, but, unfortunately, still had the undersalted-sitting-in-a-steam-tray-for-hours buffet quality.  The mashed potatoes were good, I'll give 'em that. A couple of the pastas were serviceable.  Everything else was exactly what you'd expect.  And a lot of the items come in individual tiny little ramekins that take up your entire plate, so you have to go back for seconds many more times than you usually would.  Not sure if this is a tactic to get people to eat less for their money or not.  Hmmmm.  Overall, pretty disappointing.  You think you're paying more for unique menu offerings and implied higher quality, but it's all the same buffet rubbish.
2	For a $40 pp buffet, this place certainly leaves me wanting more. After scoping out the pictures on Yelp, I was very excited at the idea of an upscale buffet with delicious food - especially the small plates.Unfortunately my hopes were dashed. "This is essentially like Golden Corral but twice the price." That's my boyfriend who eats anything voicing his disappointment.Yeah... the food was blah. Mostly tasteless. The polenta was super salty and this is from someone who adds salt to everything! Minimal seafood selection. Cold stale sushi - you get the idea.Literally the only saving grace was the dessert bar which was fantastic. But man cannot live on gelato alone.My advice, save your hard earned mulah and skip this one. You can definitely getm better for less in Vegas - the land of good food.
4	Brunch Buffet is great. Service is kind of spotty, but the food - for a buffet - is awesome. But it is still a buffet, people. Is it amazing compared to every other buffet on the planet? Yes. It is amazing compared to a sit down restaurant where everything is made fresh to order? No, so don't expect that. Instead, sit down, unfasten your belt, and gorge until you enter a coma. Boom.
5	Let's just sum it up pretty quick all you can eat.Pork Belly Bone Marrow, and all the great flavor selections of gelato. I'm happy with that ,but they do have other great gourmet food selections.
3	This was my second time at Wicked Spoon.  The first time was amazing but this second time - I dunno - maybe they were having a bad day.  The food was 'ok'.  The desserts were amazing just like last time.
3	Preview the buffet before paying as you may be surprised that the selection and quality of food is just okay. Compared to Bellagio's, Wynn's, or Caesar's buffets, the Wicked Spoon is just wicked. I thought with the Cosmopolitan Hotel being new and hip that the food would follow suit, but surprisingly it's meh. Perhaps, the less spoiled palate would enjoy this buffet?! The buffet is on par with the Rio's, and close to Planet Hollywood's buffets. I just expected more and that's where I take responsibility for this wicked outing. I should have previewed the buffet as I am recommending, kept my expectations low, and perhaps I would have been pleasantly surprised rather than disappointed. I don't think it would have really mattered as my friends were extremely hungry and we just wanted to sit down and eat. With that being said, we were starving and the food still didn't taste that great. So, you have been fairly warned... If you choose to take this Yelp review with a grain of salt, I'll bet you'll join me later with a similar review. Wishing you only good eats and service... Eat On ;D
4	Back home on the East Coast, planning for my Vegas trip, the Wicked Spoon had become almost legendary in my mind. The reality was... well, almost as good.I came at lunchtime on a Tuesday and there was no line. The buffet is a little smaller than I expected, but still, you will be well fed. They have a lot of unusual items that make your meal an interesting one. The surprises, to me: duck wings were particularly memorable, as was the polenta with escargot, porcini, and garlic butter reduction. At buffets I always think of potatoes and polenta as the cheap foods they try to fill you up with, but that was some seriously delicious polenta. And the bone marrow is a great feature of this buffet... risking a heart attack, I got it again each time I got up for a new plate. I'd never had it before but now I will crave it.Wicked Spoon is especially well-known for its desserts, and maybe this is just because it was lunchtime, but I really didn't think they were that impressive. The gelato selection is great, and they have a lot of chocolate-covered strawberries... but most of the options were skip-able to me. It's definitely way better than most buffets in this aspect, however.My server was excellent (African American lady, nose piercing-- I don't know her name, but if management sees this I'd like them to be able to identify her!). She was attentive and treated customers with respect-- and by that I mean her vibe was "you're a person to me, not just another table I have to deal with." While I was in Vegas I ate at both this place and Bacchanal. Honestly if you're going to choose just one I'd go with Bacchanal, but it's a close match. And, there's an Art-o-Mat machine right outside it-- a converted former cigarette machine that sells unique art at $5 a box!
2	Came here for brunch. I thought it was super overpriced at $35. Good selection, but the food was pretty average overall.
4	A very good buffet with the perfect amount of selection.I know that Vegas is home to some pretty big contenders in the buffet world and that the wicked spoon is a little smaller than a few of the giants. I still personally think that this place makes up for size in quality. I would actually prefer the size of the wicked spoon over the bigger guys. Hehe maybe because I'm indecisive?We went during brunch when there wasn't much of a crowd so I'm not sure how bad it can get. There are several different sections here with mostly Asian, Italian, and American offerings. I found that the food was a hit or miss with a few gems sprinkled in there. That was mostly the reason for the four star rating. A lot of the food is good, some of it is excellent, and some of it is just weird. I noticed, like many buffets in the area, they tended to have a few dishes with some experimental flavors. Hmmm yea dishes like the watermelon Siracha didn't really do it for me. I also tended to stay away from the Asian section as it honestly wasn't that great. On the other hand if you love desserts, you are going to love their dessert section here. I thought it was the most consistent/ strongest section they had. I don't think I was disappointed with anything I grabbed from there. Plus the gelato bar at the wicked spoon is amazing! I went at least 4 times. The price is pretty reasonable at $30 a person as of aug 2014. Its about what you'd pay everywhere else. The soft drinks and ice tea are complementary and they have unlimited wine and mimosas for a little extra. The staff is friendly and helpful. They cleared plates and refilled drinks quickly so no complaints there. The one minor thing that did bother me about this buffet was the fact that some of the food is already portioned out for you. I generally wanted a little less then what they had on the plate but it's very minor.If you're not looking for any Asian food I think this is a great buffet to check out.
4	Amazing dinner buffet... With BONE MARROW!LOVED this buffet... definitely high up there and worth the money! At dinner they had a create your own mac and cheese section! Still comes second in my opinion to the ceasar's buffet, but delicious none the less.
4	In Vegas, there are so many big players with gigantic buffets filled with somewhat mediocre food, and the Wicked Spoon is a little on the smaller end. However, the Wicked Spoon really makes up for what it lacks in size, in quality. I've been to the Wicked Spoon several times and I've never been disappointed in the offerings. The food changes a little bit from time to time which makes each experience a little bit different.Tip: Expect to wait in line for quite a while if you come anytime near brunch or dinner.
2	I actually give them some credit for having customers pay before they have to wait an hour in line.  I just think its smart for a business.Now to the food...The plating and looks of the food was excellent.  The taste was nowhere near $41.  It was more like $9.99 food.  First of all everything was drenched in oil.  I felt like throwing up after the first bite.The meat had bad flavor to it.  I think its five spice or something like that.  Im Asian and I hated it.  The ribs were tough and salty like beef jerky.  The lamb was good but too salty.  The puree with the salmon had an odd taste.  The calamari smelled fishy.  The crab legs were thin and not tasty at all.  Maybe they were just trying to mask the taste of ingredients that arent fresh?The icecream was good though.  Actually the icecream was excellent! $41 for icecream!
3	Wicked Spoon is a mediocre buffet. The thing is, the presentation is amazing and the options are definitely gourmet, but the quality of the food is lacking and definitely not worth $40 a person for dinner. I've ate at most of the buffets in Las Vegas and there is much better options for the price. For buffets I work on a price:quality ratio, if the price is high (over $29) the quality must be excellent. I would rather have less selection, but high quality food.The crab legs were not fresh and had a sandy taste to them. A lot of the food was over powered with salt. On a better note, the prime rib was excellent!Perhaps, I just caught them on a bad day, but unfortunately I won't be returning to Wicked Spoon.
3	People were raving about this place and personally I don't get it. Make sure you go check it out before you decide to stay. The selection was mediocre at best... And the quality just not what I would expect from the hip Cosmopolitan. Service was good... Food was meh.
2	This place is mediocre at best. It's a hit or miss with the food. I guess things would taste a lot better if the food was fresh but I guess I went during the time when they weren't making a lot of new items (2PM). They have very limited selections of seafood (which I love)... well they have a limited selection of everything. I went around 2 and got seated with no problem; the line move relatively fast. For $37; I would suggest you save your money and go somewhere elseTwo stars for the ice cream; they have Thai Ice Tea flavor yum!
2	Honestly... I don't get the crazy amount of positive reviews for this place (disclaimer: I went for lunch, not dinner). I can't say anything was amazing here and would not recommend to a friend. Maybe their dinner is worthwhile? I rather stick to the buffet inside the Wynn ! Also, what happened to the service here? That alone knocked off 2 stars for me. There was (yes, I counted) 5 times I came back with food and the tables were not cleaned up. Not to mention trying to get someone's attention for plain water.
5	I gave this five stars.1. Great customer service 2. Great selection3. Nice presentation4. Food is fresh5. Food tastes great I'm not one who usually frequents Buffets. But I have to say this buffet is awesome!I could say it has put other buffets to shame, or at least ones I have tried. I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.
4	Pricing: Expensive. As befitting a Vegas buffet.Quality: Good-Excellent. Best French toast ever and interesting desserts.Turnaround: Good. A little funky from breakfast to lunch, but otherwise trays are full of food.Service: Excellent. Someone was always ready to clear empty dishes and refills drinks.We made it in time just for breakfast, but late enough so that we get to eat through lunch as well. Needless to say that even for breakfast at a lower price of about $30 or so when I went back in June, I did not feel the food was quite worth the cost. The most expensive items were the steak and crab legs (available for lunch), but the steak was overcooked and chewy with just simple salt and pepper seasoning. The crab legs were better, but the long line coupled with the fact that some of crab legs were not fresh and thereby mushy in texture was a big turn off. However, I must recommend the French toast. They were fluffiest piece of heaven I ever had. I kept getting them as soon as the chef put them out, which I know most people will scoff at since French toasts are just carbs, but trust me, they are heaven! The poached eggs were good and the mac-n-cheese were so creamy that they slid perfectly down my throat. Most of the meat options were either bland, dry, or of a bad cut, but the sausages were delicious! Moving from there, the dessert options were varied and huge. A lot of them were kind of mediocre and did not really stand out, remind me of store bought packaged desserts, but the gelato options were awesome! I had a strawberry vinaigrette that surprisingly worked and a pistachio that was actually nutty. I wish I saved more room to have more! The turnaround is pretty good with food readily available most of the time, except for during the switch, a lot of food disappears and so do the servers. There was only one guy manning the meat section and he had his hands full cutting and serving all of them to the long line of patrons. Overall, I felt this buffet had superb service since most buffets do not even provide service! Someone was always on hand to remove empty plates and bring new drinks to us while proactively asking us if they could bring us anything else.
1	Lunch was a huge letdown. We've been before and loved it. This time TONS of breakfast food. I asked if they would be putting out more lunch offerings since it was after 12:30 - they said no. No prime rib, meet selection extremely average. I don't care for seafood, so this review may not be meaningful for people who love that. For me, they had a small selection and it was a big letdown. Staff was very nice and room well appointed. I just think that on a relatively quiet day, it should still be good and it wasn't. Cesars was 1000% better. More small plates of yummy things and more variety. You may want to see what they put out before you pony up the $. Very disappointed. If you want breakfast the huge servings as the Hash House a go-go while not a buffet are much better.
4	It was a great experience here
5	Would give it 10if I could. Hands down the best!
4	Coffee torte is awesome.  Different dessert than most buffet.Mac and cheese bar is different where you can choose salmon, chicken sausage, and bacon. I like the shell pasta,  which makes it different.Watermelon with sriracha was quite refreshing. Two Lines FOR Buffet was quite confusing. Line to pay and line to sit down. Quite deceiving.
5	Bring your 2nd stomach - your going to need it. Sit straight and take your time to breathe deep - trust me it helps your stomach come through with your appetite. If you can get up, walk a few laps around the wicked spoon but stay away from the buffet. You might not have the will power to stay away - so commit. 2-3 laps around the restaurant before stuffing your stomach with your uncontrollable appetite that you still have from all the delicious food. Run a marathon the next day it helps with the fat burn and it eases the guilt. Enjoy, and stay fit.
4	Good quality food, very long lines (it took us almost 2 hours to get in) our server was nice
4	Excellent food and variety, good service and delicious deserts, the taste of the food was very good.
5	Great atmosphere,  super yummy food and amazing service from a very sweet lady by the name of Lisa D. When I find myself back at the wicked spoon, I'm asking for her section
4	Their selection of food is superb! Their meats and sushi are delicious! And they have their own "build your own mac n cheese" station!! Totally worth the price.The only bad side to this is.....GETTING A FOOD COMA CUZ YOU ATE TOO MUCHDont forget their desserts!  (Passion mango sorbet was amazing!)
1	I was so excited to come here after seeing it on food network and when a friend said it was the best. Good thing we didn't have to wait long because I would have been so mad to wait two hours for the food. First of all, the crab legs they put out was still frozen. Second, there was absolutely no fresh cut fruits. Really? A buffet with no fruits? And the dessert bar was mediocre. Sugar free chocolate gelato? Yuck!! The waiter hardly came by to clear the table. We paid $47 a person. Totally not worth it. The Wynn buffet is still the best for the value.
3	Great selection of food but pretty expensive and the food is a hit-or-miss. My favorites were the papaya salad, smoked salmon, heirloom salad, salmon eggs benedict, bolognese gnocchi, and the gelato bar. There were some other things I ate where I had one bite and ended up not finishing it because it tasted bland or so bad that I contemplated spitting it out into my napkin. The fact that there are two lines: one to pay and one to wait for a table was pretty ridiculous. If you're going to pay $40, you shouldn't have to wait in two lines. Both lines took pretty long and we waited an hour and a half in total. Overall good but won't be coming back.
5	This was the coolest brunch I've been to. Great selection and presentation. I like that it's served as individual portions not as a huge pile of food to scoop out. Very fresh, gourmet options. I got so full I didn't even get to the desert area. We got there early and had zero wait time. Service was great too. Delicious!!
4	Aside from some dirty silver ware, the Wicked Spoon is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  They have everything, and I mean everything!  We had breakfast/brunch here while staying at the hotel and although pricey at $45, we at least had a buy one, get one coupon.  From Chinese food, to salted peanut gelato, you name it, they have it.  The fried chicken was very very good, as was the nutella gelato.  Get there early to avoid the lines, and try everything you can.  Well worth it!
3	I think this place is a little over rated. We went here for lunch on Sunday and the presentation of the food was amazing but everything I ate was salty. I'm not sure if it was my tastes buds or just the food that day buying guess I will give it another try just to be fair.
3	We are here for Sunday brunch.  We waited in line for about thirty to forty minutes (not too bad). It cost about $40 per person.  We thought that was a little expensive for locals but we wanted to try it out.  I enjoyed the small portions and the dishes they came in.  Very interesting idea.  There was definitely enough food to choose from but not of it was the greatest.  I don't think I would go out of my way to recommend this place but it was something worth trying.
5	Breakfast ... 5 Stars. Why? A. Best service in Las Vegas. B. Best food I ever experienced. C. Good variety of desserts. D. Omelet makers were the best to talk to and made delicious omelets.TIP: Angry Macaroni and Cheese = The best.
5	After checking in this was our first stop. Amazingly decorated. Great service.I tried a bite of practically every dessert on their dessert bar which was extensive and beautifully put together. Fried chicken tasted like it was fried with a coat of sugar, ah-mazing! The angry Mac was also spectacular. Couldn't eat for like 12 hours after but it was so worth it. Go here!
1	Worst buffet Ive been to on the strip. Cost as much as any five star buffets and just doesn't even come close. Waited an hour and a half to be seated. Right around 2:30 pm there were empty trays. Running low on food in a buffet. I paid 50 bucks for a spicy mac and cheese? There is no way in hell that dish can justify a 50 dollars a person buffet. I do have to mention that there were some insane tourists there. There was a young Chinese guy who wanted to take a whole tray full of sushi back to his table for his company. A manager had to run afterHim and bring the tray and the food back. It was actually hilarious to watch.But not 50 bucks hilarious.
3	For 20 something dollars, I could understand some of the 4/5-star reviews detailing brunch. But for $50 at dinner, it fell short.  I'm certain I didn't eat $50 worth of food, my fault for not eating everything!!!  If I tried a bite of everything they had, I would totally pass out from a food coma without really savoring and enjoying (that's why I'm a bad candidate for buffets).  Plus, we had seafood on our brains, wanting everything under sea, especially a variety of crab.  Failed!  All they had were snow crabs. I suppose AYCE lobster is out of the question for $50.  Stop being so unrealistic, Gigi!!!I did like the shrimp cocktail shot glasses!  Very convenient, tasty and cool spin to a just pile of shrimp as I've seen at other buffets.  Bone marrow was another yummy treat, haven't seen that anywhere else.  I love bone marrow (and clogging my arteries)!! Gelato station was a nice touch.  No white chocolate covered strawberries, only dark chocolate!  Booo!!!  Prime rib was just ok.  Nothing else really caught my attention.  A few other complaints from my table were, not a wide variety and items like bread/pastry were stale and even hard.Our server was friendly and attentive, I appreciated that.  Didn't appreciate the attitude from a worker at one of the stations. Too long to detail the incident, but I wasn't being out of line.Will definitely opt for Bacchanal instead next time.
3	I had heard great things about this place and was super excited to come for dinner buffet.  Unfortunately, I didn't like it as much as I was hoping I would.  A lot of things were great (I really liked the lamb curry, prime rib, and mini taco), but the selection was a lot smaller than I had hoped.  This may be because I went to bachannal a few nights before, but I still felt like the diversity in food was not great enough for the price.  Luckily, my group came in with a few 2 for 1 vouchers from United, so I walked away content with what I got.I will say though, definitely try to gelato!  There are a lot of flavors- I asked for the best 3 in a cup and they were all pretty delicious (I got thai tea, candy bar, and salted peanut butter).
3	I think this place is overrated. Their desserts are okay. Sushi: did not look fresh so I did not eat them.Chinese food: the worst fried rice I have ever eaten.Pork loin was too tough.macaroni was tastyMy boyfriend and I spent $80 but he barely ate anything. Totally not worth it.
3	Despite the numerous recommendations and people telling me I had to try this place, I resisted because, c'mon it's a buffet!This buffet is huge! And judging by the stockades set up to manage the line, it's gotta be popular. We opted for the unlimited bloody marys for $12 each, cheap by Vegas standards. They're small, pretty tasty, but also pretty week. The food looked really good, several sections of stations were well showcased. I saw some atypical brunch items; sushi, risotto, carbonara, and watermelon raspberry smoothie shots, just to name a few.I didn't get close to trying everything, but the items i did try were decent, especially by buffet standards.
5	DELICIOUS!!! Nice ambience, great food! I especially love their freshly made fruit juice. Oh! Their dessert selection...HEAVENLY! I'll definitely bring family and friends back to this place.Definitely worth the $34 for brunch.
4	Vegas is about about the clubs and buffets.I'd compare wicked spoons to Marquee night club..You'll see many hungry people and all sorts of dishes to fulfill your appetite?? ( do you see my comparison?? yes, no? ok )My friends came around 1130am on a saturday and the wait was no longer than 20 minutes. Perfect! We weren't ''buffet hungry'' but by the time we got to the front, we were ready to see how wicked this place is. ( I'm cheesy)There were many small dishes that tried to prevent us to excessively take more than we could handle. My personal favorite was the small plate of egg Benedict . It was cooked to PERFECTION... first bite had yolk dripping down my plate.... DROOL.The dessert selection was absolutely sexy..yes, i said it..SEXY... overall-I'd come again my next time around.
4	To start things off, let's make one thing clear. This is definitely one of, if not the best buffet that Vegas has to offer. You know that when you're visiting  Vegas you have to at least make one buffet stop while you're here. And to me this is the one that get's my vote. Starting with the ambiance, which the buffet is located inside of the Cosmopolitan hotel as I would consider to be very "chic".... whatever that means lol. So you can pretty much be dressed up, but also come casual. It has a very nice feel when you enter the place and all the times that we've went there for either lunch or dinner it really never seems to be that packed. There's a lot of tables in the seating area. And is pretty spacious so you don't get that feeling that you're touching elbows with the table next to you. Now to get to the food to which the Wicked Spoon does probably the best in my opinion compared to other buffets. You can definitely taste the quality in the food that they have and what makes it even better is that they give you these portions where you're actually able to go to each stop and get one of each.....honestly! How amazing is that! And if you like a certain food just get a lot of it. To me this is what stands out the most with the Wicked spoon is that they have the portions laid out for you. Now...I know what some of you are saying that the buffets portion be on the person, but just trust me and try it for yourself. Another strong point that the wicked spoon has going for them is their dessert choices. Mostly with Vegas buffets or any buffet for that matter you're limited to the usual ice cream and sub par pieces of cakes, but with the Wicked Spoon you have a variety of sweets! It's great!To sum everything up, you really can't go wrong with this place at all. Good food and good service just make sure you bring good company lol. Thanks for reading my review! Hope you like this place as I would highly recommend it when visiting Vegas.
2	Expensive and not even mediocre. The selection was not extensive, the food was bland, and it was hot inside. The only thing that made it semi-worthwhile was the dessert selection. The raspberry macarons were very good. Save your money, save your time... Eat elsewhere.
3	(This was probably closer to 3.5 stars to me.)  The Wicked Spoon has a _huge_ selection of food.  Most of the food was very good, and a lot of creativity went into many of the dishes.  However, some of the dishes had imbalanced flavors or had been sitting out far too long.  My favorite item was actually a juice -- their passion fruit-mango-raspberry (if I remember correctly) "Wicked Juice" was outstanding and I went back many, many, many times for more.  There were stations for breakfast foods, fruits and vegetables, carved meats, Italian, Asian, and pastries/desserts.  The staff was friendly and efficient (especially our waitress, Lisa!).  It's a very pretty restaurant, rich in ambers and browns.  I particularly liked the amber-colored glass-drops that were suspended like raindrops around large glass structures (like unlit chandeliers).  The buffet is pricey -- another example of how the days of the $12 Vegas buffet are gone, I think, at least for high-quality food -- but you can eat your fill of good food.
5	Better than Bacchanal?1. wicked spoon 2. bacchanal 3. bellagio 4. aria 5. wynn that's my top 5 in that order.Bacchanal vs Wicked Spoon!  Fight!!Round 1  - DecorNew round from my regular selection.  This place looks and feels awesome.  Doesn't help that a wedding party with a beautiful bride and groom was sitting near us.  Seriously, if a couple sees a hotel buffet glamorous enough to hold their special occasion at, then its a pretty darn nice establishment.  It was just a beautiful place to sit and eat at.  You also don't hear the noises of slot machines and bonus chimes echoing within the dinning establishment.  The bathrooms were large and clean.  I wish my house's bathroom looked like that.Bacchanal is a classy modern day retro feel.  You have the textured yellow and orange seats with translucent square glass separators everywhere.  Sorta feels like the threshold of the 70's and the 80's.  The buffet area was well lit and visible from most of the corners of the room.  Outside was a view of the pool and the pretty people that walked by, something you don't get at wicked spoon.  Overall, a swanky place to eat at.winner - Wicked SpoonRound 2 - seafoodSeafood really belongs to the M or the Rio but lets compare these guys.  Wicked Spoon really has a limited selection to offer.  Crawfish, cold crab legs, and prawns are what sticks out in my mind; however, they do it well.  The cold crab legs are nothing special really.  I'm starting to believe that all these buffets purchase their crab legs from the same shipping crate that gets shipped over from Long Beach.  If any dares tell me that Buffet's A crab legs are better quality than Buffet's B, i'd like to sell them some "vintage" dollar bills for $10.  Lets clump sushi in this round, cause we like sushi.  They have a miso soup station which is very nice to have.  Prepping  your stomach for sushi with miso is always good.   The sushi selection  (dragon, tiger, ginger something, spicy tuna, etc) are a much BETTER selection than Bacchanal.  It's quality is also better as you can see the chef's prepping for it right there and seemingly knowing what to do.  I do like their creamy wasabi as well.Bacchanal has so much to offer at it's seafood station.  They have little dishes that enhances some of their seafood offers.  Do not go there without trying their scallop spinich dish.  Soo freagin good.  There's an entire station dedicated to these unique dishes.  Once you get into the crab legs and oysters, they serve an assortment of dressing to go with it.  Everything is fresh and delicious to eat.  Their sushi is Sub-par.  (Par - average/mean/baseline).  Yeah, i said it...subpar.  You can go to sushi-boy or some place off flamingo rd to get sushi after bachannal if you really want it.  With that said, they still win.  (That hurts because I'm a big sushi guy).Seafood - bachannal.Round 3 - carveryThis one is going to be tough.  Wicked spoon had so much going for it.  Thick hickory smoke apply bacon, the freagin bone marrow, and a near perfectly done prime rib.  Let's not forget the crispy chinese pork with hoisin sauce.  so good.  They had sausage links that I did not try, but I bet it would have been just as good since the rest of the meats were terrific.  What hurts them here is not offering (at least when I went) a lamb dish.  yeah, maybe you won't care for it, but its just one of those things that stands out when comparing buffets.  Quality of meat is excellent though and i wish they had a plated surf and turf station like the Aria next door.  Bacchanal, if you've read my other post, was alright.  It really is not its forte.  The lamb is probably the best thing they have.  The prime rib is slightly better than average but not at the level of the wynn.  I would venture to say they're about the same.  Wagyu beef is not impressive if it's made into a slider.  If you're going to eat that Wagyu beef slider, share with a friend first and see if you can really spot the difference.  Probably taste the same as if I would have gotten it from BJs.  They have a chinese station as well, but it's really not as good as wicked spoon.  I believe wicked spoon even serves chow fun, but i might be mixing that up with bachannal.  winner - wicked spoonround 4 - varietyThis is wicked spoons round.  there are so many dishes that I don't eat cause they sound expensive.  My friend literally said, this is a plate I would order outside at a 4 star restaurant.  This dude works for the A's.  Anyways, Bacchanal had some unique dishes like the wagyu beef, spinach scallop, & chicken and waffle, but they pale in comparison with wicked spoon.  Wicked spoon - custom BYO mac and cheese (delicious), truffle polenta something, chinese roasted pork,  ramen station, braised beef/pork tacos, a bunch of other things...go look at peoples pics.  Yeah it really isn't a comparison wicked spoon wins.wicked spoonRound 5 - dessert N/A cause i only had gelatoGo to wicked spoon @ $50.
2	(2.5 stars)Overrated.My cousins and I came by for dinner on a Saturday night with extremely high expectations. If you're reading this in line for this buffet, do me a favor and drop ALL of your expectations. You'll probably be satisfied in the end.I will say that I do love the selection they have here. They all come in these fancy little presentations that call for serious picture taking. And don't get me started on my love for interesting ingredients and delicious flavor combinations. For instance, orecchiette pasta with mushrooms or candied bourbon carrots? That's my cup of tea.With that said, I was disappointed in a lot of the food they had here. A lot of their dishes are either under seasoned, over seasoned, too rich, too dull, etc. It's never a consistent "just right" with the dishes here at Wicked Spoon. For instance, their tandoori chicken was extremely dry and hard to swallow. Their pan roasted oysters in red sauce? Too many conflicting flavors.Not to mention, there's a TON of food that I've read/seen in reviews that weren't among the selection the day we went. Instead, there were a ton of uninteresting dishes. And on a Saturday during dinner?! Weird.They also don't have an extensive selection. Variety wasn't that great.The only thing I liked (oddly) were the shrimp cocktails. And that's as basic as it gets.As for the desserts, I did enjoy the white chocolate mousse cake. Not too overwhelming and just right. However, everything else I tried, form the gelato to the rice crispies treats to the macarons were too sweet.I don't know... Maybe it was just an off night. However, I will say that my table was unsatisfied with their meals. There were some hits, but there were more misses if anything. In the end, we wished we went to Caesar's for Bacchanal.1 star for the presentation of the food. 1.5 stars for the service.
5	I think this is the best buffet in Las Vegas (better than Bacchanal). For a buffet, the food is amazing, with an overwhelming mix and selection (steaks, sushi, Chinese, Mexican, and a thousand other dishes in between). The place also looks very nice - a contemporary look that fits well with the Cosmo's aesthetic (which itself is beautiful). Like other fancy hotel buffets in Vegas, the price here is high, though it fluctuates depending on whether you come for lunch or dinner and whether you come on a weekday or weekend (higher prices for dinner, higher prices for weekends).  So if you want bang-for-the-buck, eat lots of lobster/crab legs and lots of meat. Vegas is all about pushing yourself! I recommend the various steaks and the scalloped potatoes, and would steer clear of the sushi (it's mediocre).
4	Pricey but all buffets at Las Vegas are anyway right?Selection was amazing, good meat, really good cheese, a variety of shrimp and the icecream was delicious. There is a line to go in so expect a bit of wait to go in and for sure come hungry so you can satisfy with the 40 bucks you are going to pay.
3	TOTALLY AVERAGE BUFFETlet's break it down into 5 categories.. The food is defiantly doesn't taste the way it looks. I remember going in and seeing plates and plates of beautiful food, that makes your mouth water. Once you taste it  all goes away. I think they were too focused on presentation and not on the taste it self. If you don't believe me go ahead and just keep reading  more comments and pay and find out why we say that.  Oh and I was soo upset that I had to start a yelp account just to say how plain the food tasted.1. Price - Paid $90 + tax for 2 ppl (locals receive a SMALL discount)   2. Overall Food Quality -  Nothing of outstanding value... Yes presentation of food is "pretty" but food itself is nothing special. Tried a good variety of what was available.   3. Location/Ambiance - Beautiful and clean.4. Service Level - Its a Buffet so don't expect much, not personalized but decent.5. Dessert & Beverages - Great selection and taste.
3	We have eaten at the Wicked Spoon two times now.  We decided to do this one because our 4 & 2 year old kids are free.  The first time we had the breakfast buffet on a Sunday.  It was OK, nothing that really stood out to us.  Last night we tried the dinner buffet hoping our meal would be better and we could finally understand the hype about this buffet...there were several selections like Chinese, Mac and cheese station, meats, salads, gourmet cheeses, tons of dessert options, pizza, and several other things.  The best thing I had was the shepherds pie.  The worst was the lamb Indian dish which had small chunks of fatty lamb.  I would take a bite then had to spit it out and chew around the fat.  My husband found a long black hair in his food.  The server offered him a free drink to make up for it.  In my opinion the best part was the dessert station.  All of the desserts were very good and huge selection.Next time I think we will try the Bellagio or Caesars Palace buffet.
5	For breakfast hands down 5 stars.  Wynn is excellent for breakfast but Wicked Spoon out does them with the attention to the little plates. Some of the best of the best:Shrimp cocktail in a little glass with the cocktail sauce in the bottom of glassChocolate covered strawberries rolled in health bar bitsFall off the bone bar-b-q ribsSalads on little plates already dressedIt's just a very well done breakfast buffet and one I will return to. I have only eaten here for breakfast; lunch and dinner experience unknown.
4	If all buffets were like Wicked Spoon, I might become a buffet guy.  The thing about me is that I don't like to gorge.  Eating pounds and pounds of mediocre food just to get my money's worth doesn't appeal to me.  I prefer to taste, not gorge.  I like to taste lots and lots of little items and experience as many flavors as possible.And if you're a taster like me, Wicked Spoon is heaven.Wicked Spoon is the first buffet where the majority of the food comes in individually portioned, small and bite-sized dishes.  This made me a very happy boy.Aside from this unique quirk, Wicked Spoon is a fairly conventional Las Vegas buffet.  On the other hand, it's quite gorgeous, with more chandeliers and more stylish decor than most.  There's typically a line to enter, but I managed to avoid it by dining at off hours -- 7:30am for breakfast, and 5:30pm for dinner.  (Side note -- I had free passes to the buffet thanks to my Cosmopolitan rewards program, so I got to experience both breakfast and dinner at no cost -- sweet!  But expect to pay through the nose if you purchase a buffet pass yourself.)The foods run the gamut in terms of style and quality.  The strengths lie in the desserts, I think.  I loved the macarons and apple cobbler and molten chocolate cake and endless flavors of gelato.  Every single cake and tart was perfect.The savory foods were a little more mixed.  The vaguely "Asian" foods like the General Tso's chicken and pork fried rice were tasty but bland.  (Also, who eats buffet-grade sushi anyway?)  Same with the Mexican foods.On the other hand, the American-style foods, like the fried chicken and roasted bone marrow and salmon with pea puree, were quite excellent.  The various salads were fresh and delicious, too -- especially the beet salad, asparagus salad, various takes on a green salad (spinach and kale), and that kickass caprese.I could spend hours detailing every dish I tasted, but that would be pointless, since Wicked Spoon's selection of foods changes on the reg.  You'll have to pay it a visit and see for yourself!  Just be sure to bring your appetite.
2	Good buffett... but not worth the extra $$$.  Quite pricey if you ask me.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better," is exactly what I was thinking. Dinner here on a Friday night was very underwhelming. I expected A LOT more out of this buffet. My favorite was the antipasto bar, all I which I could have probably prepared at home myself. The meats were too overcooked for my taste and I didn't care to eat much of the pasta choices. Signature mac and cheese bar was about average. Disappointed doesn't even describe it!
3	I went here three years ago and was impressed. I loved it!!! But came here last week on a weeknight and what a bummer. The food wasn't that good and definitely not memorable. The bone marrow was good- but thought I was going to break a tooth if I ate the toast you're supposed to eat it with.Is it really supposed to be that hard?!!! the desserts weren't that good either, cakes were dry! I ate at the Paris buffet and their food was better during breakfast than this place at dinner! We ate here againthe morning we left, on a saturday morning and it seems like they wait until the weekend to really get the good stuff out. The food was definitely better and the desserts didn't seem like they were left overs. I would come again, but maybe on a weekend brunch.
5	Amazing brunch. Presentation was great, food was excellent. Overall, a very pleasant experience. Not overpriced for this quality of food and service.
5	Good gourmet buffet dinner, very different from the norm buffet. Tasty and a lot of exotic food. The desert something to die for. Gelato Ice Cream, different flavors and their mousse, my favorite the Pistachio chocolate mousse and the macaroons. Not crowded, take your time to dine no pressure. No kids running around or no babies crying. Wow, their Prime Rib, melts in your mouth, very tasty. Highly recommended! The only thing I don't like is the wine doesn't come with your dinner. The bottle of wine, Cabernet is $20.00 :( . I don't like Cabernet anyway. Try it!!!!
5	Fabulous selection. Everything was great quality, a large variety to choose from. Staff was all great. Pricey, but worth every bit.
3	Went back to Wicked Spoon last week. I believe it was my 4th or 5th time there. I feel like the quality overall has gone down. The presentation wasn't as immaculately pretty as before and many of the dishes were just okay this time. The atmosphere is still great and service is wonderful but I think if I'm in the mood for a buffet the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll go over to Bacchanal.
4	Awesome. As a pescetarian, I enjoyed the choices. Ate so much of those darn glazed carrots that I swear I was an orange hue on my way out. I had to be wheeled out in the wheelchair. Almost. SO FULL! Their salads are pre mixed, and many of them contain cheese. So vegans will be distressed. And the lay out is a bit random, but that allows for ample ooing and aweing at the variety. I WOULD EAT HERE EVERY NIGHT... if my stomach was humongo. I swoon for wicked spoon.
3	Wicked Spoon is the Cosmo's buffet on the Strip. It was $25 for lunch. Their selections were pretty standard with the salad, carving, brunch and omelette station, asian, italian, and dessert.  The setting is pretty cool with a black and orange color scheme. So, let's talk about the food.The only items that were memorable was the grilled house cured bacon, congee, and bone marrow. The fried chicken were seasoned with curry powder which tasted weird to me. The pork fried rice was bland and the shrimp "takoyaki-esque" balls were undercooked. They got some unique foods like a goat cheese and lavender panna cotta and a watermelon slice marinated in sriacha and lime. I thought most of the food here was pretty rich tasting (i.e. garlic bread, mushrooms gratin, eggs benedict). Even their salads were pretty overdressed that the salad was shining with olive oil. I will say this though...This buffet wins on presentation. The chicken were served in small fry baskets and the fried rice was in a chinese take-away box. I would probably give this place another chance and try go for dinner to see if its better. Oh btw, DO NOT eat the gnocchi here. The sauce tasted like the canned sloppy joe sauce i had the week before...
5	Absolutely delicious! The variety of food is amazing and everything tastes as wonderful as it looks. The staff are polite, friendly, and cheerful. Definitely worth the price!
3	I really liked how they had various gourmet plates in a buffet setting, you know, things that you won't normally order at a fancy restaurant, i.e. watermelon with Sriracha and lime drizzle. The selection for salad and meat were substantial and they had a mountain of king crab legs for the customers. Prime rib was good, sushi was "meh"... my favorites included the sausage, roasted pork belly, and OMG the huge dessert bar. Overall, I wasn't impressed by the buffet and they didn't have much of a seafood selection. Food quality was definitely better than typical local buffet, but just "OK" for Vegas.
3	If you want a good buffet in Vegas that's worth the money, I would probably go for the one at Caesar's Palace.   Wicked Spoon is pricey for what it offered.  No oysters, no lobsters, not a huge choice of sushi.  In terms of quality, yes, the food was pretty decent.I expected a bigger desserts option but the desserts here were somewhat limited.  The salad bar was good, the seafood bar was pretty much non existent, and seriously not worth the money.I probably wouldn't go back.
2	Definitely over-hyped. I expected some good food for $50, but instead I got mediocre food. I got full off of trying things here and there, but not full from enjoying from my food. There are better buffets in vegas. don't go here.
4	Not sure I'd say I got my $52 worth of food, but I did sample a lot of dishes. They were tasty, but the gelato bar was to die for.Entrees on a whole were ok (3 stars), but the quality of the desserts is what bumps it up to 4.
3	When in Vegas... You have to eat as many buffets as possible. High points -Dessert is amazing! Gelato, lemon tarts, macaroons, eclairs, and super tiny cones of cuteness Wicked spoon dessert bar is so much better than bacchanal Buffett'sKeep in mind --Alcohol not included-You can get unlimited house red or white wine for $12 a person -Unlimited sodas, juices, and coffeeLow points -Their Asian food has a lot to be desiredMac & cheese bar seems very exciting but huge let downOverall not bad but if I had to pick 1 buffet in Vegas it would be bacchanal Buffett.
4	The Wicked Spoon is definitely my favourite buffet primarily because of their amazingly decadent dessert bar! The place gets crowded but is very well managed.All the food options are good and well worth the $40 a plate.Note: Avoid the Asian section though.
4	Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal, that is the debate.  I almost think they go back and forth as to who is better based on how they are doing for the week.  Still, I like the Spoon and come as often as I can.
4	Top notch buffet* so glad I came here.Roasted bone marrow !!! Soooo amazing.I put it on toast and it was a true revelation.Lots of good choices..charcuterie !! .siracha lime watermelon- Mmmm mmm.roasted meats-turkey,sirloin well seasoned .some Asian selections-all very tasty .nice salad bar with some nice cheeses.nice desert sectionPlace inside is very nice, a lilts but of walking to get to, but definitely worth the wait
4	If this cost 30 I think I would have been impressed but not really so much.  First the service is great!  Reason for the four stars, food alone would be three.  Good selection of meats, few veggie dishes, good desserts.  Many items are broken down into small individual servings.  Crab legs are cut in half for you and cold.   Chinese , sushi section...  Really no other international foods.
4	nice buffet lots of choices...I agree with another reviewer (Jacqueline L) that the desserts were amazing and the Asian selections were not the best.
3	This is one of the better buffets I have ate it during my trip to Vegas but even this one isn't so great. Maybe I just had bad luck when it comes to buffets in Vegas or maybe I don't know the best buffets to go to. Anyways, I love the interior of this buffet. It look very clean and cosmopolitan. I guess that's why it was in the Cosmopolitan, lol. However the food is just average to me. While there are many items here that you wouldn't get at a typical buffet, the food here just doesn't stand out or astounded me. I think this place is overhyped. I waited about two hours to get inside this buffet and I wasn't pleased with the quality of the food here. The desserts however was great but the lack of cheesecakes was very disappointing. The food here isn't so bad but it isn't so great either. Definitely not worth the price. I came with a party of four and the overall bill at the end was about $255. Yikes!
3	Both the appetizer/cold dishes and the dessert sections were impressive. The hot food sections were less impressive but I love the bone marrow in particular. I came when there was only 1 line and a very brief wait, but would not find it worth it if I had to line up more than 20 mins. Overall the food is above average, but while the waiter was initially very attentive and even came back around to ask us how our food was, he neglected to refill our drinks upon request and didn't take our plates away. This was on a non-peak hour Wednesday evening.
3	The mister and I had spent months gearing up for our trip to Vegas and wrestled over which buffet we would end up at over and over again. We managed to watch a bunch of those food network / travel channel specials on the best buffets in Vegas and reluctantly decided on the Wicked Spoon. I don't know if its because I had too high of expectations or that maybe I'm just not a buffet person, but I only thought it was just OK. We went for dinner, and I tried a little bit of everything, but the highlights were probably the made-to-order macaroni and cheese bar (5 stars!!) crab legs (can you really mess those up?), and the prime rib. The mussels were meh and some of the Asian inspired choices were also meh. I tried a handful of the desserts and nothing except the gelato was really memorable but I'll give them an A for effort in terms of the presentation. I don't know if I'm willing to shell out the money again for another mediocre experience when there are so many other buffets to try on the Strip, but I guess if you're a buffet-a-holic this one is probably up there as far as the quality and quantity of what they offer.
4	We love buffets, Vegas had bomb ones. This one wasn't as good as others we've had. It was great, don't get me wrong but not incredible. However : The eggs Benedict, the French toast & the wicked passion fruit juice were 5 stars  the rest was meh. A lot of the other items were dry from the heat lamps I though. Service was great too, very friendly and helpful
4	Notes (for dinner):-It looks beautiful inside there, without a doubt the nicest buffet I've ever been in-The food is REALLY tasty. There are some not as great dishes for sure, but it's the selection that makes this place great. It's so great to go through and be able to sample so many unique dishes (the lamb curry really stood out to me)-Best moment: The Mac N Cheese station! The chef Maciel was SO incredibly nice and attentive, I asked him to make me his favorite thing (without seafood) and...just wow. I am a self-proclaimed Mac N Cheese connoisseur, and this thing blew me away. It didn't even taste like Mac N Cheese by the end, it basically transcended what I thought one could do with Mac N Cheese. Absolute compliments to the chef.-Worst moment: For some reason you have a waiter to bring you drinks, which is already kind of weird because we're already getting all our food by ourselves anyway. Our waitress came by after we'd been there eating for 10 minutes already, then brought our drinks, then....nothing. Multiple moments of her seeing our glasses empty but not stopping by, which was just weird because that was literally her only job.
2	Definitely not worth the $88 my husband and I spent.  There are waaaay better buffets in Las Vegas and the casino buffet I usually go to in San Diego (where I'm from) is 100x better than Wicked Spoon. Cosmopolitan is an overrated, overhyped place.  It looks beautiful in Wicked Spoon, but their food was too "hipster" for me.  Sriracha lime watermelon?  Wasabi mashed potatoes?  Over salty bone marrow?  I'll pass!  I like high quality food with less gimmicks.  There was not one dish that satisfied me.  They didn't even have seafood here.  *insert WTF face* Will never go back here and will not ever recommend. 2 stars for the fast and friendly service and pretty decor.
1	***DO NOT WASTE TIME OR $$$***I live out her in vegas so I have had my fair share of buffets and what have you... I kept hearing how wonderful this place was so I finally convinced my family to give it a try on one of their trips out... I felt SO BAD for wasting everyones time!!!!the food was terrible.... nothing was worth waiting for or paying for... honestly the buffet at Green Valley Ranch was WAY WAY WAY better and for half the price!!!!!
2	The reviews I read we're highly overrated. There were actually dishes I spit out?!? The tuna poke had the worst flavor and bizarre gummy consistency. It was like chewing on a gummy bear that sat out in the sun. There was a chow mein dish that was so over cooked. You didn't need teeth to chew it. The desserts were good, but that was kinda it. Go to the Bellagio if you want a good buffet.
5	1;14pm on a Saturday. No line!Service is attentive and friendly.Bone marrow was fantastic as usual. Dessert bar was huge and this time I took my time to sample everything. Well almost.Skip the asian food. Except for the rice congee. That's very good.Hit the roast beef and carvery station often.Free flow soft drinks and juice.I love this buffet.
5	I heard great things about Wicked Spoon for their brunch buffet and decided to try them out.  They are just located inside of Cosmopolitan hotel, and it can be a bit of a walk coming from the LV Blvd entrance.   Buffet is always a good choice when you have a group of indecisive bunch. The wait was not too bad compared to the buffets at the popular hotels on the strip.  You can add a few bucks for brunch drinks like mimosa too.  They have pretty much everything from Asian to European for brunch there, and I would even say anything you could think of in brunch would be there.  Totally wicked!  They also have plenty of dessert as well.  The service was decent too.Knowing Vegas, the food item will probably be different I visit them again, so until next time.
5	classy buffet. glass bottles, cloth napkins, table presentation..very lovely place to eat.I love their selections of foods.we went their for late lunch but they serve brunch so-parts of buffet is breakfast.the egg benedicts arr just PERFECT. Each servings is in a small container or miniature parts.which is very cute and unique idea for a buffet.Its also good for kids, people who wants to taste just a little bit of anything.But the dessert part is the most yummiest ;)
5	Came here on a Sunday around 11:30am. $35 for brunch plus $12 for bottomless mimosas!This is not a bad deal considering how AMAZING the food is. Compared to other Vegas buffets, the Wicked Spoon is definitely the best. It is clean, some of the food is served in individual portions already which is very convenient and not messy! The chefs behind the food bar are friendly and will even explain to you the fresh ingredients used for each dish. You know the food is fresh because you can see the chefs preparing the food before serving it as opposed to simply warming up prepared food in an oven!I will definitely be back!
3	The restaurant and the presentation/plating of the food was very classy and pretty however the food itself wasn't that great. The food was either too bland or too salty in my opinion. Way too overpriced.
2	there are way better buffets in Vegas for this price or cheaper. I was expecting so much more... My expectations were washed away. The only thing I was impressed with was their Mac n cheese bar, where you could create your own Mac n cheese with different ingredients. But the guys making it were rude and were talking about some new video game, or show, or movie (idk what) the whole time. The service was fast with the drinks & the check. But they also kept asking me if I was done with my plate when I obviously wasn't. Why???? I give two stars because of the fast service, & the foods I had tasted good. That being said, I only probably ate 1/5 of the foods being served because the majority of foods sounded really weird.
3	Was expecting a lot based on the hype this place gets. I came here 2 years ago and they had this awesome cream of garlic soup that I remembered and looked forward to getting...wasn't there so I was a little bummed.The service was horrible and we were sat so close to the buffet that it was a constant stream of traffic 16 inches from where I was eating...a bit unsettling when you are trying to relax, enjoy the food and chow down.My favorite thing were these watermelon cubes with lime and sricacha sauce, pretty interesting.The most tasty dishes on the buffet are the little Italian plates they put out, but I don't usually get Italian at a buffet so it pretty much meant that I ran out of things I wanted to try...or just wasn't impressed by a lot. The desserts had nothing special, however, they did have the most interesting flavors of gelato I've seen...loved the thai tea gelato.The molton lava cake had no lava...and I love that dessert. Another bummer.3 stars but ignore the buzz...also way overpriced.Much better options in Vegas.
2	What a difference a few months make! This was my favorite buffet and now it's dropped down to 2 stars! Just ate here again and a few of my favorite items are now off the menu. Gone are the high quality Godiva Red Velvet pancakes replaced by poppy seed pancakes that no one is eating.  Gone is the Wicked Pizza replaced by dry overcooked prosciutto pizza. Gone are the various small pasta dishes with short ribs replaced by wild boar.....really? Everything was bland today. The only reason I even gave this 2 stars is the gelato is still great! If they take away the Nutella or Strachatella gelato, I will not go back. I am hoping their management will read this as I have been a long time patron and see how the quality has diminished but the price remains elevated.  Please bring back the quality!!
5	Hands down one of the best gourmet buffets the Las Vegas valley has to offer unlimited dishes to choose from everything from breakfast to brunch they also serve a dinner after 4pm but if your looking for a top notch eating experience and delicious dishes all over the place then the wicked spoon is for you.. I've been going to there breakfast buffet for the last 2 years due to work presentations and I still enjoy every bite. The Gourmet chefs will cook serval dishes to order. I've had hand made white cheese pizzas, to egg white omelets withShrimp, salmon, bacon and green onions. Long story short  enjoy
5	They took such good care of me here! The chef walked me through the entire place to help me pick food that was both gluten and dairy free. They also made custom meals to accommodate my allergies! Custom made gluten and dairy free French toast was heavenly!
5	Yes it is a bit more than other buffets in Vegas but the choices you get and the quality are amazing! I loved the make your own Mac and cheese station and  salad station! They offered a goats cheese and lavender infused panna cotta as a palate cleanser which was interesting as well as watermelon chile and lime cubes!! The Dessert station was also great which several different choices that you don't usually find at other buffets. Don't forget about the gelato station!
1	We always go to the buffet in Bellagio and thought to change it up a bit this time. So I did a little research and was torn between this place and the new one in Caesar's Palace, because they have round the same rating and price I decided on this one due to the fact that it is closer to our hotel. WORST decision. Sure the location is a little hard to find, but that's totally fine if everything else was worth it. Paid about $90 bucks for two people on a week day for dinner.....the selection was very very limited.... most of the items are dry, the crab legs are pitty, the desserts.....not pretty nor tasty. Not to mention the service was horrible..... I don't tip up front, ever, even though buffets lets you. I am not sure if that was the reasosn why for the service but she definitely did not get her 10% after what happened. We ordered two cokes at first while browsing the drink menu, and ordered drinks off the happy hour ($5 drinks why not...especially with the horrible food they serve). The happy hour lasts until 7pm I think and we ordered our first drink around 6pm. When we ordered, my boyfriend ordered a mojito but asked the server if it comes in different flavors. We don't know thats why we ask, a simple yes or no would do it. But our server went above and beyond by give our a cold laugh and said "not for $5". WOW....then she managed not to come around our table to check and was totally out of sight until 6:58pm (she was fully visible as she should before we ordered anything from the happy hour) and said "do you guys want another drink? I think I can still do it for you" like shes doing us a favor. Nice isn't she?
3	pricing was $41. thought there would be more of a selection but overall it's okay. Go to bachannal if you can
4	I had been looking forward to this indulgence-my first Vegas buffet. We did brunch on Saturday for about $35/person. The chocolate covered strawberries alone made it worth every penny. I'm a carb-lover so buffets are usually a waste for me, but wicked spoon had lots of choices for a picky eater like me. Highlights include wild mushroom carbonara, gnocchi, Korean mochi, saffron risotto, and angry Mac and cheese. I loved it all. I was impressed to see Hamachi nigiri on the buffet, until I tried it. The rice was way too mushy. The cream of mushroom soup was good, a little on the rich side but good. Of course I had to try the famous bone marrow. That was surprisingly good too. Desserts were good while simultaneously being disappointing. The chocolate covered strawberries stole the show. The other desserts not so much. Raspberry rice crispy squares not so hot. The coffee tort was meh. The cheesecake was just average. The other complaint I have is they give you pre-warmed plates, which melt the chocolate! Then all the chocolate cracks off the strawberry! Not the best idea. I grabbed a cold plate from another dessert for my strawberries.
5	This buffet was just amazing! Not your usual buffet fare - gnocchi in a wild boar ragu; veal sweetbreads; perfectly cooked roasted meats @ the carving station and the list goes on. I highly recommend it if anyone comes here.
4	After going to Bachannal and the Wynn buffet a few times I'm glad I finally got to try this place.  I came here for lunch and liked that they had a lot of the dishes they had to offer.  It wasn't as branchy as the the Wynn buffet and had more dinner like dishes.  There was a HUGE pile of bone marrow.  Thats crazy!  The Wicked Juice, grits with escargot and duck wings were the best.I think that the dessert section was a little small compared to Bachannal. The service needs some help but the food was that good that it still gets 4 stars.
4	I liked almost everything they had.  Did not like any of the desserts. I would go again.
5	I am nicknamed the "buffet bully" by my family. This is my go to buffet when in LV. Everyone I have taken here has been impressed! Only thing is that I wish they changed the menu once in a while.
5	Let me start off by saying that I'm not usually a fan of buffets. Between the random mix of foods, the sight of people shamelessly gorging themselves on subpar food, and the idea of everyone's grubby fingers manhandling the wares, they actually tend to gross me out. So, when a friend kept raving about this place every time he'd come back from Vegas, I was a bit skeptical. I finally broke down and tried it, and it's everything it's cracked up to be. The quality of the food is awesome. Loved the individual servings in small containers (diminishing the grubby finger issue). The beef brisket/carving station was incredible. My partner wouldn't stop raving about the fried chicken and mac and cheese. Their wicked juice is legendary. Makes for an amazing mimosa. Their dessert bar was not bad.  The service was great (don't forget to tip your server).  The ambiance is cool, it tends to attract a trendy 20-30something brunch crowd. No, this place is not cheap. But for the quality of the food, I'd say it's worth it.  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.
5	Love this buffet. My bf who is a picky eater also loved it. Our waitress was funny and friendly and kept those mimosas coming!!! Never had to flag her down once. And then she asked if we needed a to go cup for our mimosa. What...an...angel.
2	I went to this buffet around 7pm on a Sunday and they close at 9pm...most of the food was not very hot or fresh. The bread was dry. Most of it just seemed like it had been sitting out for a while.  I've been to some great buffets, unfortunately, I would have to say this is one of my least favorites. I was just not impressed by the food selection or the tastes. WAY too over priced for the quality of the food. I don't recommend.
4	I love Wicked Spoon!!! Been here twice from the very beginning since it first opened! Everything about this place is new and hip. There's no other buffet in Vegas like this! Everything comes in cute little cooking trays and pots like you have your own individual meal which is pretty awesome! I also think that it's a great way to not waste food since it's already portion controlled by being presented and prepared in the pots for individual servings. This is one buffet that you must visit when your in Vegas! Don't miss out on this awesome experience!
3	My cousins and I went here for lunch during a quick get-away to Vegas. There were many large groups of women (typical-bachelorette-party-recovery-luncheon ;D) It's not bad. Presentation was great. Sometimes it beat the taste. They do have a lot of items but not so much that interested me. Everyone craves different things at different moments and at that moment I just liked the mac and cheese and desserts. Maybe I'll try it again next time.
5	Really don't know where the negative comments came from but honestly I think the price and food are worth it. What other buffet serves bone marrow on their buffet line? It's my fave there, even if I can only have a few. And I know I get my money's worth with that alone. The rest of the main entrees are awesome too and I think the desserts are amazing as well. Can't go wrong with gelato!
4	Super friendly staff nice and clean. Awesome selection of every kind of food. Happy hour drinks are five dollars what a deal. Desserts are delicious and plentiful. Can't wait to go there again!!!  Tried the bone marrow not my favorite however the steamed salmon was out of this world.
3	Overall 3.5 starsWe flew United into Las Vegas.  While on the plane from SFO to LAS, the flight attendants passed out what looked like a deck of cards.Opened it up and found card offerings at the Cosmopolitan including 2 for 1 at the Wicked Spoon.  Wicked Spoon's been featured on some food shows as a top notch buffet so I wanted to come and try it.I had to get a players card first from the Cosmopolitan.  It's called Identify.  What a gimmick.  Got my 2 for 1 voucher, and headed up to the Wicked Spoon for brunch buffet on a Monday.  Regular price $29.00 p/p.No lines.  We were seated immediately.  What I enjoyed about the Wicked Spoon - most items are in individual servings.  This is great.  Avoids overeating and overindulgence.  Food was fresh.  Great variety.  Don't look for a salad bar.  There isn't one.  But plenty of veggie and fruit items.There was a suckling pig on the rotisserie, but it wasn't ready yet.I can't say I had any favorites but what I ate was all good..
4	No, I didn't love spending the money that I did. The wait can be extra long if you don't get there at a good time. However, once inside, there's a plethora of things to stuff your face on. I tried Asparagus Mousse, Bone Marrow, Glazed Duck Wings, Mac and Cheese Bar, and Sriracha Watermelon just to name a few. The desserts were great as well with pineapple carrot cake, gelato, and tons of chocolate raspberry items.
5	Amazing food, lots of variety so something for everyone.  Everything I tried tasted amazing.  Wait staff were really good about clearing un-wanted plates and re-filling water.  I just wish I had a bigger stomach so I could try everything.
3	Very solid Las Vegas buffet located in the Cosmopolitan (back corner) on the second floor.  The service is decent and the offerings are pretty solid, although the dessert is fantastic.  Some dishes from brunch:1. hamachi sashimi with ponzu reduction - fresh and sliced thin with a tiny drizzle of ponzu2. salmon sushi - pretty meh salmon that didn't really taste that fresh3. saffron risotto with truffled honey - al dente rice and bland cheesy sauce.  Definitely not worth it4. shrimp takoyaki - the shell was nice and crispy but the inside was a bit on the soft, too chewy side5. papaya salad - make-your-own with a nice selection of toppings, including Chinese sausage6. kung pao chicken - passable but I did like the addition of zucchini7. beef with broccoli - very salty but not too bad8. roasted root vegetables with honey glaze - flavorful and tender with the perfect amount of sweetness9. mushroom carbonara - very good with a savory and creamy blend of pasta, peas, and mushroom in a white cream sauce10. wild boar bolognese - decent with a savory tomato sauce but the gnocchi was too soft and overcooked11. panna cotta goat cheese tower - loved this mild blend of goat cheese and a mandarin segment for decor and zest12. zuppa di pesce - very savory broth with plenty of jumbo shrimp, whitefish, and clams13. gelato bar - try the pistachio and classic vanilla!14. white chocolate apricot cone - just get 6 of these.  Seriously, they are that good.15. chocolate bundt cake - rich and  decadent with a semi-soft chocolate-ty interior16. cheesecake - pretty standard17. donut and passionfruit mousse - very fruity and sweet although my friend LOVED it18. chocolate mousse - very rich and had the consistency of hot fudge rather than a mousse19. strawberry eclair - decent but not amazing20. chocolate espresso rice kris pies treat - it's a nice twist on a classic and I enjoyed the blend of marshmallow, chocolate, and espresso21. macaroons - tried the raspberry and chocolate banana and felt that the shells and interior were way too chewy22. roasted salmon - decent with a buttery glaze 23. prime rib - tender and flavorfulOverall, a solid 3 stars for good food and service.  $35 for brunch with an option to upgrade to a 2 hr long period of endless mimosas and bloody mary's at $47 total.
3	At $45 per person for dinner, I really can't recommend this buffet as a good value anymore. They had some good items on the menu including BBQ pork, sushi, risotto, prime rib, bone marrow, crab legs, etc. My favorite part of the dessert bar was the ice cream section - they had some cool flavors like Thai tea and Pistachio. Overall, a bit overpriced, lacking in selection (not nearly as expansive as Bacchanal at Caesar, the Bellagio or Wynn buffets), but still one of the better buffets in town.
5	Best buffet experience I have had in Vegas better than bacchanal at Cesar's palace definetly recommend it
4	Awesome Buffet!  A ton of options ranging from Chinese, to American, to "build your own mac & cheese" bar, to seafood to appetizers. They also have a dessert bar if you save enough room.I came for lunch and it was $42 a person (before tax and tip).  It is a bit pricey....but for the price you get top notch food and a ton of variety.  I know people complain about the price but really? in Vegas you aren't going to find a good restaurant that you will pay less than 30-40/person anyway.  For the extra 10-20$...it is worth the variety in my opinion.Since it was my first time, I tried a little bit of everything that sounded good.  Man..."small portions" really add up when you are trying everything....I felt horrible after leaving because I gorged myself.Don't pass on the Tiramisu Gelato....it was amazing.
5	We came here on a Monday night around 7:30. We expected a long line but there was no line at all! This buffet is rather expensive but well worth it! The selection is amazing. Most every dish is in a small dish or pan. Everything tasted fresh and was very good! My husband is allergic to shellfish. Some of the buffets in town do not offer much for him to choose from. He was very pleased at the number of dishes he could eat. The service was amazing as well. We will definitely be back but only on special occasions because of the price
3	I don't usually go to buffet but my sister took us there. Great selection and very good. Except for desserts: they looked good but but the taste is just OK.
3	When I heard about the concept of Wicked Spoon's small plate buffet, I was excited. How many times have you been to a buffet only to be disappointed by the poor quality of 85% of the dishes there?  Wicked Spoon seemed like it had the potential to not fall into the quantity of quality trap with its unique concept.  They did have bone marrow there, which was kind of cool. Unfortunately, it ended up just being like almost every other Vegas buffet, just with nice plating.Almost everything sounds really good until you actually eat it. I was saddened that I wasted my calories on this place.  If you really have to buffet in Las Vegas, go off strip and go to Texas de Brazil, where EVERYTHING is delicious and quality.
3	This was a decent buffet ....just like many in Vegas. I enjoyed the made to order mac and cheese. The mac and cheese guy was friendly and created a great mac and cheese dish for me. They had choices from shrimp, beef, bacon, onions, chives, three different cheeses, a couple of others that I cannot remember but you will have an opportunity to be creative. Overall, it was an okay choice.
3	I recently returned to Wicked Spoon for the second time.  While overall, it was still pretty darn good, it wasn't quite as mind-blowing as the first visit.  The space itself was still beautiful and clean, and the sevice was great. Our server was super attentive, making sure our drinks were constantly refilled and our used plates collected. The food itself just wasn't as up to par as the last time.  The brisket that had been heavenly before was bland and ice cold this time.  Maybe it was because the restaurant wasnt as packed that the brisket sat under the lamps for a longer time.  Who knows?  All I know is I had one cold bland bite and pushed it aside.  I decided to give the fried chicken a whirl.  I can see why it's so popular.  The  seasoning on the skin is really delicious.  But, when I went to eat a second leg, I found a long hair fried into the skin!!!!!  Ummm, gross.  So yeah, didn't eat anymore of that. Finally, the wicked juice they had last time had changed. Before, it was a sort of watermelon light nectar that was incredible, and mixed perfectly with champagne to create a different, refreshing mimosa.  This time, it was a heavy, almost smoothie like thick strawberryish juice.  When I tried to mix it with the champs, the entire drink would bubble over.  I tried to very slowly pour the juice into a half empty champagne glass the second round to control for the extra fizzing, but again, it bubbled over.  I think the smoothie like consistency of the wicked juice just didnt work with the champagne.  I was saddened the heavenly juice they had before was gone.But, it was not all a loss. I enjoyed the angry mac and cheese and the garlic foccacia bread. Both were satisfyingly delicious. Their gelato and cookies were also quite good.  So, I'm hoping they were just having an off day with some of the food.  My first visit was incredible enough that I will return once more and give it one more shot.
4	Excellent brunch!!! I am usually weary of buffets, because the quality that usually comes from making mass quantities is typically low. However, I was extremely surprised to see (well, taste) that WS was able to deliver on each and every piece on the menu. There was only one thing that I was disappointed in (gluten free red velvet cupcake), but I am assuming it was dry because it was gluten free. I would have given 5 stars, however, you have a 2 hour time limit for unlimited mimosas, which I understand, but still wish they wouldn't impose that.
5	Loved the ambience, much more stylish than Bacchanal. The food is excellent, the portions, how they are decorated and served exceeded our expectations. Each dish is 5 stars.The bacchanal has more to offer as for seafood but in the end the overall experience is A++++ would go there again and recommend it to everyone.
3	I have mixed feelings about wicked spoon. I heard so many good things about it so I felt like I had to try it. I liked the food but it was a little bit too much for buffet food. A lot of their dishes were not the kind of food you would want to eat after it sat out at a buffet.The food was too ethnic or reaching too high for a buffet. Just so/so.However the atmosphere is great and the dessert is really good.
4	Yum yum! Get in this belly! And I mean PORK BELLY! at one point, I had pork belly on my plate made 3 different ways. The desserts are awesome too.
4	Everytime I come to Las Vegas, I look forward to stuffing myself full here. This is probably one of the largest buffets I've been to with the widest variety of selection to choose from. A lot of their dishes are delicately plated in small portions which is great for portion control. I would recommend if you go here to scan the entire buffet first before digging in as you will stuff yourself silly before getting to some of the good stuff. I went last year on a Saturday night and quality of food was awesome! I went again this year on a weeknight and I found the quality mediocre. If i come again, I'd choose a weekend.
5	Went for the breakfast open buffet.....speechless!! Awesome!!!!!! Will come back for sure!
3	cute presentation but food wasn't so great.  the dessert especially was too sweet, too dry, or just bleh. not really worth the $35 for sunday brunch.
3	I went here for a reception dinner for a friend's wedding and it was amazing! So many items to chose from and the desert options were plentiful.
3	Nice buffet but nothing special. There are, for example, not a large selection of seafood.Some courts simply did not taste. I had expected that otherwise. There are definitely better buffets in Las Vegas
3	I've been here three times over the past two years. I like the idea of gourmet buffet food served in small elegant and varying ways, but the huge problem with that is that the food gets colder and staler quicker, which totally offsets the "prettiness" of the dish.  I liked the kalbi ribs but nothing else stood out during dinner.. until you find the godiva chocolate dessert. That alone gets five stars, but overall only three.
5	I have heard a lot about the amazing decadence of Las Vegas buffets. While I can't speak for all of them, at Wicked Spoon the Hype is real. I like to think I am a bit of a buffet connoisseur and let me tell you, this made everywhere else I have been to look like trash.We got to the Wicked Spoon a little after noon and there was a small line that moved quickly to pay and get into a different line to wait to be seated. The buffet was $35 and then another $12 for bottomless mimosas. My group was originally under the impression that the $35 covered  all food and drinks. I am not sure how they got that impression (quote from me walking to brunch "guys I read up on the buffets and this one is only $35 for food and unlimited mimosas" oops). Not a bunch to be deterred, we happily threw down our $47 on a mission to prove to WS that they would lose money on this deal. After some small confusion about whether we had included gratuity or not, they found a table for all twelve of us after only a few minutes. It was a bit odd that there was a decent sized line, but lots of open tables in the dining room. I am not sure if they did this because they didn't have the staff to keep up with all the tables or if they just wanted to build up the aforementioned Hype. Regardless they still seemed to do a decent job moving people through the line.Now let me tell you about the food: there is a lot of it and it is all delicious. A few things to keep in mind are, first, don't pick up the first five delicious dishes you see. If you do this you will accidentally be too full to enjoy even more delicious food you find later. The best thing to do when you arrive is to play it cool (don't squeal like a little girl when you first see all the food. People will look at you funny...I have heard) then walk around and look at all that WS has to offer. Once you have taken in all the beauty, decide the best way to spend your limited stomach space. This leads right into my second point: don't get bagels, bread and butter, etc. Yes, bagels are good and I am sure they are above average here, but don't fill up on bread. There are amazing meat and veggie dishes that you couldn't get for $2 at any given deli.The staff did a great job of clearing our plates and making sure our glasses were full. They quickly realized that keeping up with empty glasses was going to be a full time job at our table and conceded to giving us bottles of champagne and carafes of mimosa. Also, right before our two hour drinking limit was up we charmed our waitress into giving us a full bottle and carafe. She later regretted this....Something to note, while this buffet is far from stuffy it is not particularly rowdy. We realized this a little late and got some looks from other tables and management. This brunch was a great experience and even at close to $50/person I would highly recommend checking it out.
5	I came here last Friday with my mom, saw this place on the travel channel show: buffet paradise. I really wanted to try this because the Cosmopolitian wasn't bult yet on the strip the last time I was in Vegas.  The food is amazing and I like that the food is portioned in little dishes, pots, woks and plates.  Will was an excellent server who empathizes the free drinks that includes soda, tea and coffee.  The food was amazing, walked out so full! I want to go again the next time I'm in Vegas I will totally come here again!  I tried the noodle dish, fried rice, sushi, fried chicken, salad, teriaki chicken, shrimp cocktail, cakes and strawberry dip in chocolate, ice cream.  All so good!
4	If your a desert person then this is the buffet for you; however I am not.  On the savory side of things the selection can seem limited, plate after plate of similar items.  The bone marrow was a surprising treat that was quite unique to my knowledge for any buffet.  Don't get me wrong the food was amazing, but only sits at number two on my Vegas buffet list.  Care to guess who sits at number one?
3	Can't say that Wicked Spoon isn't an impressive buffet in terms of decor, service and presentation but what struck me the most during breakfast was a total absence of cheeses. I literally wasn't able to find a single slice of cheese at the whole buffet ( aside of shredded blue cheese). I find it to be very awkward.. Cured/deli meats and fish selection is extremely limited as well.
4	I enjoyed my first meal at Wicked Spoon after reading and hearing about what it had to offer for several months. We had a party of about 25 on a Saturday night before hitting The Chandelier bar at The Cosmopolitan. Some of the things I enjoyed was the roasted bone marrow which I spread on some challah bread & topped with a sprinkling of sea salt flakes. The combination was so sacrilegious but oh so damn tasty. Yumm. I had seconds so that was double the sin. I also liked the different salumi & other deli meats that you could pair with various crackers & cheese. The batter fried squid on a stick was delicious. The pan fried chow mein had good flavor. The furukake covered shrimp balls was mighty tasty. The lettuce cups filled with bamboo shoots and char siu pork in asian spices was also quite tasty.For dessert, I liked the salted caramel macarons which we thought was all out and it gave the females in the group a lightweight anxiety attack. Thankfully, 10 minutes later they reloaded. Wheww! Crisis averted. The standard coconut macaroons were also good. I really enjoyed the apple cobbler. It was still warm and tasted great. The miniature eclairs were just ok. I thought they would be better. Wicked Spoon is good. I recommend it. I like the different spin on the typical Vegas all-you-can-eat buffets. There was so much food to choose from that it's a little overwhelming at first. Service was good. They were always on top of clearing away our plates, refilling our drinks and offering us coffee at the end of the meal. The customer service of the waitstaff was really good. Would I go to Wicked Spoon again?? Yes. I definitely would.
5	I've eaten at most of the better buffets in Las Vegas over the years (Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Rio, Caesars, Mirage, Wynn, Paris and others) and I would rate the Wicked Spoon very highly. The main difference between the Wicked Spoon and other high-end buffets is the way they present the food. For the most part, each entree is prepared tapas style and served on a small plate or pan. You won't find the mountains of food on display like other buffets. Personally I liked this method and found that each entree was better prepared than at most other buffets where the entree is typically served in a large pan and you scoop up as much as you want.The downside of this method is that the large plate that they give you is not an even multiple of the smaller plate which means that it's fairly awkward to put a few small plates on the larger plate. Also, at some of the stations the small plates sit on a warming plate and they can get a bit hot to pick up.I thoroughly enjoyed the first dinner that I ate here, especially at the bargain price of $40. The entrees were very well prepared and I was very impressed with the quality and variety. A very nice selection of up-scale dishes were available. The salads and desserts were plentiful and beautiful as well. What you won't find is ordinary dishes which was fine with me but might be a problem if you bring your kids and they're looking for fried chicken or other basic dishes.I liked the place to much that I returned the next day for brunch for $23 and many of the dinner items were also available but several breakfast items were added. The brunch entrees were not prepared as well as the dinner items were, IMHO. I almost passed on the pancakes and french toast after a couple of disappointing entrees but found them to be some of the best I've ever had.Overall they seem to prepare dishes with rich and robust flavors which I really like. They are certainly not the largest buffet in Vegas but one of the best if you're more into quality than quantity. Worth a visit if you're looking for something different. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
2	This place is overrated!Service: three stars. The server was nice but was busy with other tables so we ended up being neglected for a while.Food: two stars: nothing but ordinary. However the presentation for buffet food was quite creative. They had salad in small bowls, a big glass bottle of water for each table instead of the server pouring from their pitchers. The only things we liked were their water and pistachio ice cream. Overall, almost $45 per person with that quality and the varieties of food is so NOT worth it.
5	Everything was so good. It's pricier than others casino buffets but completely worth the price difference in the quality of food and the quantity they have to offer. They have a Mac and cheese station where you pick out what veggies, meat and cheese you want in it and they make it in front of you and put it in a cute serving bowl. Everything is already in serving bowls or plates when you go and get it. They had sushi and a gelato bar also.
5	Best buffet I have ever seen better than  fancy  restaurant
3	We went to the Wicked Spoon with high expectation, but unfortunately we were disappointed. The food is just OK. For the money you pay, it is not worth going there. We will stick to the buffet at the Bellagio, which is so much better and worth the money.
4	I really enjoyed myself at the Wicked Spoon. For comparisons sake, I also went to the Bellagio's buffet for dinner. We dropped by 8pm on a Saturday to find a long line to get seated, ended up waiting for almost 50 minutes. Adult dinner was $41, children was about $27. Wicked Spoon has the standard buffet fares like prime rib, pastas, etc. Where it differs is presentation and "speciality" items. Some of the exceptional highlights:-BIY Mac N Cheese bar. Delicious. Various meats (including shrimp) that you could add. -Pastas and whatnot served in miniature, single-serving sized pots. Uber cute. -Variety of ethnic foods: Mexican, east Indian-Fun arrangement of desserts. Gelato, macarons, and exceptional cobbler among my favorites. The custard boob thing was definitely the dessert. The cons:-Sushi was not good. -Seafood selection wasn't particularly big or tasty. -Getting seated in one of the U-booths was a PITA. Wicked Spoon has a more upscale atmosphere than Bellagio's buffet. It definitely feels more special and "Vegas-y". Between the two, I'd send you to Wicked Spoon if it's your only buffet visit. Highly recommended!
4	SO, the story of how we ended up here is that I was specifically craving SNOW CRAB. Not King crab, not crab, and whatever else crab is out there in the market. It was the only place that had snow crab so we went at 2:30p.m. to get in for the lunch time on a Sunday. Shockingly, the wait was only 30 minutes or so. It was nothing like the bachanal line that was about 2 hours. The food was alright, and the dinner was okay too. The food wasn't as good as Bachanal, but the dessert was definitely way better. I'm not sure if I'll be going back here, but I def think it is worth a try.  I did eat a ton of snow crabs though...
4	We came here the other day for dinner and yay the lines weren't long!  The prices were really really decent considering it is a Las Vegas buffet. $40 a person? Can't get much better! With that being said, they have a nice, tasty variety of food although they don't have as much as the other buffets. They only have snow crab as a seafood option as well as other tapa style options (ex. shrimp ceviche, blacked tuna..that sorta thing). So if you're looking for AYCE seafood, skip out on this place. All the food here is done and served tapa style so you'll have to make several trips considering you can only fit so many little plates on a large plate. Most of the food I tried, I loooved! My favorite? Thai tea ice cream! Yumssss
4	A solid buffet. It was my birthday so we decided to hit this place for brunch. I've read and heard positive things about this buffet so I decided to give this place a whirl. They have mini pots of gourmet Mac and cheese, tapas inspired servings of everything, kalbi ribs, their mashed potatoes were excellent.   Their buffet is split up into a variety of food stations, a meat station, an asian station (with Japanese, Chinese and Korean) Mexican, "American station, a section for salads, Italian, seafood, and an anti pasti bar. They have bone marrow at their meat station, which I'm not really into but everyone else seems to love. Had some sushi, wasn't particularly great but not bad either... they did have goat cheese panna  cotta, a  pretty tasty ceviche and mini crab knuckles, everything is served in teeny tiny bowls, which I appreciate... And I loved that they had a variety of kale and quinoa salads. They had a pretty dessert station but they didn't have macarons much to my chagrin. The pictures in yelp seem to show a bunch of different desserts, none of which were actually at the station. Sigh. I did have a good solid meal.... It's kind of pricey, but then what isn't in vegas? Def a great buffet- must visit when you're in town!
4	Came here with family for breakfast with a 2 for 1 coupon. Great deal that we found in the coupon booklets United airlines passed out.Food was good, but the lunch items that came out looked even better. Too bad I was way to full to even try.  Highlights are fresh juices, omelette station, real bacon at the carving station and the desserts- chocolate covered strawberries and gelato!
5	I went here for brunch and wow! Let me tell you. This place is mops! First of all it's only $27 a head for a wonderful buffet on da strip. Inside da cosmopolitan on da strip. It has everything from a omelette station to a full one ice cream parlor. They have a great selection. From sushi to meats. I liked the smoked salmon it was so good. I also got da seafood saffron which was good. Can't go wrong with clams or shrimp. Omelette station is good, has a variety of selection to put in your omelette. There was a bit dessert selection. They have a whole ice cream showcase which one of da workers will serve you. They also have dark chocolate dipped strawberries with either Oreo or Heath bar crumbs. Good! If your on da strip and want a good place. Go eat at the wicked spoon! You won't go regret it!
5	Buffets are a true part of Las Vegas culture. Whether it be from the old town Vegas from the likes of The Golden Nugget to the heights of the new strip at the Bellagio, the buffet is a must visit in between the gambling & drinking...In saying this, The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan is a must. From the decor within restaurant, to the cute little little ways of serving their food & most of all the quality of the food. You may be paying a little more than your average Las Vegas buffet, however your taste buds will thank you for that little extra on you credit card. You name it, you can virtually get it at the Wicked Spoon, however be prepared to lose your wife & kids to the dessert bar...
5	Since there's already 3500+ reviews, there's not much I can add except to say WS is my favorite buffet ahead of Bacchanel and the buffets at Aria, Bellagio, and Wynn. The sense I got from other reviews was that Bacchanel overtook WS as the best buffet in Vegas...I don't think thats true, despite being a fan of Bacchanel as well.
1	I do not know. .first time..i may come.back.I suppose it starts with the entry.. As we were paying  the 40 dollars per person, the lady at the cash register was rude.Behind the counter is what distracted, talking, and everything but being nice to the customers... It doesn't matter for the buffet, or high end restaurant, a customer needs to be treated with respect.. That was not the case at all.Additionally, missing was thank you for being our customer.. They never think anybody for anything..Servicw inside  the restaurant, we're no good.. Eventually got a guy called Robert, who was excellent.. But the rest of the service was terrible..The food flavor was mediocre at best.. Nothing special. .Last..attached picture showed somerhing to eat..kt does not looke food..it looks  loke q coiled  snake or worse yetm..you know..
5	I don't really like to go to buffet but since I am in Las Vegas, I think I should give it a try. Sure enough, the food was amazing.
4	I think I gained 10 lbs from the Wicked Spoon alone. I loved the wide assortment of absolutely everything from appetizing sides to delicious snow crab legs to braised short ribs to amazing desserts.....and must have gotten 5-6 places that I absolutely demolished. #fattyforlifeHaving checked out the Wynn buffet along with several other class Vegas buffets, I'll have to say that this one rivals the Bacchanal Buffet as one of Vegas' best.
4	After having a disappointing experience at Bacchanal, we did not have high hopes for Wicked Spoon.  However, Wicked Spoon was able to change our minds about Las Vegas buffets.We went on a Sunday evening around 4-5pm.  Very nicely decorated and the atmosphere felt more like a restaurant than a typical Las Vegas buffet.  They definitely don't have as many options as other buffets, but the quality of their food was better than other buffets.  For example, they had a roast pork belly (best dish imo) where the crackling was...welll...deliciously crackling.  Their roasted root vegetables were delicious as well (simple, yet the texture of each vegetable was cooked to perfection.  So good that I kept going up for it).  Their mashed potatoes and potatoes gratin were the epitome of comfort food. Their dessert section was also very good.  Their mango gelato tasted exactly like a ripe mango.  and OMG THEIR CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES.  I am NOT a fan of chocolate covered strawberries, but their chocolate covered strawberries were SO DELICIOUS!!  Whoever made the chocolate strawberries must have done a lot of thinking because they were P-E-R-F-E-C-T.  The crispy chocolate shell...the crunchy heath bits...the perfectly ripe strawberries.  If you are not a fan (like I was), your mind will be completely BLOWN by these. If I'm ever back in Las Vegas, I definitely want to come back to visit the Wicked Spoon.
4	Wicked Spoon is like a buffet on steroids. There are just far too many options to choose from! We got an early start so when we arrived it was pretty empty.I always start with breakfast items so I had bites of cinnamon rolls, eggs, bacon and fruit. There are about 20-30 stations which ranged from fruit to omelettes to soup to hand carved meats. Shrimp cocktail was a big hit! The buffet price included drinks such as coffee and juices.I also loved the dessert area! The gelato was a big hit. So why 4 stars? Items kept changing when running low, not replenished. So when I thought I had tried everything I wanted new stuff appeared. That frustrated me.
3	Heard A LOT of good things about this place but somehow I don't seem what all the good rants about this place where. I came with high expectations due to the fact that friends and colleagues but they have come to disappoint me in Las Vegas. We came around 1 so it was considered to be the brunch time. It was majority breakfast food with some salads, and other lunch options. But what I ca say was good was their chicken wings, saian chow meain and fried rie, the alfredo pasta, and the calamari skewer. Everything else was just plain jane to my eyes and my stomach. All my friends know that i'm a huge dessert fanatic so I went big on the dessert bar, but I only find just a mere of the plates appealing and taste worthy. The chocolate dipped strawberries, cheesecake and the thai ice cream were my favorites out of my whole plate! THE THAI TEA ICE CREAM IS THE ONLY REASON WHY I GAVE THEM AN EXTRA STAR! IT is a must try for all my thai tea lovers out there! Just your average buffet for about $30 a person with a okay food, with an exception of a great dessert which was in fact the thai tea ice cream!
5	Probably the best buffet on the Las Vegas strip. Wicked Spoon is a bit on the high end of the buffets - $37 for the buffet and in the higher $40s for the option with champagne / alcohol. There are plenty of options - hot breakfast, various variety of meats, sushi and desert. The place can get packed but the line tends to more pretty fast. Highly recommended.
3	I love their pistachio ice cream
5	Very delicious. Lots of varieties from american, mediterrean, asian and japanese. Equisite food choices from quail eggs, anchovie, cous cous, crab legs, clams, oysters, steak, curry lamb, salmon...etcDessert was just as fabulous. The bottle water had no smell or after taste. A must try if you are in Vegas.
3	It's fancy enough, but the selection is just ok. As a vegitarian I found my options limited, and what was available wasn't amazing. :( Our server was inattentive, and often MIA. I'd skip it next time, there are better places to eat for $40+ per person!
5	one of the best buffets in vegas!!!  1st time here, wont be the last.  unlike the "more buffet", which serves 3 flavors of slop for dinner, along with hockey puck biscuits, and h2o..
5	As buffets go the Wicked Spoon at the cosmopolitan hotel is the best of the best of the best There are so many small unique dishes it's like it never ends. I love the shrimp with grits what a great gift. I also love the ceviche, the crab legs, and of course the sushi. Okay let's get to the deserts omg like 100 choices including the sorbets and ice cream, every item was better than the last even sugar free items, the melted molten chocolate pan was superb I am taking my best buddy Ron Jeremy there for his b day in March Wicked Spoon will lose money that day .
4	One of the best buffets on the strip. I like the tomato shots. Bone marrow delicious. A lot of good variety and very decent tasting. Ice cream bar to top it off with elegant flavors not just the generic flavors.
4	This is a pretty good casino buffet. It's a little pricey, but if you get the membership reward, it's not as bad.I went for Sunday brunch - the line was pretty long, but moved quickly.The selection of food was good. I loved how most of the selections came in their own mini serving dishes. (Tiny sauce pans!? Adorable!) There was a wide variety of cuisines and all tasted pretty good.Even though I barely had room - I had to get some sweets. The dessert selection did not disappoint. There was a lot to choose from and all of it was tasty enough. I loved the tiny tarts and pieces of cake.
4	Definitely one of the better buffets in Vegas and probably the best one on the strip.  It's located inside the Cosmopolitan hotel and everything in there is just extravagant and this buffet is no exception.  We came here last month and paid $40 a head for dinner.  We arrived at 5:00pm on a Saturday just before the dinner rush, so we didn't wait at all.The food setup isn't setup like your standard buffet.  Instead of putting all dishes in a large tray for people to scoop out of, there are individual servings set aside in cups or dishes that you put on your plate.  The downside to this idea is that you are really limited on what you can put on your plate and most people will come back to their table with 2-3 plates.Some of our favorites were the ahi poke salad, prime rib, the mac n cheese bar (choose the fillings and they'll make it in front of you), sushi, bone marrow, al pastor tacos, crab legs, and fried chicken. There is a huge selection of food at this buffet from all types and cultures of food.  The dessert section is huge and they have a gelato section where someone will scoop gelato for you in a cup.  Unfortunately, no creme brulee (my fave dessert!).We really liked it here and definitely would consider coming back again.
4	The line here is ridic and the food may not be worth it.  However, they do not rush you at all once seated.  Two hours of bottomless mimosas is certainly worth every $$.  They even gave us drinks to go which was fantastic! (though did not help my gambling)To break it down: the food all comes on smaller plates, sort of tapas style brunch.  I was really happy with the breakfast options though thought the Asian cuisine was pretty poor.  The pizza was awful.  The gelato was the bomb and best option there.  I did not try the soup though think that could have been nice.  The best things, in my opinion, that you should make an effort to get are the following: short rib benedict, one of the pastas, lox, gelato, jalapeno corn dish.  If you are hungry, this is a place you can get the most bang for your buck --- just don't plan to head to the pool afterwards!
4	Four stars because we ate here the day after the Bacchanal Buffet. It's kind of like having the Rolling Stones open for the Beatles. Both are excellent, but way different experiences. Everyone knows you close with the Stones. Wicked Spoon is the Beatles to this experience. You feel warm, satisfied,  and even euphoric. You can almost hear Dear Prudence as you float from one tasting station to the other. It's a nice intro to Sympathy for the Devil you'll hear at Bacchanal. Both are excellent, but timing is everything.
2	Wicked Spoon used to be one of our favorite buffets to visit while in Vegas.  They used to have exotic meats and flavorful dishes unique from other establishments on the strip.  I visited the buffet a couple days ago and was severely disappointed in number of ways.The Cosmo decided the original price of the buffet wasn't high enough and have raised their dinner prices to $47 a person.  The price hike wasn't a huge deal as long as they improved their food selections and kept it unique.  Rather, what we saw were dry prime rib, flavorless shrimp balls and lots of generic foods you'd find at any buffet up and down the strip.  The place lost its exotic foods they once had.  Going forward, we'll probably skip this buffet as its no longer special and the increase in price really caused a decrease in quality.  Cosmo management screwed up what was once a great place to eat and made it mediocre and bland.
2	This place is not really mediocre, it's actually pretty bad...With the high reviews, you would imagine that this place is actually good, but no.I went there on Labor Day weekend, during lunch time.The line was unbearable, due to the holiday season and there were no express lines at this place.Selection was limited to none, there was no crab legs, no lobsters, I understand it's lunch hours, but at least there should be some premium food but there were none.Go to Bacchanal Buffet, it's a lot more worth it, especially considering the price range.
3	$20 to-go box!We didn't want to spend the money to sit in the restaurant and stuff our faces, so we decided to take advantage of the $20 to-go box (you fill up your box as much as you can). We were happy with our decision. Wicked Spoon does not have as many selections compared to other buffets and I felt that the quality of the food was mediocre. To list out some of their options: king crab legs, pizza variations, sushi, ethnic foods, dessert, etc., but none of the flavors stood out to me. We were fortunate enough to not have to deal with a line but we did notice during meal time that the line was horrendous. If you want to try this buffet, I'd say to go with the to-go box and take sample portions.
5	Came here with my gf last Monday for lunch and there wasn't a long line. We were seated right away. I've tried the Kim chee bone marrow, Prime Rib, and sushi and it was very delicious! Prime rib tasted wonderful it reminded me of House of Prime in San Francisco but in a thin cut way. Meat was tender and flavorful. I love how this place has unlimited mimosa during lunch time!   I'd come back again if we ever get a chance to have another vacation in Vegas. This is a must go place to eat!
2	Silly me for not analyzing their reviews better. Over 3500 reviews and 3 1/2 stars, what was I thinking. I was thinking I wanted to spend 80 bucks for 2 at an overrated, overpriced, under flavored buffet. This place is all hype I do not know what anybody finds appealing about this place. Your basically paying for presentation, everything is in cute little pans or baskets and Chinese take out boxes Why?!?!? I'm here to eat,  not get dried up rice in a takeout box. And the pizza was the worst I ever had, little Caesars is way better than that grease dough. Their customer service sucks from the hostess in front to the rude guys behind the food counters. Stay away people remember all those reviews and they barely have three stars. So why 2 stars? The chocolate cookie and their bottled water was very good.
4	Not a big fan of buffets as rather eat 3 well cooked smaller courses.  This place turns the buffet 90 degrees as though it still offers unlimited food and has the common unlimited crab legs which were a bit too cold.  It also has plenty of tapas size dishes which allows one to use portion control and to sample many dishes. I am glad I did have option to try 9 dishes as a couple of them fell flat like the mushroom carbonara.  I did not finish that dish but almost went back for seconds of the shrimp with grits.  Not worth the 47 dollars but I got a buy one get one free coupon on my united flight in which brought down price for 3 people to 33 per person which was more like its true worth.  The service gives this place its 4 stars as had to wait forever to get refill of drinks and we were moved right after being sat down.
4	Ok this is second only to caesars buffet, IMO.  Great variety, good quality, just a really good buffet!
3	This place is expensive considering how mediocre the food is. It's a notch better from average buffets around that aren't on the strip, but it's only because they make their food look nice lol. It's pretty cool how they portion out their food so a lot of it doesn't go to waste and you can actually keep track of how many servings you intake, but I mean, that's about it. One of my friends told me to visit this place because it was one of the "better" buffets, but I have to say, I was disappointed. The wait was long. I won't be back because I wouldn't want to wait an hour or more and pay a great deal for food that isn't worth a great deal. 3 stars for the gelato though. At least they got that right.
5	Not overrated AT ALL.Everything you could ever want is here. Very clean, and nice atmosphere. Food is presented well and tastes as good as it looks.
5	This buffet has all the amazing treats you want:- Some of the best congee ever! Only served during brunch and they even serve the fried donuts with it!- polenta dishes- bone marrow, such a treat!- extensive desert bar, complete with gelato. Try the Thai tea!- they serve great cold crab legs during dinner- omelet bar- plenty of meats like cured ham, roast beef, and fried chicken!- delicious pork fried rice!- salad bar with lots of different choices such as kale salad, watermelon with Sriracha, wedge with blue cheese, the list goes on!Only drawback is they don't have as much seafood as other buffets, but the other food definitely makes up for this!
1	Food was good but 90% sure I got food poisoning from eating here.Throwing up not once, not twice, but 3 times is never fun.Try anywhere else.
5	I been to buffets and I've been to BUFFETS! Wicked Spoon is the latter! This was my first time here and I have to say that the quality of food is phenomenal.  I went on a Saturday evening and it wasn't that crowded..yet. Our party of five got seated really quickly. However it's a bit of a walk to get to and find as it's pretty much on the other side of the casino on the second floor beyond Marquee (nice and quiet), just follow the signs and you should be fine.As for the food, there is so much variety ranging from Chinese to Japanese to American.  What's really cool is the plating and presentation of the food. It's a bit cumbersome and I have to wonder, how do I fit this tiny dish on my regular dish piled already with food. Well you can either balance it or come back for another round, especially if your plate is filled with the prime rib and crab legs!The desserts are really good.  I sampled all the pretty looking ones, and the flavor is amazing. The gellato bar is also highly recommended as well. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas, both in terms of quality of food and presentation. Delicious duck, lamb, and a wonderful array of desserts.
5	100% this is the best buffet in Vegas.  A trillion awesome food choices,  $35 with all you can drink mimosas. Service was outstanding. I loved this place,  we will return on our next trip.
4	I was devirginized here on my last trip to Vegas with my girls. People were telling me it's comparable to Bacchus at Caesar's, but I wouldn't know. Next time, people, next time. Sad to say, but we came here on a major club night, Saturday, and when we expected to be confonted with a two-hour wait, uh, no. We were the first in line, wait, there was no line. Everyone was at the club! COOL!I took my buffet fill and did what I could. My favorite was the roasted bone marrow. HELLA GOOD!!! I felt so guilty, but SO WHAT, I'm in SIN CITY, yalls! They had some other stuff I stuffed my face in, but this was by far my favorite!$45 per person? In Vegas for a buffet? Cash baby, cash. Cheaper than I expected!
4	We dined here on 11/10 for dinner as VIP guests.  We didn't bother going to the VIP line as the line was short enough for us, no hurry.  What a great experience over all.  The decor is hip fresh contemporary with a great flow, lighting and super cool staff.  We arrived during happy hour and let me tell you...this is the only place in Vegas where one can get a premium cocktail ($5) and a glass of Rodney Strong chard ($8) for those prices.  Amazing!  So, the choices for that evening where expectedly immense.  Not worth covering it all here, but suffice to say you will be satisfied from beginning to end...if you can make it that far!  Enjoy!
5	I did a lot of research about buffets here on Yelp and while it was difficult decide on which to choose, we're glad we came to The Wicked Spoon.I really like the style of the Wicked Spoon, most food is served in individual serving dishes so it is easy to have a nice portion without having the big troughs of food.We came for brunch on a Sunday. The eggs benedict were good, the bacon was good, too. I liked the tomato and watermelon juice served in individual bottles. The fried chicken was good in individual fry baskets.One of us paid the premium to get unlimited bloody may's for two hours, you can't go wrong there!The gelato bar can't be missed, though there were a lot of little cakes and desserts that I found it easy to miss. I passed on the Congee, too Some dishes could have been refilled a bit faster for my liking and the omlette chefs were a little too busy being social with other diners to take my order. Even brunch is no steal, but I guess none of the buffets on The Strip are any more. But it is a very nice place, beautifully decorated, modern restaurant tucked back on the second floor of The Cosmopolitan, away from the Strip.
4	Wicked Spoon is a ginormous Vegas buffet, but I think it has more interesting and high-quality food than many. Other reviewers have covered the basics, so I'll stick to the good stuff:The fried chicken wings are awesome. They come two to a little wire basket and taste like they were ripped from the back of an angel instead of a chicken. Maybe an angelic chicken.The Asian food in general is very good, with the exception of the fried rice (too dry). I think they also do a nice job thinking broadly about "Asian" food, including Korean and Vietnamese items alongside more common Chinese and Japanese dishes.The gelato bar is a must. Every flavor is fantastic. Ask for a waffle bowl to hold your scoops.You may want to wear elastic-waist pants.
2	This place is so highly rated, I had to give it a try....disappointing experience I'd have to say :-(  the food all looked delicious, but unfortunately looks is where it stops.  Taste just like any other vegas buffet if not worse.  I would say - not worth the wait or $, plenty of choices out there, especially you are in Vegas!
4	Came here for brunch and it was a nicechange to my usual visit to Bachannal and the other buffets covered by the 24 hour pass. eggs bennedict was better than Bachannal and I was pleasantly surprised to find bone marrow here, which was quite tasty, along with the "wicked" juice. I was too stuffed to get a good sample of everything, but I did leave satisfied. Service and ambiance was top-notch. However, if you're looking for quality seafood (especially shrimp cocktails and mussels) or a large selection before dinner, Bachannal is still your choice. But in terms of higher end buffets on the strip, you can't go wrong with the wicked spoon, particularly  if you enjoy the cosmopolitans modern/artsy attitude.
1	Worst service ever from a server named, Lisa. You'd think at a $30 buffet, some form of liquid would be brought to the table in under a half hour. I've been waiting for my second orange juice for 45 minutes. This is a joke. We'll never be returning here. Food is good but service, at least from this horrible host, is awful. She shouldn't be working here. It's not even crowded...
5	This is my favorite buffet place in Vegas and here's why:Food display - The appetizers, entrees, desserts are each individually served in their own little bowls or containers. Even though it's still mass produced, the feel is like it's a high class specialty restaurant where you serve yourself, and each dish was thoughtfully put together for you.Variety & Quality - We're talking bone marrow, fig appetizers by the salad, sushi, crab legs, prime rib, dim sum, gnocchi, shepherd's pie, bbq pork sandwiches made with steam bao, and even a custom mac & cheese bar!  Really something here for everybody, even for those who don't like buffets because they think the quality sucks. The quality of the food is better than some restaurants. Yup!Desserts - This is one of their biggest selling points, the perfect end to a wonderful meal.  They have beautiful pastries including macaroons and a gelato bar which is incredible!  Numerous varieties of cheesecakes and sugar free items too.  Just an awesome display that looks like a display advertising a French cake shop or a movie set.Overall, it's such a good foodie experience here it doesn't compare well with other Vegas buffets.  It's more like a fine tasting event where you get to go back for the food you really liked, and there's plenty of that.
3	Likes:  Individual mini-plates that are both beautiful and tastyGluten-Free dessert optionsVariety - they had a carving station, sushi, salads, cheeses and dried fruits, hot crab legs pre-split, soups, and so much more!Dislikes: Price, I expected more unique items for the price.  I mean, fried rice in little Chinese take out boxes? Come on.
2	Food was great but all of the bottles of champaign we received were expired. One was a year old! Not ok.
4	This place was great. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan so it was almost a given to give this place a try. I love the idea that they had items on individual small plates to separate them from some of the main dishes. There were a lot of selection on the food choices and the dessert was delicious, plus they have gelato.!!
3	With much expectations I visited here while staying over in Cosmopolitan.  Sunday dinner line was a bit long even though I saw lots of empty tables. The food isn't what I thought it would be. Some of the meats were really dry. Avoid the crab legs as they tasted like water down defrosted legs. Living in MD did raise my standards on seafood. Most of the food is contained in little metal or glass containers and looks good to eat but the taste isn't what I thought it would be.
4	My girlfriend and I drove out to Vegas for her 21st birthday.  We had heard about the Wicked Spoon about 8 months prior to this trip, so we were really excited to finally be able to eat here!  We were most definitely not disappointed.  The majority of the food, which was served on smaller, portion sized plates, was very well cooked.  The maple chestnut risotto and the ahi tuna slices were absolutely fantastic!  The wicked fried chicken was also extremely delicious!  There were a couple of dishes that weren't quite up there in quality, such as the fried rice and most of the Mexican food section.  The service was great through!  Always a full glass on our table!The standout of the meal, however, was the dessert section by far.  There were so many options, but the gelato and chocolate raspberry tarts were fantastic!  Even the peach cobbler was delicious!  We will definitely be visiting again on our next trip out to the strip!
4	Ba-ba-ba-ba-BOMB! I went by myself and ate like a fat kid. I ordered the unlimited drinks because well, it's $12 for one bloody mary, or $12 for unlimited! That Hong was a feisty fellow too, always trying to refill my drink glass. The chestnut risotto was delicious, as was the beet salad and sundried tomatoes. Quite the lovely brunch spread, and at $27 per person, pretty damn affordable too.
3	Not as good as before but still solid.  Go for the meat and dessert.  The wait times are decent and the staff attentive and efficoent.  Meat is the star.  Prime rib, roast pig, N.Y. steak and bone marrow all good.  The crab was tasteless.  Many of the dished seemed overcooked, especially the shellfish.  Sushi bar was forgettable with 3 options and 2 being california rolls.  Decor and ambiance is decent if basic.  Dessert had many options with some very creative ideas and most of them tasty.  I like the macaroons and gelato bar.
4	Pretty good. The food was unique. Most everything I tried tasted good. The dessert options are good too. I left satisfied. Great customer service and a reasonable price.
3	In the battle of the buffets, weekday lunch at Wicked Spoon was weak y'all. Half was it was wimpy brunch stuff and the other half was a less-than-impressive assortment of entrees. I'd been to Bacchanal a couple of days before, so coming to Wicked Spoon felt like a complete downgrade. For the price, the selections seemed pretty limited. Once upon a time, Wicked Spoon was considered the reigning champ of all-you-can-eat, but it's time for them to step aside.
4	Wide variety. Real sushi (not a lot), not fake salmon. Lines are a given unless u go 30 minutes b4 closing at lunchtimes. Flora up at the front area taking our $$ was very friendly and gave us some advice for the Black Friday event at the outlet mall (kudos!).
5	Brunch was great here!! Desserts were excellent ... Food was super good... Of course wait time was a bit long but it's worth it !!!
4	By far the best buffet in Vegas.  The food selection is unique and huge, but also has the buffet staples, so it truly is a perfect balance.  Hot, cold, desserts all are great, the only drawback to the big selection is that when there are times that don't get taken, they sit there for a long time and you can taste that.  It is the most I've spent on a buffet in Vegas, but it was worth it.
4	My family and I went here yesterday for their Thanksgiving Brunch buffet.   It was about an hour wait, but if you are a Gold or Platinum Marriott rewards member (and you get a nice discount as well), it gets you through the line faster.  We waited about 10 minutes after we paid.  The selection of items was incredible.  They had a lot of breakfast, lunch, and dinner selections.  I had some of the normal thanksgiving fare... the turkey was great.  The chestnut stuffing was amazing.  The sweet potatoes were incredible.  My two complaints were the mashed potatoes were extremely lumpy and the lumps were big.   And I could not find any cranberry sauce.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection.  They had some amazing Maple Chestnut Risotto.  They had some great salt-n-vinegar fingerling potatoes.  But the dessert station was incredible.   I had pumpkin cheesecake, a strawberry dipped in chocolate and Oreo crumbs, the best pistachio gelato I've ever had and some great blood orange sorbetti.  The service was great.  It was very clean.  The food was good and you could tell it was good quality.  It was a small step down from the Bachannal, but not by much.  It was a great choice.
5	Best buffet I have ever been to! A little pricey. But worth every penny. The presentation alone is amazing. Food was delicious! Ceviche was incredible. The mini carnita tacos were delicious, full of flavor. Pumpkin cheesecake was the best I've had. Our server was incredibly friendly and was quick to take care of us. I would definitely come back!
3	Good food but the crab legs are so skinny... Everything else was OK   GO TO THE WYNN INSTEAD
3	I guess I would have to agree with the 3-star review after having tried Bacchanal Buffet during the same trip.I liked the presentation at Wicked Spoon, but it felt like they kind of hid behind their presentation more and made it as an excuse to have ok food. I didn't think anything here was amazing, worthwhile eating or even really deserved my stomach space after the first bite. I liked that I got to try everything, and everything was small, neatly packaged and very "cute" ... but that's about it.They had many gluten-free options, so I suppose this is a good buffet for those with a gluten intolerance? The wait was nonexistent on a week day, of course, but I imagine if I paid full price for this place I would think it's just ok. Their coffee cups are nice, and the staff are friendly but again nothing particularly outstanding about this place.
3	Typical vegas buffett. Nothing special and nothing worth remembering.Out of the ordinary offerings were bone marrow and 5-spiced pork belly. But they were all disappointments flavorwise.  Their king crab legs are sliced sooooooo thin it makes the Wicked Spoon look too much like bean counters. $48 for adults and $18 for kids age 5 to 10. At least the decor is upscale and the seating is spacious.
4	*Late review* Went to vegas for my birthday in October... ironically there were nooo good places to eat out here on the strip (in my opinion). Now this buffet was okay...great displays and decor.  Everything is served in individual servings and you get a wide variety of everything. The servers were quick and friendly. The mac and maroons were my fav.. ohh and the gelato bar overall the food was good, not omg amazing.... it was just good. Lol I must say i had alot of fun here.
5	This is the best buffet I ever been in vegas! My hubby & I are In love with this place! They have a huge variety of food, salad & dessert! Food are fresh & so yummy. Very nice atmosphere & great service. Desserts are delicious as food. You don't really want leave! Hehe ...we asked for tea after we filled our belly server came with two nice cup of mighty leaf tea witch Is my favorite & cute container of honey. I wish I could give them more than 5 star! I have to say thank you 4 your best service. You guys need more than 5 star! Excellent
4	This place has amazing food selections. My favorite part, of course, was dessert. I love their ice cream selection. I also loved the fact that their portions are small. I could sample a lot more plates and explore different flavors. The best time to eat here is during brunch. They offer such an amazing brunch selection and always have fresh fruits.To add the cherry on top, my husband is in the Air Force so we got a military discount. I believe the discount was 15 or 25% off the total bill. (Sorry, I'm not sure of the exact discount) Overall, this place has a relaxing modern flare, good food selections, and friendly professional service.
4	I love Wicked Spoon!They have a lot of unique dishes! I love the fact that a lot of the dishes were portioned out smaller, so I was able to try everything without getting super full! The bone marrow was awesome, just melted in my mouth. The little chinese take out boxes were not only delicious, but incredibly cute!! The fried chicken was pretty good and came in a little basket. My favorite was the dessert! They had my favorite, macaroons! And chocolate molten lava cake! Everything was DELICIOUS!The service was great and we were seated super close to the food! We did wait in line for a little while, but worth the wait. Can't wait to return! Next week maybe? :D
5	I love this place! I've been to Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon and both are amazing... But as for experience, i take wicked spoon! No line at all for a Sunday night. Fast and great service. And the food is such high quality and unique and just so tasty!At bacchanal it's a very crowded and way too many separate rooms and walkways where dining tables are in the middle can be a little chaotic! But wicked spoon has a simple and elegant layout where it's spaced out and you can relax and eat.The sausage at wicked spoon btw is so juicy and amazing! I also loves the goat cheese with poached pear :) I definitely want to come back!
4	This is a popular buffet in Vegas. Here's how it goes: Get in line to pay. Pay for your food. Get in line to be seated. Overall took about 30 minutes to be seated.Service - Once you're seated the service is great. The waiters who bring you drinks and clear your plates were all very friendly and quick.Location - In the Cosmopolitan. Lots of room inside. Didn't seem crowded at all. There was a bit of a line for the crab legs, but other than that there were no lines for any of the food.Food - Great. Lots of breakfast, lunch, and dinner food options. Lots of dessert options too! We came for lunch, so I'm sure there would be even more options and variety if you go for dinner.Drinks - Water, soda, and coffee are complimentary. Alcohol is not included. I wish mimosas were complimentary. Price - Expensive. Be prepared to spend some money. For lunch on the day after Thanksgiving it was $42 per person. I would definitely come back here again. In my opinion the food was better here than at the regular restaurants in Vegas.
3	We went to this buffet on Thanksgiving day.  We waited 1 1/2 hours to get in, as the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars had a 7 hour wait.  The food was decent.  I'm not really a buffet fan, but I thought they did a good job replacing the food even though it was crazy busy.  There is a nice variety and everything we tried was good.  I love the fact that most items came in small plates so there was less waste, especially if you didn't like something.I was disappointed there was no bone marrow available that day (unless I missed it).  I was looking forward to trying it in a low risk situation!  Do try the pork carnitas on a homemade tostada.  It is divine.
4	Didn't have to wait too long to get seated. On the outlook the food looks impressive but having had other buffets, I felt the food choice and taste was actually a little disappointing.
3	Went to the weekly dinner last week and paid for $38 per person + tax. The atmosphere, service, food presentation, and room decoration were way better than the typically $20 buffet you can find else where. But I'm hesitant to praise on the quality of the food, especially on sushi and mains. Both my friend and I agreed that the quality of the food served here is not as good as a decent restaurant, but the chef tried and overall it's a nice experience.
2	This buffet used to be awesome when it first opened, it had high quality stuff and tons of options. I went there recently and it tasted like a generic cheap-o buffet that Vegas is notoriously known for. Same stuff mostly, just cheaper and lower quality from what they previously provided. What was once great, has fallen. Pass.
1	Hi out there this place cuz there's one star because the food with old service bad and need not to say anymore try at your own risk
3	Came here for dinner buffet. No line to pay and waited about 20-30 to be seated.  This place is seriously overhyped.  The food selections are mostly Asian fusion-type fare and the selection is very limited.  For such a popular buffet, I was surprised about the lack of choices available especially during dinner time and I didn't particularly like anything I ate.  Honestly, this buffet is more like 2 stars.  I think atmosphere/decor of the place is very nice and trendy and the way most of the dishes are served in little containers is very cute so I bumped it up to 3 stars.  I don't regret trying this buffet out but I will not be returning.  The selection and quality for $40+ is not worth it to me. I will stick with Bacchanal as my go-to buffet for now!
5	I was lucky enough to not have to wait in a huge line for the buffet.  Saturday night at 8pm and we were let almost right in.  I loved how they displayed the food and it was yummy as well.  The desserts were amazing and our waiter kept the drinking flowing.  Great experience and would love to return.
5	You can't go wrong with Wicked Spoon for lunch or dinner for what they offer! Good for large groups as well. Dinner is more expensive but I would prefer lunch as they still have a lot of good dishes like prime rib, pork belly, bone marrow, sushi, seafood, etc. if you think about it, at a regular restaurant for a couple can go up to $150+ easy!! The service is good, the place is classy and not as busy as you would think. It's located deep in Cosmopolitan but they make you walk for the food you will eat. At least, they have bathrooms within the area and you don't have to go outside the restaurant...that is my pet peeve!This is a must try! This is my regular buffet place we head to when we visit Vegas. =}
4	I've tried most of the buffet places in the strip (bacchanal @caesers, Arias buffet, Bellagios buffet, Monte Carlos,.....) I still think wicked spoon is one of the best buffet wise.  Not as many varieties as bacchanal but quality wise the food is good.My suggestion go eat buffet for brunch. $10 cheaper than dinner price and go to a nice restaurant for dinner.  So many high end restaurants that you need to try at least one.
4	11/29/14: Came here for lunch.  I think it's one of the better Las Vegas buffets.For lunch:Meats: They had the usual high-end red meats--if I remember correctly, prime rib, top sirloin, and even steak-sliced bacon(!!!).  All of it was cooked perfectly medium-rare.  Juicy and tasty.  I think they also had various poultries but I didn't pay much attention to them.Vegetables: A variety of American stuff like yams and brussel sprouts.  They had some fancier stuff too, but I can't remember the names.Seafood: Yup, they had crab legs.  But I was a little disappointed with that selection--all of it was pretty thin with not much meat.  A lot of it was still frozen.  Not the best crab.  I think places like Bellagio / Wynn / etc. had much better seafood.  But it is nice they had it for lunch--many places only put that stuff out for dinner.  They had various other things like mussels but I avoided those having my share of... adventures... from eating bad ones.  And since we were gonna be going to Hakkasan at night, this was not the time to be having such adventures!Dessert: Not bad.  Some stand outs like a citrus pie-like thing with meringue topping, and a chocolate cone thingie.  But I think some of the other higher-end buffets like Bellagio have better desserts.Overall I was pleased.  I think of all the mid to high-end buffets in Vegas, this one is in the top 30% or so.  So, that deserves a 4/5.#buffet #ayce #vegasbuffet
4	Very good buffet,allot of great fancy selection of food and salad and desserts,buetiful design and decor,good service and friendly...
4	I'm typically not a fan of buffets but this one is great. The food is of higher quality than typical buffets with a ton of choices to please your palate. Service is friendly and attentive
4	I'm not a big buffet eater. I hardly ever get my money's worth when I eat at a buffet. That being said, I tried to get my money's worth at Wicked Spoon. They have a wide selection of delicious bites, including bone marrow! But one can only eat so much bone marrow before feeling like you've just been sucking the fat off a bone.. oh wait... I laid off most of the carbs wherever I could and set my sights on proteins prepared in different, interesting ways and then concluding with a rather large plate of desserts and gelato :) The food was definitely beautifully presented and quite filling. I won't be back for a year, so that should be enough time to forget how gluttonous the experience was :)
3	At $27 for brunch during the week, it's a little pricier than other places, such as Paris Buffet.  I came here with high expectations and left a little disappointed.  Arriving at 11AM there was no line.  The food was ready to go and looked like they had been sitting there for awhile, which I guess happens when there are not many diners.  Service was good and plates were cleared quickly and drinks refilled.  The food was so-so.  The egg mcmuffin thing (biscuit, egg, ham) was probably my favorite.  Pineapples were good, too, as they were sweet and not sour.  But overall, things did not seem too fresh or tasty. I wonder how things are here for dinner?
2	If the Wicked Spoon is the best buffet this town has to offer, I'm glad I won't be wasting my time on others (not that I'm in vegas much). Maybe because I'm not that into buffets in general- I highly prefer quality to quantity- but there really wasn't anything that impressed me. Here's what I tried and a review of each:Cheese: I'll start out that the cheese board was fine. So I ate a lot of cheese.Kale salad: I love kale but it was DROWNED in dressingBeets: Either out of a can or boiled beyond recognition. Bland and gross.Wild Boar with Asiago Gnocchi: I had high hopes on this one but it tasted- honest to god- like Chef Boyardee beefaroni. California roll: I did it, I tried sushi at a buffet and it was exactly what I expected- inedible.Shrimp cocktail: Edible, but so is shrimp cocktail from Walmart. At least the shrimp weren't bad.Goat Cheese Panna Cotta: Probably the only thing on the menu I'd go back for seconds on.Everything looked like it had been sitting under the heat lamps baking for hours. They seem to get credit for putting food in little containers, which only means they pay many  low-wage workers when perhaps they could just get better chefs and put things in a vat. My colleague said the chicken was good.2 stars because nothing made me ill and the servers were polite.
5	Great buffet I generally do not like buffets but the wicket spoon is great. The side dishes in there little pans and pots are great. They have a Mac and cheese bar as well as a desert bar. Usually 3 types of meats in skewers and a crab leg section. Overall good and no cross contamination
2	I came here for brunch yesterday and it was definitely a waste of time and money. The selection was very minimal. I was so excited to see green papaya salad here, but boy was I disappointed. It's definitely nothing like the real thing. There was no dim sum and the Asian foods that I did try were mediocre at best. While sushi from a sushi restaurant is always better, the sushi selection here was good compared to the sushi that I have tried at other buffets. The best thing here was the risotto and the poached egg on a toasted English muffin. The desserts were nice as well, but they were very similar to the things featured at the Bacchanal. The one thing that did stand out was the Thai tea gelato! YUM!
4	I thought this place was DELICIOUS! I was very impressed with the variety of food. I think I even liked it better than the buffet in the Bellagio. My favorite spot was the "build your own Mac and cheese bar." The Asian food was really delicious. The service department was kind of lacking, but I don't think I've ever had outstanding service at a buffet. I was pretty disappointed in my mojito. For $15 I expected something fabulous. The bartender used too much simple syrup and didn't meddle the mint. I really loved that they had gelato. It is my absolute favorite. Sadly they didn't have my favorite flavor (spumoni) so I settled for the Oreo cookie. Yummy! I enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries and some of the little cakes. Some desserts were just not my thing. But the glory of a buffet is trying on of everything!
2	Came here for brunch and eh, nothing really special. It seemed like any other buffet on the strip. They had variety of food but none of it was so good that I wanted to get a second serving. Would I recommend this place, probably not but I went during brunch, maybe dinner is something different...
4	So I tried this place after Bacchanal and the first thing that stood out to me was the price. This place is about $15 cheaper than the pace at Caesar's but the quality of food is definitely not any worse. The one downside, however, is that the variety is not nearly as plentiful. One of the memorable things that I noticed was the custom macaroni and cheese station as well as the dessert station. The macaroons was done correctly which is surprising for a buffet. Best thing of this joint....is wait for it...the service! I was sitting at a real far table from the food and still my glass of water was never empty. I was annoying enough to not wait for my waiter and instead of them bitching at me for saying I needed to wait he simply told my waiter for me. Small gesture but I really appreciated that.
4	Fat. Fat. Fatty. Fattyness. So fat. Fat. Fat. Fat. Die.That's how you feel when you eat here.  Much like all Las Vegas buffets, Wicked Spoon offers a huge variety of things to eat and you will eat until you feel like vomiting.  Or you can take a poop break mid-meal (like my husband) and continue on when your stomach creates more space.I filled up quickly on their mac-n-cheese bar, the pastas, and their pizza.  Luckily for me, I have two stomachs (like a cow.)  One for regular meals, and one for desserts.  They have a large dessert section at Wicked Spoon, complete with a gelato/sorbet bar.  So save room for dessert, if you don't have two stomachs like me.Some of the great things about this buffet was that it wasn't crowded...it was actually pretty empty, the price is fairly reasonable, and it is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Such a pretty hotel to visit if you haven't been!
4	Delicious! Most things were really good! Be sure to get in on the bone marrow, wicked fried chicken wings, and the seafood! Also some of the best pistachio gelato I've ever tasted and I'm a huge critic. The only thing that gave this a four rather than a five was at times the prime rib was tough but at times it was sublime, just fluctuates in quality for whatver reason. Also the Asian section really lacked choices and was kind of the lowest in quality. Pork belly didn't have crisp skin, and sushi was also not as great as it could be. Overall recommended.
5	Very nice food, and seafood
2	Food looks really pretty but it tastes terrible. Some are dry and some are just really salty. If you are looking for pretty food go here.  If you are looking decent taste, avoid this place.
4	Nothing spectacular but everything seems to be well made. The variety is lacking compared to the other Vegas buffets I've been to. The price is reasonable for lunch. I enjoyed the food but just couldn't remember one really good item.
3	Went there for Sunday brunch. Not super amazing but a good variety of food. Quality was pretty good. Will go back.
3	Came here with mountain high expectations but went flat after found out what they offered. Servers behind the counter carving station and ice cream bar are extremely rude. Giving people stinky look. Hello! We paid over price for your pay check.... Better behave!..... Foods are so salty...so the fresh fruit juice is so accommodating! Wicked Spoon is now in my not coming back list.
5	This buffet is expensive! I was hesitant at first to pay the 50 dollars for an all you can eat buffet at first, until I saw the food. The food is so gourmet! Unlike every other buffet, this places serves bone marrow, fresh and flavorful seafood, kale salads, macaroons, and home-made gelatos. This is definitely a must once in your life type of places.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas.  It's centrally located and provides a nice atmosphere with a great variety of food.  I will say that the buffet is a bit tucked away so it's a bit of trek from the casino floor and other restaurants. It's closer to the convention rooms than anything else.Some of the really good stuff I've had here were the ceviche, waldorf salad (w/ truffle oil!), prime rib, gelato, mussels.  Lots of the standard buffet stuff too but all done at a higher level than other buffets in my opinion.The atmosphere is casual and the service is the same.  Nothing overly stuffy about this place.And of course the one stand out is how they present the food.  Most everything is individually sized.  Great for tasting a little of everything!
1	Much less than expectation...especially considering the price!!Choice isn't even big, less than Todai. The ad is claiming 'culinary venture' but it wasn't on that level at all. Maybe I went there Monday night?!?!Some food was not even flesh hot enough, getting dry.Dessert was not so bad but not extraordinary at all.
5	Fantastic! It's a great way to try a bunch of things you would not normally try, plus there is plenty for those that aren't as food adventurous as my husband and I. Everything is pre-portioned which I love. It all comes in its on skillets or dishes. The food is worth the money, but if you are not a big eater it is hard to justify $50 a plate. I usually do not like buffets at all, but we got a 2 for 1 deal, which made it well worth it. Homemade sausage and bacon, bone marrow, quail eggs, pork belly, and gnocchi with wild bore. All delightful. Plus, if you like blue cheese there is a pile of it fresh so you can put it on all the meats above. The caramel sticky buns are super rich and yummy. Also, there is about 10 gelatos to choose from. We shared the Thai Iced Tea, which was unique and delicious. Oh, and make sure you get the pizza. I know it's a buffet and you just spent $50 for pizza, but they have two that are genius; blue cheese and bacon and capers and salmon.
1	This place taste horrible!!!!!  The korean BBQ is tougher than beef jerkey, the Chinese is not authentic, basically most food is mediocre at best.Don't let the other postings fool you like it did to me.
1	I've been to this buffet since they opened, quality's been dramatically decreased.  Last night was a disaster in every way. Very very little choices, poor quality and no taste. There was absolutely not a single dish we were happy with. Before you would feel there is a head chef, now the food is terrible and most of the dishes are super spicy even their sweet potato soup( their only soup, other than chinese egg drop on the other side) was so spicy that we could not even go for a second spoon, I've never ever heard of a spicy sweet potato soup!  Lastly they've brought up the price while the quality went down. $50 per person is ridiculous for this food. I was embarrassed for taking my family there. Very disappointed
1	Very unprofessional, rude manager lacking in customer service skills. When we asked The manager Fresca to assist she was bluntly rude and didn't even consider what we had to say, overall poor customer service
4	We first went to Bellagio's buffet but the line was simply really loongg...and at 6:30, I was getting hungry.  So we went next door to the Cosmopolitan.  It was their holiday buffet and dinner cost $47 each + tax, so a little over $100 for 2 people.  We arrived about 6:50 and counting the wait to pay and the wait to sit was another 40 minutes.  We were seated at 7:30 PM.  Having eaten at the Monte Carlo buffet the night before where it was less than memorable and food looking a bit worrisome, I have to say I enjoyed the food here!The place was clean, the food was presented well.  The ambiance is more relaxed than Bacchanal or Bellagios. I tried the shrimp ball, the bone marrow and the roast pork- I picked up only the crispy skin. Yum.  I did not eat any pasta, that'll fill up the stomach fast.  I tried the risotto and a tablespoon of the sweet potato casserole.  Then I went to the veggies portion, I tried the broccoli with white beans and endive salad.  Next to the seafood-- yes I attacked the crab legs, a plateful of it.  My brother the meat-eater had his fill of the ribs and beef.  Finally dessert, I picked the chocolate covered strawberries, the mousse and the gelato.  Topped it off with coffee.  We stayed until closing time and left at 9:30 PM.  The service once seated was also attentive and pleasant. I think the two seating managers were overwhelmed initially because the line kept getting longer yet only two people had the task of seating them.  A third person came close to 7:20 PM and she went out to the line and wrote down how many seats each customer lined up needed.  I recommend this place and would dine again if I find myself in Las Vegas.  This is a good find.
2	This place is NOT worth $40 the crabs had very little meat and it was dry. The other foods were also very mediocre. For $40 I expected the taste to be much better. There are even better buffets that cost $30. I regret wasting my money here!
4	Went Xmas day for Brunch. Was a two hour wait. Sad that they did not bring anyone on line water, or chanpagne, or juice or anything like that.  Price today went from $29 to $45.00 for basicly the same food.Once inside, the service and food was excellent.
4	Been here for breakfast and lunch; different times and both occasions were good. They have a wide variety of selections and desserts are pretty awesome too. I like that it's very spacious and the food counter is neatly organized.
3	WARNING: If you are a die hard wicked spoon fan please don't be hurt. This is just my opinion.The place looked nice. There was allot of talk about this place. Unfortunately that's all it was, talk. The staff was great and very welcoming. The food was good but nothing really stood out to me to give it a 5. The wait was horrible. The line was way to long. The price didn't equal to the over all experience. Over all this place was just ok. But if you have the patients to wait in line then you probably won't mind this place. Conclusion: Staff: 5Bathroom and restaurant cleanliness: 5Price: 2Food: 3.5Wait time: 1Total over all experience Average = 3.3 unfortunately I can only give a 3 or 4 rating so I went with 3.
5	Best buffet experience in Las Vegas. The food is international and taste good. If you don't like to see big food portions but still want all you can eat, this is a must. Don't forget the bottomless champaign for 2 hours, worth the extra fee.
2	This used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas. It was the kind of place where you ate 95% of what you put on your plate! Now, nothing was amazing and you only wanted to eat 30-40% of what was on your plate. If you want a buffet, go to the buffet at The M. Or spend your $50 at a real restaurant on the strip for something more palatable.
5	The buffet at Wicket Spoon was by far the best of the buffets in Las Vegas. They had BONE MARROW! Something I have been craving ever since we were there. Their desserts were amazing as well. They also had Croque Madames which is one of my favorite sandwiches. And they had fried rice in little rice containers! I was seriously in food heaven!
5	This was one of the best buffets that I have been to.  The food was good, everything was hot and fresh, and I love the small plates.  Only thing wrong though is that it is nearly impossible to grab more than a couple of the small plates at a time because there is no way to possibly have them all balanced on a plate.
4	The highlights of my meal were the selection of meats at the carving stations (Prime Rib, Roasted Pig, Lamb, Sausage) Crispy Pork Belly, Bone Marrow, Dungeness Crab, Shrimp Cocktail, Shrimp & Grits, Gelato Bar & Asst. Of Desserts. Everything else outside of that would be a waste of money and stomach space i.e., Salmon was dry, Chinese, sushi, Italian looked at tasted Eh.
4	My review is a bit old and from the summer. Hands down this was the best casino buffet I ever had. So much food and my friends and I stayed there for three hours eating and drinking and our server didnt seem to mind at all. Really... I have no complaints between all the food and unlimited mimosa where do I have room to complain?The waiter was so patient with us.  We drank and got tipsy and stayed at the buffet until it was time to eat again.  Really just can't complain.
5	Wicked Spoon is so awesome. The options are amazing and I don't think I tried a single dish that I didn't like. And trust me, if I could've tried all 500+ items that they offer, I would have. Unfortunately, my tummy just cannot handle that. *cue sad violin music* Some of my favorites were the bone marrow, crab, prime rib, polenta, bbq shrimp & grits, and thai tea and pistachio gelato. Prepare yourselves for a foodgasm, people.I would happily pay $45/person for dinner on a Friday night again for the excellent variety and quality of food this buffet offers.
4	Very helpful about gluten free needs. At the beginning of the buffet, a chef walked me through all the items and what was gluten free. He also made me a special gluten free stir fry from the Asian station that was very yummy! In general there is a good selection of food. High end items include prime rib and crab legs, if they had stuff like oysters would be perfect. The sushi was not very good. Otherwise good spread.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Came here for breakfast and was impressed with the selection. Wicked Spoon has lots to choose from, breakfast items and non-breakfast alike. Some of the items were really good. But some were just bad. Really bad. The French toast? Delicious. Mac and cheese? Loved it. The mashed potatoes? Ew. How in the world do you mess up mashed potatoes? Oh, I know. Throw in some horseradish, and call it fancy. Gross. Overall, you'll find some good stuff here. You'll also find some bad stuff. It's a buffet, so not everything is going to please you. But in the end it has something for everybody. Now for the miscellaneous stuff. Breakfast was reasonably priced at $39/person. Restaurant was clean, and food was replaced as needed. Server was absent most of the time, but that's fine. I don't like being bothered when I eat. Except when I need a drink refilled. And I definitely could have used another iced tea to wash down those mashed potatoes.
2	Every year for the past five years my three sisters and I take a trip to Vegas. OneOf the things we look forward to the most is having the dinner buffet at the wicked spoon. I am not a seafood eater but The whole trip there they talk about how they are going to eat crab crab and more crab. We got in more than an hour before what they said was closing time and set off to eat and one of my sisters came back with a plate of sorry spindly crab legs. She said they closed the crab legs station which meant that the other three would not be getting any !!! Several other stations were closing down and what was left of the more popular ones were shutting down before we could even get to them When I spoke to the manager she said that there was no set menu so nothing was guaranteed. What kind of answer is that to dissatisfaction!? The waiter said had we let him know he would have talked to the cook about it and made  him make some more but once we talked to the manager (who he said was new) it was too late. There are too many other buffets to try than to go back to wicked spoon and be as disappointed as we were again. For the price you should be able to get a staple buffet food like crab legs.So long wicked spoon. Hello Bacchanal (?) yelp era spend your $$ somewhere else !!
5	Came here for Brunch on Christmas after the Belliago had a 3 hour wait, I will have to say this buffet is as good or better than the Belliago. We were staying in the Cosmopolitan and since I am a Marriott Platinum member we were able to bypass the hour line and get seated immediately with our party of 8. Options were endless with Crab Legs, Mussels, Oysters, and many cuisines to choose from. One of my favorites was the Chocolate & Heath Bar covered strawberries and Gelato on the the dessert bar.Definitely a must if you are in Vegas and especially if you are staying at the Cosmopolitan!
4	Pretty good. Large selection. Went for breakfast since there was a 2 hour wait for dinner. Glad it was comped by casino.
1	This used to be our FAVORITE brunch buffet in Vegas and unfortunately over the last couple of years it has gone down hill :(  They used to have a huge selection of food for breakfast and lunch and now it's very small and just shoved in a corner. and the service is really bad:(  The over all quality is lacking, it's a shame
2	We had brunch here. $39/person.I think it is a bit overpriced.Not much variety in food. Desserts are good. But to be honest, even if you have 100 choices I'm not going to eat more than 10 at one meal.Limited seafood selections. The sushis were meh..Not very impressive for the price.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in vegas. It's a lil pricy but the buffet style eating rivals any other they had Red velvet pancakes they had a strawberry pineapple and OJ blended drink that was new and really tasty. they had the usual types of food you find at a brunch.
4	Really enjoyed dinner here. Unlike the Aria where we paid full adult price for our 3rd and 4th grade kids last year, and all they ate were two slices of cheese pizza, they had kids pricing here so it was easier on the wallet. Our son enjoyed the Mac and cheese bar. Chef was friendly and made it to order. I enjoyed everything I tried: prime rib, Kung pao chicken, fried chicken, pizza, etc. Wife had seafood. Didn't bother with the sushi as the selection was limited to three or four items, two of them with unagi another ebi, not my favorites. Tasty sugar-free chocolate gelato and decaf ended the meal for me.
4	Food has improved since the last time we werr here a couple of years ago. Pork belly is really (kinda on the salty side though), goes well with the wedge salad!Excellent service.
1	Not what i have expected. Not enough seafood with this price range ($47) Deserts not good at all, too sweet!!! Entrees are too salty !!! No toasters for bread. People working back in the kitchen didn't clean the seafood properly. My friend bite on the rock in the clams and hurt his teeth . Its too ridiculous!!!
5	I will dream about this place until my next trip to Vegas.  Foodie heaven......!
3	Is this the best buffet in terms of presentation, quality of food? Yes! Is this the best buffet I've had? No!Its brightest spot is pastry, which is not my thing, I would give it a 5 star; its meat section I would say is 3 star for me considering its price, it does have lamb but I would expect lamb chop, again for its price, it has roast beef and ribs but I expect steak (maybe it does but certainly not the grilled types I love); seafood selection, crab legs pretty good and I like that they cut it open so lazy people like me just take it out to eat, but that is about it, mussels too cheap for my taste, shrimp not so impressive.Basically lacking the wow factor other than the pastry. I paid $50, maybe Xmas is just the wrong time to have buffet in Vegas?
2	Honestly I don't understand why it has that many good reviews. I just feel it was normal. $50 is kinda not worthy. It didn't have a large variety.
3	Wicked Spoon is overpriced at $40 pp. There was a massive food selection to pick from, ranging from sushi to gelato to pasta. The beef borguinione was good, as well as the pasta. The Asian food wasn't very good; the sushi was not very fresh tasting and pretty bland, the noodles very dry, and the pork was salty. The dessert section was big, but lacking in quality. 80% of the macarons were cracked, and the gelato wasn't too great either. The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice but a little crowded. Towards 7 or 8 PM the line gets pretty long, so come early. You can also get a discount and skip the general line if you are a Marriott Platinum or Gold member (something like that) but getting the card to skip the line was a hassle. Overall, decent buffet and nice atmosphere. About on par with Bacchanal at Caesar's.
1	It is not worth its price. The food was not as fresh as expected and not appetizing. For the price Wynn Buffett is much more worth the price.
2	We came here on New Years Eve and there was no line at all. There was many food choices, but it was not worth the money. The food was cheap tasting and the shrimps were mushy and not very fresh. Some of the choices were not very appealing and they were lacked things like soups and fruits. For that much money, the Wynn Buffet is much more worth it. The Wicked Spoon was okay but I was very underwhelmed and I felt like it was lacking.
5	I like the taste of the food and and not all other buffets the food here is well spiced and prepared more than the one in BellagioThe dessert station look so good
5	I have celiac disease, so I alerted the hostess and she sent a chef to give me a tour of the buffet.  I was dining with my family, one of my children also has celiac and is allergic to dairy.  The chef was very knowledgeable, I wish I had written down his name so we could thank him personally.  He made us gluten free french toast, brought regular toast, hashbrowns, an eggs bene for me, and pork belly fried rice.  He also gave us several items from the back to avoid cross contamination.  We were completely thrilled with our brunch, best meal of our trip to Vegas.  We really appreciated that he was so knowledgeable, took our food intolerance seriously and didn't seem irritated by going out of his way. Best part- no one got sick!!!! I come to Vegas several times a year, and always make sure Wicked Spoon is on the itinerary.  Thank you for catering to people with special diets.
3	It was an "okay" buffet. The sushi was horrible. The rest of the food wasn't good, but wasn't bad either.
2	Overpriced...and underwhelming. Don't get me wrong, the food is flavorful but for $85 a couple I expected to be "wowed" and just wasn't.  There is a very large Asian section with everything from bone marrow to sushi. Unfortunately for me I'm not a huge fan of fish balls in the morning... The presentation of the dessert was wonderful and so was the taste but again most people are not eating dessert for breakfast. I sampled a bite of everything so I could get my money's worth because I was not about to pay $85 for some eggs and bacon. I'll be damned.  Anyway, I think  there are cheaper alternatives to this.... Seek them out.
3	$35 per person for brunch- $47 including unlimited mimosas and Bloody Mary's. I've been to Vegas a couple dozen times, but this was only my second time to a Vegas buffet. We had waited for 30 minutes the previously morning for The Henry (also in the Cosmo), so when we had a limited time to grab breakfast, the buffet seemed like a solid, quick option.The food was pretty good with lots of live stations. I liked that none of the food seemed to be sitting and there was fast turnover. The Asian station was lack luster, but the breakfast items and the fried chicken (served in a tiny fryer basket) where the highlights. Chefs were also happy to make custom items (for example, I wanted a benedict without sauce). Desserts were in small individual serving sizes, including some gluten free options. Be sure to check to see if you can redeem points from your stay before shelling out full price.
3	Back after around 3 years and all I can say is meh.. Don't know if it was because I came for lunch rather than dinner, or the quality really did get poorer, but food selection was limited and the quality was very normal. I think the only thing that really stood out to me was the pecan tart and the shrimp cocktail (I think I enjoyed those last time, as well) but all the other food kind of blended together in my mind as I was eating them. Sushi is honestly whatever -- tastes like revolving sushi, their pastas are also nothing really to write home about. Don't get me wrong -- the food here is decently good, just nothing memorable this time around. :(
3	After nights of begging, BF finally agreed to come here with me. At first I thought he was being the snob that he truly is; who the hell doesn't eat buffet while visiting Vegas? So, we came here on the Christmas day for their "Holiday Brunch," which cost $42 a person. I was so excited, assuming with $42, there would probably be something fancy inside. But after we were seated, and I circled back and forth of all the offerings, I saw nothing but ordinary food. Sure, some of the plates are served "tapas style," but honestly, they were nothing special. And since we arrived around 10ish, I didn't even see any shrimp nor crab legs! I thought to myself, "honestly, $42 for brunch items???" Luckily, we were taking our time, so when we were about to leave (1130ish,) I heard someone yelled out "they're started serving crab legs and shrimp!!" So I finally got to enjoy what I really came here for... except, the crab legs were just ok, not as juicy as I expected, plus, the shrimps weren't even peeled. (and for those of you that are looking for oysters? don't even bother...)I was going to rate "wicked spoon" 2 stars, however, they did serve really good desserts. Unlike any other buffets I had ever tried, "wicked spoon" offers an incomparable dessert station like I've never seen. I think of all the Cosmopolitan restaurant collection, "Wicked Spoon" is probably by far the least of my favorite. There is no comparison with "Jaleo," "China Poblano," and most certainly not with "Rose.Rabbit.Lie," which incidentally located just outside of "Wicked Spoon." Overall, I'd say save your $42 and go enjoy something nice, like the Eiffel Tower brunch.
5	I can't even begin! Yes, it was expensive (almost $50/pp), and yes there was a wait (1 hour), but oh, so worth it! This is NOT your typical buffet. This is a very upscale buffet, not like any other on the strip. A make your own mac and cheese bar (I was in heaven!),  bone marrow, sushi, fish, chicken, carving stations, soup, fish stations, salad, asian station, etc.....I can go on forever! And I didn't even mention the dessert stations yet! Gelato bar, macaroon bar, cakes, puddings, etc....OMG! Worth every penny! The atmosphere was wonderful. Not like a regular buffet were they herd you in and out like cattle....at The Wicked Spoon they want you to stay there for hours. Get some food, talk, relax, get some more food, and repeat!!! I highly recommend this buffet to adults. I think it would be lost and not worth it for children.
3	We went for brunch on the Saturday after new year, there was only 20 minute wait. We were kinda surprised that it was such a short wait compared to Bachanal or Wynn buffet, now I know why! They don't have crab leg! Now how can you charge ppl $40 per person and not serve crab legs! In fact they didn't even have that much seafood.  They had smaller selection of food compared the other buffets, and although very cutely presented in individual small dishes, there wasn't really much to pick from.  I walked outta there not really that stuff, I was full, but not stuffed like buffet-stuffed.  Ooh well , save your money and got to the other buffets on the strip.
5	One of my favorite buffets to hit up while out there in Vegas.  The food is great and you do pay for it, but it's a great place to come out and try the food.  Their selection and range of food is impeccable and just breath taking. Bottomless Mimosas for the win.There are only two things that are a drag about Wicked Spoon.1.  The lines to get into the buffet can be a bit time consuming.2.  The price has a sticker shock when you enter.Beyond that listen to what people are saying about this place.  It is and should be one of your bucket list items when you come to Sin City!
4	Wait time was only 30 minutes. Great!!!What I didn't like about the wait time was that there were two lines, one to pay one to be seated.. Anyhow, it was short wait considering that it was weekend.Price was wow($$$)!!!! but lady who help me was nice enough to mark my 4 years old son as 3 and got us in for free.. :)Food was good.. Prime Rib: A Crab Leg: BAll others that didn't matter much: B+Selection: BIce cream: A+They have all you can drink wine for around $20.. ;)I don't expect much from Vegas buffet but I might go back to this place next time I visit vegas....Oh.... S&%#.. I forgot what happens in Vegas should stay there... lol
2	The biggest problem with this buffet is that the food isn't hot or even very warm.  You'd think with tiny portions they could at least serve the food at a decent temperature. My husband and I arrived soon after they opened for dinner yet the food didn't look fresh.We were looking forward to a delicious anniversary dinner but left disgusted--bloody cold meat and icky seafood. Our waiter was nice and the coffee was rich and hot, other than that, it was a waste of money.
5	Tuesday 6 January 201538$ per person Ok let me put this straight, wicked spoon again blows my mind. I'm a sous chef and when on vacation I like having gourmet food without going through the prepping, cooking etc...The atmosphere is cozy, classy and with lots of nice looking people(including the waitresses)The appetizers is very creative and VERY diverse (Ceviches, small casseroles, beef bourguigon, roasted lamb leg .....Desserts (look at the picture): desserts I would rate them 4 out of 5. One set back, the sushi is not that good. PS: food items do run out but gets replaced almost immediately, we waited in line exactly 8 minutes. Pardon my laziness but I'm writing the review and taking pictures after I'm done so I'm reaaaaally full and have something urgent to deal with
1	After a couple weeks of deciding what buffet to go to on the strip, I ended up picking this place since we've already tried the one at Caesar's Palace.  We arrived around 4:30pm on a Saturday.  The line to the cashier's wasn't that bad.  However, after you stand in line to pay, you're sent to another line to wait for a table.  While we were in line for a table, an employee kept asking everyone how many were in their party.  We immediately thought, "yes, we'll get a table since we're only a party of 2."  Well, that's as far as it went.  It was pretty much pointless to know how many people were in each party.  When we finally got a table, I've noticed that there were a ton of empty tables.  Anyways, onto the food...it was less than mediocre.  The selection was minimal and the food was pretty much disgusting.  There were only 3 sushi selections: California roll, dragon roll (California roll with a tiny sliver of unagi on top and ebi nigiri (all of these rolls were filled with rice and not enough filling).  The risotto was undercooked (rice was still crunchy).  The hand-carved meat was dry and rubbery (You can't even cut the meat with the knives we were given).  The crab legs were disappointing.  It was like a huge pile of malnourished crab legs that was thrown in a pile and you have to pick and choose which one looked the best.  The Chinese food was decent.  The whole buffet was filled with carb selections (rice, pasta and bread).   In terms of desserts, I didn't see anything I like besides the gelato.  The only good part of our buffet was the waiter.  He was nice and had always kept our glasses filled with drinks throughout the whole meal.  The meal is definitely not worth $50 a person.
2	Blech. I expected so much more from Wicked Spoon based on reviews and recommendations from friends, and left disappointed. One upside: the service was great, and our server was attentive and friendly. Now the downsides: for one of the supposed "top tier" buffets in Vegas, the lack of selection was surprising. Yes, there are crab legs, but you can find those at any buffet in Vegas nowadays. Yes, there was bone marrow - the thing I was looking most forward to! - but for each bone you could get maybe a quarter teaspoon of marrow. And yes, the ice cream was delicious, but I was too busy scraping the remnants of the stalest macaron that I've ever eaten off the roof of my mouth to enjoy it much.I imagine that the appeal of Wicked Spoon lies in how they've covered their bases by including all of the "fan favourites" of the Vegas buffets: the aforementioned crab legs, fried chicken in cute baskets, a carving station, mac and cheese, etc. So, if you've never tried any other buffet in Vegas, you will probably be satisfied. However, once you try any other buffet, you'll realize that it's missing a lot of things that might not be as novel or cute, but are nonetheless key to a good buffet: veggies (cooked or raw), fruit (of any kind), and international cuisine selections beyond a few types of sushi and some nachos and salsa. Not to mention that we were told that the fresh pasta station only had cream sauce, the soup of the day had run out, and instructed to use taco shells as nacho chips as they had also run out of those (mind you, the buffet was not busy when we went either). And the macaron! That hideous macaron! It had the taste and consistency of a mint that I had left in my purse for months and forgotten about. For the regular $39/person for dinner, this was already not worth your money or time. For the $47/person "holiday" pricing, this was inexcusable. Do yourself a favour and head to the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars instead.
3	I was there last Monday evening no line. The price, $38 per person and 50% off for children 12 and under. No bad for the selection and presentation of the food. I am a vegetarian and even if the selection is poor for a vegetarian (only 10% of the dishes, not counting the salads are vegetarian)  I was satisfied with the presentation and taste of the food.  One tip, they have a 15% discount for Marriott members. I like this place, but the 3 stars is for the lack of vegetarian dishes.
3	Highlights: Kimchee glazed bone marrow!!Fried chicken wingsPork carnitas Gelato (Mango and Thai Tea)Came here for dinner with a buy one get one offer from the hotel. I wouldn't pay full price for the buffet ($50). It's definitely not the best buffet on the strip but not the worst either. The food is mediocre and their prime rib and crab legs were okay. I still wouldn't mind coming back just for the bone marrow and to try their brunch.
4	Buffet pro tip: No matter how much you might be tempted to do so, don't fill up too much on carbs. Pretty good. Came around 10am on New Year's Eve morning. The lines were pretty short and we got seated pretty quickly. Our waiter was pretty friendly, although he did kinda complain a lot about the buffet being short-staffed. Oh, well, it wasn't terribly busy in the restaurant, so it wasn't all bad for him.Onto the food. A pretty diverse selection for brunch. There were some pretty standard items like benedicts, piles of bacon, omelets, and random assorted pastries and breads, as well as an Asian station, meat station, and Italian and New American stations. My favorite dishes were the bone marrow, 5 spice pork belly, and the truffle mushroom risotto. Yes, I guess I do have a penchant for rich foods. Moreover, the dessert station was likely the most impressive, since there were all sorts of cakes, tarts, and even gelato.My friend who has relatives who work at the Cosmopolitan said that the Wicked Spoon was one of the first Vegas buffets to portion out certain dishes instead of leaving out a huge serving dish, which in turn, saved the casino a lot of money. I think that's actually a pretty slick improvement, but sometimes you just want that adrenaline rush you get from placing a huge pile of smoked salmon onto your buffet plate. That's what Vegas is all about, isn't it?Overall, a very good buffet. I still think I like the layout and diversity of the Bellagio buffet better, but definitely a quality buffet on the strip. I'll have to try it for dinner sometime and see what other offerings they have. Since the desserts are pretty quality here, if you have a bit of a sweet tooth, you should come here over the other buffets.
2	Meh,  I've experienced better.that basically sums it up.  thanks for helping me plagiarize yelp.  i've heard good things about this buffet.  i came here on new years day after refusing to wait 3+ hours on bucchanal buffet at caesars and the buffet at bellagio.  asians sure do love buffets yo.  and their apparently pretty patient.  asians...patient.  go figure.  old asians...patient.  where am i?the wait here was only 20 minutes and now i know why.  its not as big as the other two buffets mentioned and slightly cheaper than caesars (about the same as bellagio).  this was a holiday so the pricing was more expensive.  i ended up paying $42 plus tax for this experience.  so of course where do i go to first, the snow crab legs section.  they're already cut down the middle in half.  wtf?  I like to break my own crab legs and see if i could get the entire wad of meat out.  its quite an accomplishment.  i don't want it sliced in two already.  and on top of it, it was frozen.  yes frozen.  worst snow crab leg experience ever.  and i've had some pretty bad ones.ok so there's other food right?  i can't let this damper my $42 (plus tax) meal.  i'm rather hungry afterall.  the other thing i heard about this place was the bone marrow.  meh, tasteless and bland.  on to the meat section.  prime ribs were pretty ok actually, the sausage was good too.  ok, they did well here.  sushi, not bad at all, but limited selections. everything else from the beef ribs to fried chicken, to japanese noodles to deserts were just average at best.  not worth the premium price of $42 (plus tax) to eat here.oh and here's a little trick for you buffet lovers.  if brunch/lunch buffet ends at 3pm, try and get seated at 230.  that way you pay brunch prices but get to experience dinner selections.  they usually have a few new meats and options out there.thats all, i would recommend other buffets but haven't been there yet so for this alone, just 2 stars.  good selections, but below average food for the most part.  and FROZEN SNOW CRAB LEGS.  eff that.  oh and it was $42 (plus tax).  not sure if i mentioned that.
1	Seriously a major disappointment. The food that were to be kept heated was less than lukewarm or verging on cold. The cold bar was okay. I went back for the shrimp ceviche. That was my favorite and the only favorite at this buffet. The dessert area had a good assortment but I don't go to buffets to indulge in dessert. I wanted to go for gluttony and get rolled out but that certainly came to a halt at my first plate. Pass on this buffet!!!!! There's plenty of better buffets in Vegas.
