3	On the past experience of my friend with this Chinese restaurant, we went and tried Bamboo House. My friend did all the ordering... maybe we'll change that procedure on our next restaurant visit. Bamboo House claims to be a Chinese restaurant, but also lists Thai and Vietnamese creations.What we ordered...Starters: Seafood Soup - This was a very thick soup filled to the brim with seafood ingredients: Shrimp, Scallops, Abalone, Fish, vegetables, and some ingredients I could not recognize! Mistake #1: The soup itself had a tap water aftertaste! My friend disagreed... but I know I tasted tap water!Drinks: Mai Tai - Yummy, yummy... sweet and very alcoholic. The bartender really knows how to mix his drinks. And you get a little umbrella "thing" with your drink!Main Dishes: House Special Chicken - This dish was essentially Chinese Fried Chicken in a batter immersed in their "special" sauce. The batter was slightly crispy when bitten into, and was especially tasty and had interesting textures when consumed.Kung Pao Chicken II - Off menu Kung Pao Chicken without the Cashews. Skinned Chicken with Shrimp, Mushrooms, Peas, Water Chestnuts, and Celery covered by their "special" sauce.Both dishes were supposed to be spicy "hot".... NOT!Mistake #2: Never duplicate any meat dishes... we discovered both dishes were immersed in their "special" sauce which made differentiation of the dishes difficult, at best! Did I just have the House Special or the Kung Pao? Let me take a close look! Not very creative cooking!Demographics of restaurant: All Caucasian clientele. Less than 30% of capacity.Located in a small strip mall setting.Service was friendly and attentive.Probably will not be coming back here for the food... But maybe for the Polynesian style drinks... They're pretty refreshing and Good!Next visit to any restaurant... I'm ordering for both of us!My Friend's rating: 3My rating:               2.25 (Saved by MaiTai)
5	Bamboo House is conveniently located on the Northwest corner of Thunderbird and 7th Street just at the foot of North Mountain.  The parking is adequate and well lit.  Access to the place is easy.Their menu is a pleasant mix of traditional Chinese food, fresh new dishes and some other Asian favorites with their own twist.  They have an good sized menu, plenty of varied choices, but not so big that you can't decide.  Their delicious lunch specials are served until mid afternoon and include egg roll, crab rangoon and a cup of soup.One of my absolute faves is their pad thai.  It has just the right amount of spicy for me, although they are happy to dial it up or down for your tastes.  They serve a dinner portion as well as a lunch portion.  The lunch special is enough for 2.... the dinner portion is enough for 2 and you can still take a doggie bag. The only noticeable difference between the lunch and dinner portion of pad thai is that they dinner portion has has shrimp as well as tofu and chicken.Other favorites of mine include their lemongrass chicken.  It has a delicious flavor and is made with the best white meat of the chicken. Mushu Chicken is wonderful.  the sauce is fresh and light. The pancakes are thin and soft.  I like mine with less green onion and more egg.  They are happy to adjust almost anything for you.Hot and sour soup is excellent, full of vegetables and meats... even shrimp.  Lettuce wraps are good, as are crab rangoon, and traditional egg rolls.I have tried most everything here.... the only dishes i won't get again were not for lack of quality, they were just not my taste.  I'm not a big sweet and sour fan, and the raspberry chicken might be more suited to someone who is. It was well prepared, just not my taste
5	I often worry about trying new asian cuisine joints unless I have a trustworthy reccomendation, but I put on my brass cajones and took the girl to Bamboo House. Thank you baby Jesus. Their "szechuan, mandarin, and pacific cuisine" really hit the spot.They have some of the best hot and sour soup that I have ever had in way too huge portions I would consider risking injury to make sweet love to this soup, and the eggrolls had really tasty filling.The meal came with hot tea, which I have not had occur for awhile at any places for some reason.Garlic shrimp..oh how I love you and will love you again cold when I am drunk and browsing the fridge this weekend...big tasty tender shrimps...mmmm. The Pad Thai...I may request a tad spicier next time but was overall completely delicious. The shrimp and chicken in it make my mouth water right now.We were happy to take home the leftovers and if they are the only thing in the new fridge when we get moved tomorrow I will consider it the hippest fridge that ever was to be full of such midnight snack worthy leftovers.
1	Having just moved into the neighborhood, we ventured to try Bamboo House, hoping to find a close place to get our Chinese fix. Unfortunately, on our visit, B.H. did not live up to the hype. My boyfriend put it very succinctly: "There wasn't anything wrong with the rice." We ordered meat dumplings, orange chicken and garlic chicken. The meat dumplings were no frills, basically barely seasoned meat stuffed into wrappers and then fried. The orange chicken was passable, but nothing special (I think Panda Express does better, and I loathe that place). The garlic chicken was a spicy, sodden mess, barely edible. As if this wasn't disappointing enough, my hot tea was weak, vaguely honey flavored water. His iced tea appeared to be the same tea poured over ice. But, at least the rice was okay, right?
4	How can you not love a place that has $3.50 drinks with umbrellas and fruit garnishes and the best cocktail sign ever?! I have only ordered the drinks, the chicken wings and the pad Thai and I loved them all. So far, this is my favorite pad Thai in the valley. My husband likes Pei Wei's version better, which I don't understand . I order mine not too spicy here, because otherwise it is quite spicy!
4	I give the Bamboo House a favorable rating. It's my local Chinese food haunt. Giant fan of their Hot and Sour soup. I judge a Chinese restaurant based on a few dishes and Hot and Sour is one. Personally, I think it may be the best in the valley. Another favorite of mine is there Mongolian Beef and hey, Larry can do Thai there too. Pad Thai....It's better than some of their Thai brethren. The pan fried noodles are scrum-delicious and when I want to elevate my blood sugar, I go for their Sweet and Sour Pork. Egg Foo Young is a nice addition. Portions are always large and yes, I take home what I can't eat and have Noodles and Eggs...could be an idea for a chain. When I want really good Chinese, I mean really good, I have to go to Orange County around Garden Grove in the mean time, I'm a fan of Sam Phan (yes, the owners name is Sam Phan)....
3	After a long morning working at an event at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort (where, consequently, I had my wedding reception), my friend/colleague and I were exhausted and ravenous. I was fairly sure there was a Chinese restaurant nearby, so Heather hopped on her iPhone and found Bamboo House. I loved that the lunch came with hot tea; although, the waiter never asked us if we wanted anything else to drink besides the tea and water. It was probably best that we stuck with water after sitting outside for 6 hours, so we really didn't think much of it.Heather ordered the Pad Thai, and I got the House Special Chicken. I wished now that I would have asked if the chicken was large chunks or thin pieces (it's large chunks) because I would have enjoyed it more if I was thin. The sauce, though, was really quite good. Our meal came with Egg Drop Soup. I'm not normally a fan, but I really liked their soup. There were mushrooms and tofu, a new addition to the soup for me, and the broth was thinner, which I also liked. I opted for steamed rice instead of fried, and the steamed rice was not that great. I wonder now if it was not so fresh. It didn't stick together and soak up the sauce the way I love rice to do at Chinese restaurants. Rather, it was more like home-cooked Minute rice. I was way too full to even think about eating the egg roll that came with my meal. They gave us quite a bit of food for a $6 lunch special.I'm so rarely in the area, that I doubt I'll venture out just to go to Bamboo House again, but if I am ever in the vicinity and want Chinese, I'll remember again!
4	Disclaimer: Vegetarian here.Bamboo house is one of our favorite Chinese restaurants in North Phoenix. Other people think so too, as it is normally very busy, although the place is big with ample seating, so there is generally no waiting.The egg drop soup is delicious. They will make it Vegetarian if requested (water base instead of meat broth). We just love that soup!They also serve hot tea (Oolong?) to everyone, which is another big plus in our book.The main courses are good, I enjoy the orange flavored tofu and some of their other veggie dishes as well. My girlfriend has tried some of the meat dishes and was happy with them. Dishes come served with either steamed or fried rice (which might be a dollar extra).We really like this place and would recommend that you check it out.
3	This place wasn't bad at all.  Full menu, full bar, and nice waiter.The food was average, it wasn't bad by any means but was not GREAT.  The sweet and sour soup was delicious I can eat that all day.  I ordered the Teriyaki, I know, unoriginal but thats how i can gage a place, i'll get some pepper beef the next time i'm there.The lunch specials are well priced, under $6, and you get soup and egg roll.  I will most likely eat here again.
4	Had dinner here for the first time.  Egg rolls were really good.  Hot and sour soup was delicious.  Mongolian beef -- yum!  Kung Pao chicken was not bad either.  Busy place with what appeared to be a lot of loyal customers.  Friendly service and pretty fast.  Reminded me of the kind of Chinese food dad would take the family out for when I was a kid.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Good neighborhood spot for dine-in or take out Chinese. They have a nice variety in the menu and know how to run some good lunch specials. The food is good, definitely above average. The house specialties on the menu is a good place to start.Service is really good for an Asian place. They're mostly friendly and aren't assholes if you take a table 15 minutes before they close. The owner and his wife are particularly nice and seem to value the regulars.
3	Our first visit here was last night, for a Friday night it was doing a brisk business but there was no wait which was even better.  It's your typical pink, ornate throwback chinese restaurant but it has charm.  Loved the drink menu, specialty cocktails for only $4.50--I had a Scorpion.  The food was good, hot and fast.  I had Happy Family and there was lots of shrimp, scallops and other meats.  Hubby had garlic beef, LOTS of garlic and almost too spcity for our delicate palates--you just had to keep eating it.They look like that have good lunch specials that even extend to Saturday.  Would definitely go back.
3	This is my neighborhood chinese food stop. I don't go here often for two reasons... Their lunch is SUPER cheap and I am never home for lunch. And, their food is very salty. I like their food plenty, but dude tone down the sodium! The soups are tasty and the house chicken is good. I keep going back because it is in the neighborhood and it is cheap. So, in conclusion, if you are looking for a cheap chinese lunch this is the place. Just realize, it is just a cheap chinese lunch, not fine dining.
1	Let's just say this. I feel sorry for you people who thinks this restaurant serves good food. Went there after reading all your fine reviews here. I will be short and sweet. Hot and sour soup was passable, the pad thai was edible. House chicken was big chunks of deep fried breading with salty brown sauce. Mongolian beef was salted jerky with green onions, and the fried rice is just white rice with soy sauce in it. The soda was okay. If you have ever had decent Chinese food,, stay clear. This is not it. Will someone get my money back?
2	I'm sorry to say that I'm not impressed with Bamboo House.  They're friendly and the takeout wait isn't long (I haven't dined in), but their food is pretty mediocre.  The first time I visited, I ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce.  It was a little bit bland and rather greasy.  Edible but not something I would order again. A week later, I decided to give them a second try, and ordered vegetable spring rolls and orange flavor tofu.  The spring rolls were actually pretty good - fresh, crispy and flavorful.  However, the orange tofu was terrible.  The tofu was soggy (bleh!) and the sauce tasted rather like the sweet and sour sauce they provided to go with the eggrolls - good enough for dipping appetizers in but terrible when your entree is smothered in it.  I couldn't even finish the dish and ended up throwing it away which is a first for me. :(  I won't be going to Bamboo House a third time.
4	When I first moved to AZ, this place was pretty rocking. As a transplant from Cali I had separation anxiety from my Combo A-B-C options of virtually all mom/pops chinese places out there. This place offers a decent lunch special $5.95 - $6.95, includes an entree, soup, egg roll, and wontons. They serve complimentary tea, which goes well with the food. The food is served quickly, which is great especially when I go in with my 5 year old. The times I have been there the staff has been very nice. My recent visit was Tuesday, I had a customized Almond Shrimp and my eating buddy, had something which I have totally forgotten by now! Food was good value for the buck. Definitely on our rotation for casual eating.
4	It is hard to find good Chinese food in Phoenix. I will attest and say they are safe!! Lunch special is Fabulous!! I have had different items just to test there flexibility with the dishes and they pass. This is my top choice!!!Dining in the service is excellent. The lunch special provides a tasty soup, free tea, and an eggroll along with your entree. For Phoenix this is decent Chinese food!
3	The food is good (except the beef and broccoli - which was bland). The BBQ pork is very yummy! So is the chow mein, orange chicken, and mongolian beef. It only gets 3 stars from me because they don't have the option for combos. When I go to a chinese restuarant I want a plate with like 3 things that I like on it. But this is not an option here. Which is sad, because I LOVE ALMOND CHICKEN, and my husband HATES it. So I never get almond chicken because you have to share all the food. Each dish is a large plate that you share among the table. If they would let me make a combo, they'd get at least 4 stars from me.
1	JUST say no.. the worst General Tsos chicken I have ever tasted.. its supposed to be spicy.. not so sugary.. and seriously I was ill that night.. my friend had sweet and sour...and it was sour and not sweet.. the lady was so nice .. how do you complain! I had always wondered about this place near where I wander and now I wont wander back..
4	The whole office would come here for the lunch specials.  The food is good, the service is decent, and they have some really fun cocktails.  We all liked it and would go back again.
5	Tried this place the other night. The service was good. I was served a small portion of duck and the chef sent out an extra portion of house chicken with it. My kids liked their beef skewers.
4	IMO THE best Chinese in Phoenix! Authentic dishes and Chinese beers, excellent service, great atmosphere, very good prices - thoroughly recommend.Clearly I am not the only one thinking this as the owner appears to know the names of a LOT of the clientele - demonstrating regular repeat business.
5	The food is fantastic and the prices are great. All of the soups say they are for 2, but could easily serve 4. The food portions are similar. One can easily get two meals from an entree.
4	Orange Chicken is sweet and tangy. You can order it with more spice and enjoy the sweet with the heat.The sizzling rice soup in good. We order it with Shrimp only. Otherwise, you get beef, chicken and 1 shrimp in it.
5	Really good, old school authentic food.  Very affordable and quick.  Highly recommend.
5	Was very impressed with the Level of customer service at this place. Most Asian restaurant, though very tasty food, usually lack warmth and customer service; not this place.The owner walks around and know most of his clients by name! Sharing stories and giving and receving hugs.In top of that they provide a complimentary pot of tea as you sit down.This experience might just make me a regular here!
4	If you're looking for a good Chinese place with a homey feel that has a kitchen that won't scare you, this is your place. All the makings of a "neighborhood" staple without the corporate feel. We brought some out of town relatives here and were pleasantly surprised by the massive menu with seemingly endless choices of all different varieties and styles of Chinese food. K and I were both surprised that when we ordered "spicy as you make it" they actually accommodated us but with real skill. Not the just dumping spices into a dish and over-powering the meal, but actually cooking the spices into the meal so that it had plenty of heat but still the taste the recipe calls for. Only thing preventing 5 stars is the menu was so large that we haven't had enough time to give it a good sample. I can say that all 5 of our guests loved the food, the price was very reasonable, and the staff friendly. A sure hit and we will definitely be back.
4	All of their alcoholic beverages, including martinis are $4.50... but beware, when you order said drink, the server will most likely stare back at you blankly, nod, and walk away. Server will then arrive with a "fruity drink" that may or may not have a crusty cherry in it. But, it's $4.50. Sure, you had a hankering for a Tom Collins, but just keep quiet and drink your fruit punch.  The cuisine here is a notch above the liquor... I cannot tear them apart on this, because it truly is the best Chinese I have ever had for this price. My man and I are creatures of habit and we always order the same things... we start with the egg flower soup, then order the sweet and sour chicken, and lastly, the orange chicken, because we are Americans who love sweet, fattening, fried chicken.The staff is friendly, the food is prompt and delicious, we spend about $30 to $40 each visit and just writing this review makes my mouth water. Cheers
5	Awesome food!  Great service!  Great prices!My favorites are the House Special Chicken, Szechwan Crisp Pork & the Hot & Sour Soup.If you like spicy, ask for extra spicy and get some chili oil too!Yum!
5	I tried Bamboo House for the first time last week, and let me tell you, I will be back soon!!I have found it a little hard to find good Chinese food in Phoenix. I have a couple places I like, but nothing I'd rave about. Until Bamboo House.I've never been to Chinatown in NYC, but if I had to guess, this place would fit right in. I loved the decor. It wasn't new and modern, but old school and comfortable. Reminded me of what a (fictional) popular Chinese restaurant looks like on tv shows.Now the food. I went with the bf and we started with Egg Drop Soup. 5 stars. It was the best I've ever had.  Presented much nicer than standard thrown in a messy cup- it was brought in a pot and served to us. Tons of tofu and veggies ( I love!!), and it wasn't too thick and yolky.I got the beef fried rice, he the mu shu chicken. Beef fried: 4.5 stars. It was delicious. No complaints. Not too dark either. I don't like heavy soy sauce. Mu Shu Chicken was not only chickety-china yummy, but we were fully served. Our waitress folded the crepes for us and delicately placed them on our plates with chopsticks. 4.5 starsThe serving staff had great team work, our table was immediately cleared without us feeling rushed, they were very friendly, and we felt like guests. 5 starsOh and too sweeten it even more, very reasonably priced!!
5	This place is the best, I have been coming here all my life. Their orange chicken is awesome. Come in for lunch and you will get an awesome deal but dinner is not pricey. I still drive from Arcadia for their food if i am really in the mood for great Chinese food.
5	I have been coming to Bamboo house for at least 8 or 9 years now and have never been unsatisfied. The lunch specials are a perfect portion size, at amazing prices.  The orange chicken or orange beef are the best I've had anywhere.  I strongly suggest this place if you are looking for amazing Chinese at a great price!
5	I went in here recently because it is close to home. I didn't go in with high expectations. I fell in love instantly! I The decor is unique and fun, the staff is friendly, and the food is AMAZING! Definitely Yumtastic!
1	From previous experiences, this had become one of our favorite Chinese food restaurants in the valley.  We went here for dinner tonight with high expectations.  Tonight's visit was unbelievably disgusting!  It started off with us receiving dirty silverware only to be replaced twice by none other than some more dirty silverware.  Then the plates we received were dirty and had to be replaced as well.  As if this wasn't disgusting enough, as we were eating, my boyfriend found a dead spider in his food!  We brought in to the attention of the manager and he offered to bring us more food but who could eat after that? Needless to say, that was the end of our dining experience and we will not be returning.
1	I like to make it a point to find the good in all experiences.  Unfortunately, the only good thing that I have to say about my experience is that the portions were huge, however it ended up just being a lot of awful food.  I ordered the chicken Pad Thai. I was excited to see the enormous mound of of Pad Thai next to an equally impressive side of fried rice.  Excitedly, I twirled a good fork full of noodles with a nice piece of chicken, and took what I expected to be a glorious mouth full of my all time favorite Thai dish.  It took everything I had not to spit this deceptive bite of food right back on to the pile of which it came from.  This restaurant uses the wrong noodles, poorly seasoned chicken, and a sauce that left a lot to be desired.  Next I tried the fried rice, which was rice and soy sauce.  Maybe it was just my dish, but it was enough to ensure I wont be visiting this eatery again.  It is unfortunate as the wait staff is very friendly and attentive.
5	I love their lunch specials! They are affordable, delicious, and come with soup and an  egg roll and hot tea. This has been my favorite Chinese food place since I was a kid. Their house special chicken is to die for! I am always greeted politely and within seconds of coming in the door. I have never had bad service here.
1	My girlfriend and I ate here recently and I get nauseas thinking about this place.I ordered a seafood dish with noodles and veggies. The scallops were still very cold in the center. The little corncobs (cant think of the name) tasted stale in my dish as well as my girlfriends. I could only eat a few bites and I had to quit. I hate complaining when I go places and I should have said something to them, but instead I will simply not return and let others know to avoid this place. Simply put, the food sucks and this place needs to close.
4	Definitely hard to find a decent Chinese take out place in AZ when you're from NY, but I must say this place is pretty good, we ordered a few times and it always tastes good, chicken n broccoli was good, pad Thai was good as well, although a lot of people love their hot n sour soup I must say I have tried it and it is good soup but its definitely not Hot or Sour, they put shrimps and chicken in which is a nice addition but it costs as much as a large meal would, I like to get a small h&s soup as an appetizer but I can't do that here because its only 1 size and costs about $8 which I think is too much for a take out place! Other than that I really can't complain, I've never been inside, but when my husband picked up the food he said it looks very clean and nice so it's definitely not one of those places where u question if that chicken and broccoli actually has chicken inside! ; )
2	Meh, I've experienced better, pretty much covers it.The young man who brought water and tea didn't know what tea he was serving us. No straws were brought- big peeve of mine. I dislike drinking from cups at restaurants.The egg rolls tasted of perfume. Chicken chow mien was ok, $5.95 for M-F lunch special. They never asked if we wanted desert.
5	I'll make this easy; this is the best Chinese food in Phoenix.I have eaten here or purchased take-out at least a dozen times, and I have always been amazed at the quality of the food.  There might be flashier Chinese food restaurants in the valley, but I have yet to find one that has better food.
4	There aren't many restaurants in my neighborhood, and even though I'm not usually a fan of Chinese we went to the Bamboo House because it is close.   I'm glad we did, because it was delightful.What I liked about Bamboo House was the service and crunchy veggies.  Family owned and operated, I assume our servers were the owners.  They gave great service.   Our food was good, they veggies especially were cooked perfectly.  Super cute pics of local folks on the walls and funny kitch deco was an added bonus!
5	Get the Orange Chicken.Been going to this place since I moved to Phx in 1998.  The owner used to be Sam and he recently retired.  I have heard it's under new ownership but all the cooks are still there.  I hope so...Sam was always friendly and remembered my group of friends since we started coming in years ago.If you want to try a drink, get a Zombie.  "Strong, but Good"Good egg rolls, poo poo platter, chicken chow mein, house chicken, crystal shrimp, happy family, mongolian beef.  Haven't had a bad meal at Bamboo House!Very well priced compared to other Chinese places of this caliber.  I challenge you to find a better orange chicken in the Valley.
4	We have come to the bamboo house many times. The staff is friendly, restaurant clean, and food is priced well. If you come here you have to try the sizzling rice soup. It is amazing and I say the same thing every time that I could just eat the soup and be done. Side bonus today of a 20% off coupon for the next time we come. We will be back.
5	Great food and great service!  Enjoy this neighborhood restaurant.  Thanks!
1	Since new ownership in late summer of 2013 this once excellent restaurant is a shell of what the former owner built. I have lived in Moon Valley for 30+ years and the Bamboo house was a once a week stop. I will never return! Food quality has diminished, portion size diminished, bland flavor. Take out containers barely 3/4 full. I would welcome to discuss my thoughts with new owners as I am NOT the only one who believes this. My neighbors have the same feelings on the recent downfall of this once neighborhood favorite.
1	The last few times that I have been there, the food has been horrid.  You ask for suicide hot and get sweet!  Ask for crispy and get it so overcooked that it is chicken jerky.  We went to go have lunch the other day and noticed that someone new was hanging a lunch special banner and I asked him if it was new owners.  I was told it was.  Unfortunately, the food is not the same and now I am looking for a new Szechuan place.  Any suggestions?
4	Try the moo shu pork!!  It's great to watch the staff wrap each roll using chop sticks. Such skill. I have none!
5	Still one of the most excellent restaurants in the Valley of the Sun. The most extensive menu we have ever seen (!) with really great food and fast & friendly service. Prices are reasonable too. Our favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.
5	We ordered family meal...first visit!!
4	We usually get the family dinner. It is quite good and plenty of food to share. Give it a try!
5	The Bamboo House may be under new management, but is even better than ever. This outfit has the BEST chinese food in the Valley of the Sun and the WIDEST variety of cuisine you can imagine. The dishes from any portion of the 8 page menu are always excellent to terrific and the prices are GREAT too. We go usually for lunch, order dinner food too, and take food home for subsequent meals. We have been going here for 18 years and are NEVER disappointed. The people we invite to have meals with us here are always impressed and become new customers if they aren't already. Management and service personnel are always friendly and enthusiastic. By the way, the beer is really cold.
4	As a European, I have a love of curry that I've had trouble filling in Phoenix so far, but Bamboo House's shrimp curry with fried rice hit the spot. I'll definitely be back! The crab puffs were yummy too!
5	Bamboo House is an unassuming Chinese restaurant with a cozy, no frills interior. We went on a Saturday night, and they seemed busy. Still, they sat us right away and were incredibly attentive all evening. Great service. Now for the food. The hot and sour soup is a must order. It was perfect. We also ordered the beef and broccoli and the shanghai noodles. Both were super tasty; however, their menu is massive so I don't think I'll ever order the same entree twice. Finally, the drinks. Five stars for their cocktail menu. They have a huge list of cocktails that would do the cast of Mad Men proud. Lots of classics and some fun Polynesian drinks, complete with fruit garnish and paper umbrellas. And the cocktails are cheap to boot, not to mention delicious.  I recommend the coconut gin one. I'm moving away from this neighborhood, but I'll definitely find excuses to head to North Phoenix just so I can get back to this place. A neighborhood gem for sure.
3	Been going here for years its Good food and service, the staff brings out your food quick and refills on time. Its not very spicy so if u like spicy u can ask it to be prepared that way! They also have the condiments mustard, sauces and chili paste if u need more heat! The appitizers are good and reasonably priced, they also have some liqour beer etc.
2	Ok, I USED TO LOOOOVE this place. Mostly, because of the previous owner Sammy and his wife...however my recent experience under the new ownership & management left me missing my prior friendly, efficient, and humble service I so looked forward to seeing before.The food-Same menu, however FRESHNESS....?? My fried rice tasted "day old" and my hot and sour soup, was warm and splattered all over the outside of my bowl. Cleanliness-Although, the new manager seemed well versed and knowledgeable in the area of food and caffeine content in the jasmine tea served, he seemed oblivious to the 3 flys  swarming our dining table...thus leaving me with the notion of not desiring to return anytime soon.  Which, is so disappointing as I liked to frequent this place on a cloudy day.
5	One of our favorite restaurants! Homey atmosphere, with a large menu. Their hot & sour soup is soo good. Our family and friends have never orders badly here, really great place.
5	Update - the Bamboo House has new owners.  The food has not changed and the service seems to be even better.  I still love this place and eat here regularly.
1	We used to really like Bamboo House and were surprised when we went there for lunch and there were no cars in the parking lot, not a single customer inside.   Food was dreadful, like over fried and left on a steam table for a month.  We couldn't even chew through the egg roll and every bite of chicken, half of it was spit out. Stringy tough.They are going to have to do a major overhaul before I go back.
1	Just wasn't goodI really hate to write a negative review about a restaurant that receives so many positive comments but the food at Bamboo House just wasn't good. With that being said let's start off on a positive note.  If you go to Bamboo House , you will receive good customers service. Now time to move onto the meal.  My meal got off to a bad start with the egg-drop soup, which consisted of a tasteless, watery liquid in which floated, hard peas, tofu, and thick strands of eggs.  Moving onto the entrees, the Mongolian Beef was tough and chewy, the chicken chow mein dish was likewise an exercise for one's jaw. The rice, eggrolls, and fried wontons were equally disappointing.In all honesty, I would be hard-pressed to think of a place with worse Chinese food.
3	We occasionally go here, when we are hungry and don't feel like cooking.  The 20% off coupon in the Moon Valley Tattler, helps, too.Tonight my husband ordered Lemon Grass Chicken, which the waiter said was one of his favorites..  It was dry, no sauce, the chicken was dark meat, and kind of fatty.  My husband was not pleased at all.I ordered Curry Shrimp, which is #313 (Curry Chicken), but I ask for shrimp, for a little extra charge.  It was good, but I would not say that it was spicy, like the little red pepper by the description indicated.  But it had a lot of shrimp, and lots of vegetables, and was pretty tasty.Ok, back to my husband -- who was very unhappy with his dish (Lemon Grass Chicken).  We nicely told the waiter that it was dry, and that the chicken was icky, and he nicely offered to bring something else, so my husband settled on the Curry Chicken, and specifically asked if it was "white meat" chicken, and was told yes.They nicely bring extra rice, at no cost, and serve up hot tea, and glasses of water, which was fine with us.  Rich was our waiter.  Thank you for accommodating us, so nicely and professionally.
5	Great dinner food was hot and tasty.   Richard our server was very efficient and friendly.   Great service.
1	The good: it's cheap and the service was great. The bad: I'm still not sure if I was eating chicken...I ordered the Chicken Chow Mein in hopes of receiving a dish so good my guilt for ordering it would disappear into a plate of fresh and flavorful noodles; however, the so-called "Chicken Chow Mein" from Bamboo House left me regretting every decision I ever made that afternoon. (I'm still not sure if it was chicken I was eating.) The fried rice tasted like old burnt leftovers - my lover and I kept imagining the food coming from the frozen section at your local grocery store. Unfortunately, I think the frozen section would have better prepared food than this place. I hate writing bad reviews because it's the death of restaurants, but when the food tastes like leftovers from the patrons of last nights dinner rush - and by rush I mean 6 people - and the chicken is so questionable that you contemplate drinking toilet water so the possibility of throwing up is higher, you have to share the bad news.
1	As I try to chew my rubbery, non-spicy General Tso's chicken, I'm writing this review with a feeling of  regret for spending $30 at this place. I'm pretty sure the chicken is seasoned with beef flavor Top Ramen spice, and the pad Thai is made with the noodles from the same package. I contemplated finishing the food but I think I'm going to have to wave the white flag. Never. Again.
4	Love this place for take-out! They have taken my expired 20% off coupons, which is nice. They are always fast and friendly and the food is great. I have never encountered any "mystery meat" in any dishes I have ordered. The orange chicken is the best! Not as sweet and fried like other places. The won ton soup is another favorite.
