5	Great crepes and fantastic artisan coffee!  The lunch menu looks fantastic and very nice cafe atmosphere.  Staff were very nice, service was great, and there is a really comfortable seating are with free wifi.  Can't wait to go back and try more especially since they are open early and stay open until 9 or 9:30 for dinner!
5	They have Waffles, Sandwiches and Crepes some Mediterranean influences for sure and I asked for one of the Sandwiches to be made as a Crepe they said "Sure"!  Chicken Shawarma with Feta, Red onions and Eggplant marinated in Moroccan Spices, with Tahini lemon Vinaigrette, Served with a side of Couscous???  Everything was Incredibly Fresh!  They were very Busy for 1:30pm (Black Friday) and Incredibly Fast!  They have only been open about a week!Open Kitchen!!!  You can watch them grilling the food and making the Crepes!Fantastic Service! Everyone was very Friendly and Efficient!
4	I'm surprised that this is the second review since I've already been there 3 times. Oddly, I still haven't tried a dessert crepe!  This new place in SouthEnd next to My Townhome is well located and a good spot to get a meal or a snack.Our favorite dishes are the chipotle chicken crepe, the eggplant tartine (delish!) and caramelized waffles. The tartine came with a melange of roasted veggies including more eggplant that was awesome and I think I would like to have that as the side with everything (even though the orzo salad was great too). My friend enjoyed her portobello grilled cheese panini. The lemon peppered chicken crepe left a bit to be desired, and I wish that they had a creamy chicken and mushroom one like the delicious ones at Cafe Monte, or a shrimp artichoke one. They make crepes on site in front of you so it actually is a bit smoky in there, so they need to keep the door open or figure out the ventilation a bit better.  They didn't do too much with the upfit, so I think they could get a little more creative to make it feel more cozy.  But I look forward to returning and trying the salads and dessert crepes or chocolate dipped strawberries!
3	Well, we enjoyed an early lunch here and were glad to have beaten the rush. Folks were piling in after we had ordered. We thought that this was a good sign. We both had savory dishes with-- the Chipotle Chicken being really tasty. Per the menu it consists of "Cumin crusted chicken slices topped with pico de gallo, jack cheese, sliced avocado & chipotle cream" and comes with a side orzo pasta salad.  All of these ingredients worked well together and tasted fresh.  I also tried a Caramel Macchiato. Although I could taste the caramel and hints of vanilla, I will ask for maybe an extra shot of espresso. It was a little weak for my tastes. Service was decent and the owners seemed nice and asked if all was good. Prices are moderate. We will have to come back and try some of the sweeter choices.
2	2.5 stars here.  It's not terrible, but the value just isn't there. I gave this place two tries and I was really excited for it opening, but I was not really impressed with it.I am not a crepe connoisseur, but the crepes were very doughy and heavy, rather than thin.  Also, there was not much flavor to the breakfast crepe I had.After trying the crepe, I tried their Liege waffle.  Unfortunately, that too was very doughy and left me not feeling that well.  (I did enjoy the bonus chocolate covered strawberry, though)The #1 downside of this place are their high PRICES.  I would not mind the food being mediocre, but the prices are very high for the quality you get.  I think I am done with this place for now until someone persuades me to return.For now, if I want crepes, I will keep going back to Hazelnuts Creperie.
2	I was very excited to try this place, but very disappointed.  We had to clear our own tables after asking twice, which the girl at the register said "I'll get someone out there when I can."  The waitress lost one of the orders at our table and 2 at the table next to ours.  The food was good, but I am not likely to return soon.
3	Had heard some good things about this place and was excited to check it out. I'm not the biggest fan of crepes, but thought it was cool that another creperie was opening in town. Located on South Blvd, the parking can be a little hairy. You'll have to grab a meter or score a spot in one of the close garages. Not my ideal situation, but it's pretty cool that it's right off of the street. There is some outdoor seating with umbrellas which are nice, too. Always great to see the hustle and bustle on South during the day. The interior is pretty spacious. Plenty of tables and a small lounge area with some comfy chairs. Tons of natural light coming in their large windows, too. Very welcoming. The open kitchen is a HUGE plus, too. Always fun to watch someone make crepes. Great for kids. I had no idea when the menu held, so I went with the first sweet crepe on the menu. Maple Cream. This is where these guys lost it for me. It was a pretty standard crepe. Some whipped cream and fruit on the side. But....filled what was the equivalent of low-grade paper canister icing that you find in the grocery store. The worst part? There was SO MUCH of it. It was so overpoweringly sweet that I had to discard almost all of it for it to be slightly enjoyable. Really disappointing. Though, I think some of their savory crepes would be more enjoyable. Hoping to check those out next time. I can't say I'll be rushing back it anytime soon, but these guys have a pretty cool setup. Really dig the open kitchen and think some of their concoctions are cool. Worth a shot, in my opinion. Just ask for LESS maple cream, should you venture down that road.
2	We were really excited to try this place.  The crepe filling had great flavor but the actual crepe was very tough and chewy.  If you have ever had a good crepe you will not be at all impressed.  The waffle was just okay.  If it sticks around for a while I'm sure we'll hit it again to see if they have changed their batter.  Everything was fresh with good intentions but a commitment to one particular item means it has to be special.  It certainly was not special.  The decorating is a bit awkward and appears unfinished.   Our food runner was very pleasant though a bit nervous.  I was still hungry when I left.  More calories burned chewing than ingested.  Best of luck Crispy Crepe.
3	Didn't love it, didn't hate it.  I truly want to support this place and give them credit for their efforts.  We tried the tomato, basil and mozzarella crepe and added chicken.  It came with a generous-sized side item.  It was good.  I've had crepes where they are crunchy but this was more soggy and it required a fork.  It was like a big, greasy, doughy mess by the time I was half way in.  Just not the best in my opinion.I didn't try any of the sweet crepes but they had quite a selection and a couple of them seem worth a 2nd try.  I won't hoof it over here again just to visit crispy crepe but if I'm in the area I am not opposed to giving them another shot.
4	I'm not a crepe expert but I'm sold. I went in expecting to find a bunch of sweet crepes but was completely caught off guard with all the non-sweet crepes on the menu. I ordered the chocolate Nutella crepe with bananas, and I am a chocolate lover. I ashamed to say there was just too much chocolate! Lets not talk about that ever again. The crepe came with an awesome side of pineapple & chocolate covered strawberry. I need to go back and try a savory crepe!
4	Great place for breakfast on the weekend. Quiet noise level, but busy. Located right on South Blvd, there is plenty to watch as you eat. I had the Banana Pecan waffle, which was delicious. Paired with fresh fruit and a latte, it's my new favorite place to go on the weekend.
2	Since Crispy Crepe is near my apartment complex, I was so excited for its opening. My first visit there was a late weekday. I ordered the Turkey Fontina sandwich, which was decent. Very average flavors despite its description. The "gourmet salad" was incredibly underwhelming. It consisted of chickpeas and some sparse feta vegetable-ish stuff. I ordered a croissant for the morning but they were out. To compensate, they included some chocolate strawberries. Nice touch! Definitely the highlight of the meal. Thank God that strawberry is in their logo. Ok, so the first meal 3/5 but then again... I didn't try their specialty. Armed for round two, I checked Yelp for recommendations. Despite some of the other reviews, I got myself a crepe for dinner tonight. Crispy Crepe? More like Chewy Crepe. You guys are right! The crepe was doughy, thick, and TOUGH. I couldn't bite into it, let alone cut it with a fork and knife. I ordered the Chocolate Chip Cannoli Crepes which called for ricotta filling and chocolate chips. Honestly, the filling felt cheap and almost offensive. The ricotta filling was thin and granular with no hint of ricotta. It was like they were trying to pull a fast one. I would have much rather walked across the street and gotten a real one from Nova's. The crepes came with a side of fruit in the same soupy creme. And my chocolate covered strawberry--the star of my previous meal--was partially mushy.This sealed the deal. I wanted to like Crispy Crepe. I really did! The owner is such a nice man, and the staff is very accommodating. However, for a more expensive lunch joint, I need better quality and substance.
2	I heard about this new crepes place in town and thought I'd check it out. I should have looked at reviews online before going. The ambiance is not what I expected. It kind of has a cheap feel to it once inside. Maybe it was the website and pictures that made me have higher expectations.I ordered one of their specialties - the maple cream crepe. It was okay, but way overpriced at $10. My friend drinks coffee (I don't). She had to ask for another latte, because there were coffee grinds in her drink. When she got the new latte she said, "I think the coffee is just bad here." I didn't have any issues with the food taking a long time or it being crowded. There is another crepes place in NoDa (farther from me in South Charlotte) that I think is better. Bottom line: Sounds like it would be great, but very lackluster and not worth going.
4	I've been here twice.  The first time I ordered the waffle and I thought it was good, not great.  It had the lovely caramelized sugar nuggets that we all love, but I thought the waffle itself was a bit dense.  Before I gave it a review, I wanted to give it a fair shot and order the restaurant's namesake, a crepe.  I'm so glad I went back!  The crepe was phenomenal!!!  I ordered the gyro crepe and was very happy.  The portion was huge and the filling was great.  It's something I honestly don't know if you'll be able to find anywhere else in Charlotte.  For dessert I got the S'Mores crepe to take home to my husband.  Once we started eating it, I realized I should've ordered two!  Again, excellent.  The only thing that keeps me from giving this place 5 stars was the slight disappointment in the original waffle.  I'll definitely be returning and ordering more crepes.
4	Sweet and savory crepes. Best of both worlds. Not huge selection but they do have a decent variety. A bit on the pricey side, but the quality and filling for almost all their items are premium.Also, you can see them make your crepe (which I always find entertaining)
2	We went there with a living social we bought so I expected a crowd. After getting a seat we got in line and it took roughly ten minutes to order it seemed they did not have a grasp on how to run things smoothly. I was not told I had to get my own coffee so I waited until everything was brought out and then was told. Our food was not that great my gf got a Nutella banana and said it was over cooked and lacking In banana . I got a bacon cheddar egg and it had tons of cheese lousy turkey bacon and hardly any egg. So the food was not so good and the service and all around design was not great. I know they are new so we might give it another try in 6 months.
5	I bought a Living Social coupon to try this restaurant, i would have never have known about it otherwise.  The casual atmosphere will shock you with the gourmet food you will receive.  My daughter ordered the Roastbeef panini and loved it.  I had the shrimp crepe and my husband had the chicken chipole crepe.  We all LOVED our entrees!  For dessert  my daughter ordered the oreo crepe.  She loved it, but for me it was sugar overload.  my husband and I shared the Cookie butter waffle.  There are not words!!!!  Carmelized crispy sugar, bananas whipped creme!!!  We are already planning our next trip.  I read the comment about no coffee refills, that must have changed, we were offered free coffee refills, and had fast and very courtiest  service.  Love, love love this restaurant!!!!
3	I am hard on crepes, since I've been out of the states and have had them in International territory-where they basically live off crepes for their only diet.  I had a breakfast crepe and it was good, but the crepe itself seemed too dense-like a pancake, when in actuality, it should be quite light and fluffy-and served in a cone shape, not on a plate like an omelette.  The service was delightful and I would like to give them a try for a sweet crepe sometime.  If they blow my mind, I will revise my review. :)
5	See my tip...I think the main concern is the parking. Don't be! It's in the back, INTO the garage which is absolutely free and safe.  HOMEMADE CREPES in EVERY order - and keep in mind, it's NOT small. It's pretty big crepe, even when it's folded. Defy thumbs up!! CUTE place to dine... I will return for breakfast one day SOON! ...and the price? Really? Can you actually find a fault with this???
3	Didn't get any crepes based on the 45-minute wait, but our food ended up taking around 30-minutes regardless. Has the turkey bacon/egg croissant and a waffle platter. Seating was pretty limited.
4	This is such a cute cafe.  Stop by and have a cup or coffee or grab a bite to eat. I had not heard a lot about this place besides what I read on Yelp but purchased a deal on Living Social to try it out. We stopped in the day before Valentines day so it was fairly slow. I had the Shrimp Crepe which was awesome. The outside was crispy though the inside that was wrapped around a ton of filling was a bit chewy as others have pointed out. I still loved my meal.  My boyfriend wanted to try the Shawarma and asked that it be made as a crepe. Just as others had found the chef had no issues accommodating this and he said it too was really good. I also had a Vanilla Cafe Latte which was so good. We sat around for a while after dinner chatting over our coffee.   I can't wait until it is warm enough to sit out on the patio.
2	Was excited for this place to finally open as there signs were up for quite some time.  Went in one evening for dessert and coffee.  Took a small table with leather lounge type chairs.  When our two crepes and coffee were delivered (order at the counter and they bring out to you) the plates were hanging off the table and had to be very careful not to knock coffee of the table.  Mind you there were 4 chairs around this table.  The plates were huge which was overly annoying and not well thought out.  The crepes themselves were actually quite thick, very large, and overly sweet for my taste.  One would definately have been enough for two people to share (especially as a dessert).  I wish they would have advised of this when we were ordering.  Suggestion would be to advise customers of the size or possibly offer a smaller portion option.  I also found the prices to be a little on the high side for dessert.  Our two dessert crepes and specialty coffees were about $25.  I do have to say that they add a chocolate covered strawberry to each dessert (not that you really need any more to eat) that is absolutely delicious.  I will most likely not visit again but if I do will be very mindful of the portion size and prices.
4	This is a cute little get away for coffee or desserts, its great for a date or just going to hang out.  I had the apple streusel crepe and it was very delish, my friend had the cinnamon roll crepe and it was VERY sweet; almost like  cinnamon toast crunch cereal.  I do recommend this place for something fun and quaint and its very enjoyable.
5	Gyro Crepe was superb.  I've also had salads - all fresh, all dressings, sweets, everything made on site.  Kids love the sweet crepes.  Others have written about chewy crepes - they make each one to order.  If you want it more crispy - simply ask!   They are very accommodating for your order.Weekends are very busy - I believe worth the wait!
2	When for a Sunday meal after church and was very disappointed.  The five of us (2 adults and 3 children) wait an hour for a table.  The staff act dumb founded as to how to find us a table.  We saw other who came in after us and got seated with little to no wait.  For the price the food was ok, but does not deserve a second visit. If wasn't for the rain and the hassle of driving somewhere else and getting the family wet again, then we would have left before seating. In a nutshell: seat can be limited and the staff is clueless.  I don't for see this place staying open too long.
4	The first time I tried this place out, the service was S - L - O - W. They were understaffed that night but the place had no more than 10 customers so it shouldn't have been an issue. A good time to go is during lunch, surprisingly. There isn't much of a crowd. I am a fan of the bruchetta crepe. It's got a lot of flavor and texture and is very filling. My favorite is the roasted eggplant flatbread. It's served like a pizza pie, big enough to share for two. Packed with so much flavor it'll rock your senses. I'm already craving it as I type this out. Definitely don't leave without trying a dessert crepe. Can't go wrong with any of them but anything Nutella always hits the spot. They also offer gluten-free crepes, so that's a plus for those seeking that option. Oh, and, try to be seated as far away from the kitchen area as possible or you'll walk out smelling like grease.
3	This place is ok, but I don't know that I will be rushing back.  I had the egg and veggie cheddar crepe.  I really liked it but i agree with the other reviews that they are more rubbery crepes than crispy.  My wife had the waffle, egg, and turkey bacon platter.  The waffle was extremely dense.  We couldn't tell if it was under cooked or if that was how it was intended.  The flavor reminded me of a soft pretzel dough...kind of.  All in all..not bad...not great...but with so many unique items on the menu we will probably give it another try one of these days.
1	The prices are way too high and the food is bad. You have been warned!
4	Holy good crepe!  This place is pretty freakin good.It's tucked in a little corner off of S. Blvd and is not that noticeable from the street.  I wouldn't have randomly stopped by here and only knew of this place because some coworkers told me about it.  Crispy Crepe has a good amount of tables, and also have some couches, but I would recommend sitting at the tables so it would be easier to eat.  I thought it was great that the tables all had a touch of a real flower in a small vase.  Made it feel nice inside.Their menu has different variety, but not too much to overwhelm you with what you should choose.  I decided to get the Mediterranean Chicken, and man o man did I make the right choice!  The food was good, and not at a bad price either.  I'm sure I could have watched them make my food as they have a big glass where you can view them making the crepes, but I wanted to score a seat at a table before it started getting too busy.The only reason this place lost a star is because with their parking, I had to park at a meter and parallel parking is not my forte.  I plan on going back one day and getting a dessert crepe to fulfill my sweet tooth needs.
3	I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, and buying the Groupon gave me just such an opportunity to do so.  Thus, my partner and I ventured here fairly early on a Saturday morning for breakfast.Cookie Butter Latte:  Holy cow, this drink was flippin' awesome.  It was not too sweet, tasted very smooth, and I absolutely loved the cookies that came with it.  All the flavors came together well to produce a tasty drink.  I would come back here again just for this drink.  (5/5)Americano:  Surprisingly, this was not as good as the latte.  I suppose when you add the milk and sweetness, you really don't get a lot of the coffee flavor.  By itself, the coffee was a little plain tasting and a little bitter.  (2/5)Maple Delight Waffle:  When this came out, my first thought was that it was so small for the price.  However, when I cut into, I realized how dense the waffle was.  I suppose that's not surprising, since it's made from dough rather than a batter.  The flavor of the waffle itself was good, and I liked the thick yet soft texture of it.  The waffle itself was fairly sweet.  When you added the maple cream, whipped cream, and syrup, it was more like eating a dessert than eating a breakfast dish.  It was good, but a little too sweet and rich.  I could not finish it.  (3/5)Egg and Bacon Cheddar Crepe:  I don't think I have ever had crepes this thin and crispy, which was definitely different.  The crepe itself was lighter in texture and less doughy than other ones I've had, and I really enjoyed that.  However, it had very little of the bacon in it and was mostly eggs.  That was a little disappointing.  The bacon that was in it was  good, though, and overall I did enjoy it.  For the price, though, the portions were not terribly big.  (3/5)The staff was pretty friendly and efficient.  Our food came out quickly.  It's bright and cheery in there and I love the open design.  It's nice that they have decent parking in the garage and some street parking as well, but I am guessing there is an issue later in the evening when World of Beer starts filling up.Overall, it was good, but without the Groupon, I don't know if I felt like everything was worth it.  I'd be willing to try it again.  Goodness knows I will likely come back here next time I'm craving that cookie butter latte.
4	Charlotte is not a big crepe city so if you're looking for something unique in concept, give it a shot. Food's good - def a crowd (and a wait) on your typical weekend brunch times like Sun 10-1. Very laid back place to have a coffee and grab a crepe - as a meal, dessert, or just for fun.
4	I ate at Crispy Crepe with my husband on a Friday evening and truly enjoyed the experience. Although our food took a little time getting to us it was worth the wait. We ordered the Pecorino chicken and Bruschetta crepes and split them between ourselves. We both had the little hummus with cilantro side. We really enjoyed our food!!  I can truly say it was better than I expected. This was my first time eating at a crepe place....my husband's second. He said he enjoyed his crepes at Crispy Crepe better than another place he'd tried. I also thought the meal was filling. Although my mouth was salivating at the dessert crepe that was being served at the table beside us, I was too full to order dessert. I am so glad we took a chance on a Groupon deal for this or we probably wouldn't have known it existed. The atmosphere was relaxing and consequently we were very comfortable and enjoyed the evening at Crispy Crepe immensely. We would definitely go back.
1	Never again.  Just left this restaurant havin experienced the worst service ever. Waited over an hour when the hostess told us that it would be a 20 to 30 minute wait at the longest. After we were finally seated we waited another 7 minutes for a waitress to even talk to us. Followed by 30 minutes to actually get our food. I don't know about you but 30 minutes for a egg and bacon crossant is ridiculous. Water was never refilled nor were we asked if we need anything else. I counted over 6 people in the kitchen, so for such a small restaurant with such a simple menu there is really no excuse. Most of the wait staff seemed confused and lost like they have never been in a actual restaurant before. As for the food it was just okay. Nothing special. I was excited to have a new restaurant so close to home, but with crap service like today I can't be sure they will last long.
4	Hey I'd give this place a thumbs up. Not alot of crepe spots in the Queen City, but hey. That's ok hit up Crispy Crepe for waffles, crepes or lunch. During my visit I endulged in the Cannoli Crepe ( pretty delishnessous) and the chedder and veggie crepe. The chedder and veggie was much healthier, but hey you gotta mix it up to keep them LB's off. The crispy crepe has healthy options and endulgence.  If I'm looking for a crepe or some waffles I'll will return.
5	My cousin and I visited Crispy Crepe and used a Living Social coupon for $20 which covered the entire tab.  This place has changed format since the last time I came.  It used to to be more of a self service and order at the register type place but now it appears to be full service and sit down.We ordered two crepes - one sweet and one savory and split the two which was absolutely perfect portions and flavors.  The Mediterranean crepe is like a Greek salad with chicken in a crepe and was very tasty and an interesting blend of flavors.  The Bonafie crepe was absolutely amazing with butterscotch and bananas.  Every bite was just the perfect amount of sweet and crispy and so tasty. The service was attentive and prompt.  Using the Living Social coupon ($10 for $20) and leaving a $5 tip was an incredible deal of $15 total for two adults to eat some excellent food with great service.  I would highly recommend this place especially if you can each get a sweet and savory crepe and split them.The parking is past the restaurant down at the bottom of the building in the garage.  It may be a little tricky if you've never been to that building before but it's still a very short walk to the restaurant.
3	Went here last weekend for a late lunch to sit outside with a friend. We split the Caesar Asparagus Salad and the Grilled Cheese Portabella mushroom sandwich which were really tasty! Definitely good quality products!  As others have said, the parking is a little hairy if you go at a busy time but there are normally spots in the parking deck behind the restaurant. Though our server was extremely sweet and informative, it seemed our food took longer than expected, especially since we were 1 of 2 tables there at the time (over 25 minutes).If you're in a rush, this isn't the place for you. Definitely a place to sit back and relax. Absolutely willing to give it a go again though since the food was so delicious!Happy eating!
5	We've had the sweet, we've had the savory and I'm not sure which was more delightful.  Great flavors, rich and wonderful.... Can't wait to experience more of the great offerings from this JEM! And to boot, they serve Coca-Cola!  A match made in heaven!  We will most definitely be back!
4	Crispy Crepe is SUPER yummy! I am not a huge fan of crepes, but the Cannoli crepe was amazing.  My only beef-- the place is open to the kitchen, which is nice; however, there does not seem to be much ventilation.  My suggestion, sit outside.P.S. - They also have really good coffee!
3	This place was ok...I ordered the Egg 'n' Turkey Bacon Waffle Platter, the eggs were fine, nothing to write home about, the waffle was burnt on the outside and not cooked on the inside and way too sweet. The potatoes were not 'au gratin', they were more like mashed pototatoes, but with some salt and pepper they were fine.My boyfriend ordered the peanut butter and chocolate chip crepe, which was really yummy...probaby too sweet for a breakfast, but something we would probably go back and split for a dessert.And as some other reviewers have mentioned, there doesn't seem to be proper ventilation from the kitchen, the whole place is kind of hazy and full of smoke from the kitchen. Sit outside if you can, at least until they install some overhead vents for their open kitchen.We'll probably give this place another chance...but we'll see.
4	I went here with my Mom after we dropped my daughter off for a 3 week trip to Greece and thought crepes would be a great reminder when my daughter and I were in Greece a few years back.The staff were so pleasant and I loved our waitress who assured us our choices were good ones.  Seeing the portions were huge, I had the vegetable & cheese and split it w/ Mom. Our waitress asked if we're sharing and served us each half. Thank goodness because it was stuffed and would have been a mess trying to divide it. We had to get a sweet crepe so decided to split the Apple.....oh my!!!  That hit the spot...yes sweet but don't put sugar in your coffee because I wldnt have them change a thing.All the previous complaints, I didn't experience but the tables weren't filled at 11:30 on a Tuesday.I will be back with Hubby soon!!!
4	Sooooo... I didn't order a crepe but the waffle is more than likely just as good as them. It's sweet but not too sweet with the German sugar... Towards the end it did start to taste a little too sweet. Maybe it's because of the White Hot Chocolate... Which might I add was REALLY GOOD!!! Not too hot, just right. Creamy, buttery flavor. Definitely better than the White Hot Chocolate from Starbucks. Anyway, the potatoes au gratin is aaaawwwesommmme!!!!  And the turkey bacon is on point. Not like that fake stuff you buy in the store. I really would have been good with the bacon, potatoes, and hot chocolate. My eggs weren't really cooked right, but in light of the other parts of my dish... I could ignore the eggs. Nice spot for some brunch.I think I'll try a crepe next time. Savory or sweet? Who knows?
2	My wife and I live nearby and really like the atmosphere and clientele at the Crispy Crepe. However, the last two times we've been there have been bad experiences. One time we were seated outside, ordered our food, and waited more than 50 minutes before it came out. The second time, we ordered an Egg, Bacon, Cheese omelet for brunch to go, and when we got it home it was a vegetable omelet - not even close! If you can't get my order right, and when you do, it takes almost an hour, I will definitely take my business elsewhere.
5	Went here on a Sunday afternoon and started out with a delicious Creme Brulee latte. (They torch the sugar on top. So good!) I ordered the Bruschetta crepe and my boyfriend ordered one of the more dessert-y crepes, so I got to try a little of both. Both exceeded expectations! If you want to go to a place with interesting, delicious food, I would totally check it out. Already trying to figure out how soon is too soon to go back!
4	I've been wanting to try out Crispy Crepe since it opened, and finally made it there yesterday.  First off, let me say that the service was great.  Our server was very friendly and offered several great suggestions.  I started with the ham and cheddar crepe (not sure if that is the actual name).  It honestly tasted just like a ham and cheese hot pocket.  Although I really like those hot pockets, and the crepe was good, I probably wouldn't order it again.  I would rather buy the $2.00 hot pocket from HT than the $7.99 crepe.  My fiancee got the chipotle chicken flat bread and said it was very good.We ended the night with the peanut butter chocolate crepe.  Do yourself a favor and get this crepe.  It was delicious.  It had melted peanut butter cups that just oozed out when you cut into it, and mixed with the chocolate drizzle.  It was served with some whipped cream that was just ok and a chocolate covered strawberry.  I honestly want another one right now.So, overall a good experience.  I'm definitely going to go  back.  There menu us pretty big and several options looked tasty.  Be careful about sitting outside.  Although it was a nice spot, we were annoyed by numerous flies the entire meal.
4	Sweet treats abound at Crispy Crepe. In addition to the crepes, they have liege waffles and creative coffee drinks. For those who arent aware, a liege waffle is different and much better than a normal waffle. These belgian style waffles are filled with pearl sugar that caramelizes when cooked. Theyre more like desserts than breakfast dishes. My favorite crepe is the fresh fruit medley which is filled with strawberries, bananas, and honeydews then topped with a dulce de leche sauce. The menu description says that is also includes kiwis but I have never seen a kiwi in this crepe and Ive ordered it several times-I wish theyd actually start putting them in. One of my only complaints about Crispy Crepe is that their menu descriptions are also inaccurate. The bananofie crepe is good but I was a little peeved about the misleading menu description. This crepe is supposed to be filled with bananas and a butterscotch custard. I love custards so I was a bit dismayed when my crepe arrived and was topped with a butterscotch sauce instead of a custard-not the same thing! It was still very tasty but I think it would be even better with a real custard. Ive never had a chance to order the coffee drinks because its hard for me to drink a sugary drink while also eating a sweet dish but one day, Ill have to come in to get coffee and nothing else. The butter cookie latte sounds intriguing. Overall, very good but beware of the fact that what you order may not match the description exactly!
5	My husband and I have probably been to Crispy Crepe over 10 times.  They see us coming and greet us with "welcome back"  at this point.  I have tried quite a few menu items but the Cookie Butter Waffle is my favorite.  The waffles have a yeast flavor (not our American type waffles.. read about the caramelizing pearl sugar, non-bromated flour, etc. on the CC site).  It is served with the Biscoff European Cookie Butter, whipped cream, bananas, and topped with a chocolate covered strawberry.  :)  It is just big enough to leave me satisfied, but not stuffed!  The waffles are not huge, but are thick, Belgian-style.The Bruschetta (add chicken) or Caesar Crepe (I forget the actual name) are both wonderful.  My husband enjoys the eggs, turkey bacon, waffle and gratin potato dish, but does wish they offered regular bacon. (Not turkey bacon fans). He also enjoys their sandwiches.  My vegetarian son loves a lot of their dishes, crepes, and coffees.The owner is very nice and on Mother's Day (after eating a large lunch at Cowfish) I wanted a Cookie Butter Waffle that evening.  They treated us like royalty and even brought me out a flower for Mother's Day (my second of the day).  I thought that was very considerate.  The interior is very European (reminds me a lot of Cafe Monte in SouthPark, if you have been there.. very French).  Outside patio seating is available.  Parking is in the rear in a HUGE (free) garage for those of you who are having a problem with that.We had one slow waiter experience, which we over looked since they were in training, and one take out apple/brie crepe that was not so hot.. (eat these crepes while they ARE crispy)... not so hot for take out, as they do lose their crispness in a take out container.I have never minded the kitchen (it is glassed off from the main dining area & I enjoy seeing them at work), and our food is always hot from a heating lamp they use to keep the entire meal hot while getting it ready to bring to the table at one time.  I have not yet tried the salads, but they look fantastic.  They do gluten-free dishes, also.  While I usually eat gluten free, I have found I can eat these waffle with the non-bromated flour without problems.  I will definitely be continuing to visit Crispy Crepe for my Cookie Butter Waffle fix! :)
3	Groupon had round 2 of coupons for Crispy Crepe, so I decided to give them another try after a so-so first visit.Well, round 2 was just not much better, but an improvement.First big difference was that it wasn't the same, order and pay at the counter and we'll bring it to you sort of thing. This time, we were seated and had a server order our food and bring us our check, etc. This was definitely more relaxing. This time they also had their patio poppin'. We ate outside at like 7:30 on a Thursday in July, the weather and ambiance was perfect.I tried the Crispy Cheese crepe this time. Unfortunately it just tasted like a cheese quesidilla. It wasn't bad, just boring and lacking in texture. The menu says it's served with a grape tomato relish, but it really was just a couple sliced grape tomatoes with a vinaigrette. I got the black bean and corn salsa-like salad as my side... not good, not bad. My boyfriend on the other hand, LOVED his crepe this time around. He ordered the Chipotle Chicken Crepe and was all about that thing. He ate every single bite and would totally order it again. So, we'll definitely be back so my boyfriend can order the Chipotle Chicken Crepe again and I will still be on a quest to find a decent vegetarian crepe option here.
5	I have loved this place since they opened. My husband and I now consider ourselves crepe connoisseurs and go places in search of the best crepe! They have an array of sweet and savory delights to choose from, and I have never been disappointed!  I've had the Pecorino Chicken, the Apple Streusel Crepe, and the Chocolate Chip Cannoli and all three are delicious! The crepes taste delicate and the ingredients are very fresh!
3	I got a flat bread but it was more of a salad with mushy bread.  I wish I would have skipped straight to dessert & only gotten the sweet crepe.  I had the apple crepe and it was wonderful.
3	This place is okay. We didn't wait long for a table but we did wait to get our drink order taken, and then about 20 minutes for our food, which was one crepe and one cinnamon waffle. Our waitress was busy I guess because she didn't seem to check on us often, and she didn't really speak up which she needed to do because that place is loud. I got my waffle and wanted a steak knife to cut through it. I remember going to a waffle place that had waffles like these before, and they were done in 5 minutes and I didn't need a sharp knife to cut through them. So this waffle wasn't my favorite waffle. On my list of favorite waffles it comes in right under that weird store brand frozen waffle I bought one time because there was a picture of a meadow on the box. In retrospect what does a meadow have to do with waffles? I don't know. My friend didn't like the coffee but my frozen mocha smoothie was pretty alright. He got a gyro crepe and said it was basically a salad stuffed into a crepe. The potatoes au gratin were pretty good though. One thing I didn't like was the lack of sides you could order. I figure you can order sides, but it would have been nice to see what was available instead of having to rely on the soft spoken waitress who I could not hear.
4	This was a great little find. (thanks to yelp)These folks specialize in crepes and waffles. I have fallen in love with the Maple waffle, YUM!The food portions are about right and the choices on the menu are all quite health when you thing about it. Dexter and I love this place because they have a nice outdoor seating that is far enough away from the road.They do a great job at recognizing you when you come back.After talking with the wait staff and chefs, these guys are always on the look out for new menu items to add and improve their menu.
3	Parking was difficult. Really liked my crepe, but others at the table didn't have the same experience. I won't be back soon unless it's for takeout -- the ventilation in the restaurant was horrible and the cook is very close to patrons, so fumes from cooking hung in the air (and my clothes) and left me with a headache.
1	Mediocre restaurant at best, but if you plan on visiting any of their neighboring business and you parked in their designated spots (even after they're closed) your car is probably going to get towed. Also, while on the phone asking about the where abouts of my car (no signs saying who to call) the manager proceeded the tell the girl who answered the phone, 'if anyone asks the speak to the manager tell them I'm not here'. Great look guy, wont be coming back here any time soon, and I'll make sure none of my friends do :)
5	I eat out all the time, and I can say without any hesitation, this was the most outstanding dish I've had in months: Bruschetta Crepe with chicken, with a side of fruit... Dessert was: Cookie Butter Waffle, topped with a chocolate covered strawberry. There wasn't a single bite of food left on either plates. Amazing service, decent atmosphere.. Sensational/fresh food. I only wish they were closer to my house, so I could eat Crispy Crepe daily. Only downfall: they're not open on Monday's.
2	It wasn't bad, but I wasn't impressed. There was more crepe than filling, no distinct flavors everything tasted monotone. I didn't like the setup of the dining floor, felt like they grouped certain crowds together.  The Belgian Waffle had so much whipped topping and caramel you couldn't taste the waffle.  We've had better.
4	Was heading towards Carrabba's for Lunch and my friend noticed several patrons sitting outside the patio and wanted to check out this cafe.This is a very spacious eatery. Once you walk it, the staff noted you can sit anywhere you like. We wanted to be by the open kitchen to see how they prepare the crepes and waffles.We ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Crepe and the Grilled Marinated Shrimp Crepe. Bother crepes was delicious. Large portions and perfect size for brunch, lunch or dinner. They did not have salmon crepes which was my favorite.There were refills for coffee and tea. Staff checked to see if we wanted refills and water.For those allergic to certain food make sure staff knows. My friend is allergic to onions and told waiter to remove out of crepe which they forgot when the crepe was brought out. Informed waiter again and they took care of it right away.Will be back to try the sweet crepes the next time I am in the neighborhood.As you walk out the door look out for bowl of water for the dog. Almost stepped into it.Metered parking outside of the restaurant. Whole street on South Blvd is metered parking. Make sure you have coins available.
4	Great way to start an late Saturday morning. Came here with a buddy after a round of golf and this place hit the spot. It was busy, but took really long to get seated--about thirty minutes.  Given the simplicity of preparing the crepes, the rose itself took a long time to get to us.  Server was very detailed and repeated our order but still got the sides wrong--mine on buddy's plate and vice versa. She was nice so I can't knock her for that.  The crepes themselves were tasty an very filling.  The berry shake though, is where it's at!Still coming back here bc the shake was so good... Did I tell you how good the shake is here?dmo out.
1	My partner and I went there for brunch over a weekend. When we were sat the restaurant was only about half full. The tables around us were being served but no server helped us for about 15 minutes. When we were were finally approached by a waitress she told us " I didn't see you, you should've waived your hands to signal me."I ordered a "House Specialty" the waffle and egg combination... my partner ordered a side of hummus... both where very bland and tasteless, so we stopped eating after a few bites. I noticed several others around us that only ate a few bites as well.The server asked us how everything was, we told her that it was bland ... she then said "Don't blame me, I don't make it!" She then came back with the full bill and we then asked to speak to the manager. He then came over and we told him the story and he ended up comping our meal, with the waitress yelling as we walked out.
5	I came here for the first time and set quite the first impression! I ordered the Pecorino Chicken and my sisters ordered the Bruschetta and the Bacon Egg and Cheddar. These three crepes were awesome! The size of these were larger than your traditional crepes. I would definitely come back and I would definitely refer people here! This place was great!
4	Great crepes...although it needs to open earlier and 7 days a week.  It seems that I have tried to go when it is closed as often as it is open.
4	I am usually not a great fan of crepes, but the wife is and groupon/living social facilitated yet another venture to a new place. Crispy Crepe is located directly on South Blvd in the Dilworth area. We sat on the patio out front, which made for interesting people watching as well as some road rage incidents.We were both starved and each ordered a savory crepe. I went with the Chipolte Chicken and the wife chose the Grilled Marinated Shrimp.  Both crepes were loaded with filling material on top of amazing flavors. We also got some lattes, maple syrup for me and pumpkin spice for the wife. Again, I am not usually a latte fan, but crispy crepe's maple syrup version worked for me. While we were already well fed, we still opted for a dessert, which was my idea and that almost never happens. The maple delight Liege waffle was calling my name as soon as I saw it on the menu. I am sure that it's clear by now that I'm a big fan of anything maple. OMG, I would return for the Liege waffles alone!Service was good, and we will definitely be returning.
3	Top line: decent food, had a few quirks with service/layout.Was surprised by this place, thought it would be a grab and go place, but it was a sit down place.  Waitress was super nice, but clearly didn't have much experience. Poor flow for the wait-staff, there was only one terminal, so there was perpetually a line. Weirdest part, they didn't have a hood over the cooking area so the whole place was kind of smokey. Bottom line: food was fine, but won't be back. If there were a few changes, might go back.
4	Got a tasty several cheese (3 maybe?) crepe. Will definitely be going back for a sweet one sometime. Service was good and pretty quick. Worth the price of admission in my book, especially considering the prices were relatively cheap.
3	Was visiting a friend in Charlotte and she took me to this place. I ordered some bruschetta crepe with cilantro jalapeno and pita chips, it was pretty good! But it was a few months back and I dont exactly remember loving it. I also ordered an iced chai latte..it was ok, I've had better.
1	Stopped by on a Sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend. The food is delicious but we both found hair in our food.... YUCK!!!!!!  Get some hair nets please!!!!!
5	I had a friend in town who loves crepes, so we gave Crispy Crepes a try. The restaurant was cozy and quaint. The service was wonderful. We both split an asparagus/Caesar salad, savory cheese crepe, and sweet peanut butter/chocolate crepe. We each also ordered one of their special lattes. Everything was delicious. We were stuffed and happy for the rest of the day!
3	The Crispy Crepe is fantastic! I had the Chipotle Chicken Crepe and was blown away. Add a little hot sauce on it and now you're talking! The fresh salad as a side is definitely the way to go, although the fruit looked really good.Why not 4 or 5 stars?          Parking is kind of a bugger, park behind CC in the parking deck, limited spaces available to the public.          The CC is crazy busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait.           And lastly, the coffee sucked. But I'm a coffee nerd.
2	Came here on Friday after dinner for dessert. -Prices: I thought the prices were pretty high. I think we paid $10 for one of the dessert crepes.-Food: We ordered the maple crunch crepe to split. It was good, the filling was super thick though....nothing excellent. The best part about the crepe was the chocolate covered strawberry that came with it!-Service: Nothing spectacular. Got us drinks, took our order, brought us food, and brought us the check. Just the basics.-The problems: We arrived at 8:20pm on Friday night. The place closes at 9pm. We walked in and got a seat. There were a handful of other groups in there eating. Right after we ordered, they started stacking the chairs on top of the tables all around us. This was around 8:30! It was extremely distasteful and made us not want to be in there. We quickly ate our crepe and left. I worked in the food industry for many years and know that balance as an employee of wanting to close up, clean up, and get out of there as quick as possible. But putting the chairs on top of the tables 30 minutes before close, is probably crossing the line a bit! I really hope owners/management is reading this because if the place looks closed before it is actually closed, there goes evening sales. Unfortunately, we most likely will not return. We really aren't high maintenance people when it comes to eating place (actually we are probably some of the easier customers to please cause we are so passive!), but when I don't feel welcome, I don't want to be there.
5	Great location the food is exceptional and as fresh as it gets. Anyone that eats there must try the Chipotle Chicken each bite is like a bit of paradise. The service from start to finish was first class, I promise to be a great experience that will have you returning for more.
2	Came in a Saturday for brunch:Pros: Close by to where I live... Food isn't terrible.Cons: Service is very slow. The prices are to high for the quality and quantity of food. Too many cooks in the kitchen that seemed lost and it took forever to get anything out. Had to ask the waitress for my check several times.
4	We enjoyed our brunch this Sunday. Arriving right in the middle of the rush, it was a surprisingly short wait. The tables turn over quickly here!Even though they have tons of other stuff - sandwiches, waffles, salads - there are two pages of crepes on the menu - one of savories and one of sweets. Tough to choose!After our waiter brought us two swimming pool sized cups of coffee, we chose one sweet crepe (the Apple Streusel) and one savory (the Crispy, which is cheese stuffed). Both took a little bit to be prepared, during which the coffee was refilled. Good coffee, btw. Even though they have lattes and cappuccinos and other 'elite' coffees, you can't go wrong with a cup of Joe here.Both plates arrived looking excellent as you can see from the pictures. The apple crepe was massive and quite sweet. The "Crispy crepe" was excellent. Tons of cheese and lots of flavor. I think I made out better for having that one. Oh, and the side of potatoes? Heavenly!Plenty of parking in the parking deck behind the restaurant or on the street if you can find it.
5	Delicious! Had the cookie butter waffle, the onion soup, and herb chicken crepe (table shared the first two) Slam packed. It was fresh. Service was somewhat slow. I will definitely return.
5	We went there on New Year's Day and it was crazy busy.  First time there.  The owner and the wait staff were EXTREMELY friendly!  The food was hand made and very good.  The side of fruit included strawberries and pineapple...not like most restaurants that give you mostly melon.  This really impressed me!  The atmosphere was also great!  However, it is a little pricey.  We will return :)
5	First off- I love crepes. Breakfast, dinner- whatever. My husband and I decided to check it out a few days ago for dinner....DELISH!!! This place gives the Crepe Cellar a run for its money. Plus, you have a ton more crepe options than other local places and their lattes are out of this world (what a great combo). The portion is pretty large- I had to take my crepe home and it was even just as good for the following day. I ordered the chicken bruschetta crepe with the scalloped potatoes. Melt in your mouth crepe, which was crusted in garlic and cheese. I started off with some French onion soup as did my husband- a great starter. We finished off with a Nutella and strawberry crepe with a cookie butter latte- all I can say is it.was.awesome. Our server was also extremely attentive and offered some really good recommendations as we had not been there before. This is going to be my new crepe place to go.
3	Mixed experience at best - I debated giving two stars. I don't plan on returning.Pros: My gluten-free buckwheat crepe was quite tasty and the filling had fresh, properly cooked ingredients. Even eggs were perfectly done and the arugula was unbruised. When I needed help, the manager was great.Cons: Sides were meh. The au gratin that my husband had apparently tasted like it came from a frozen foods section, not a restaurant.However, service was the real problem.1) Weeks before eating here, I walked in to discuss gluten-free options when I happened to be in the area. I was told that they do gluten-free orders frequently (as you'd expect since they carry a gluten-free crepe batter) and was told that they can make anything on the menu without gluten! This sounded too good to be true but the hostess insisted that this was the case. Of course, it isn't true, and I have no idea why she said so.2) When I visited, they nearly gave up our table because they couldn't find us when it was ready. Where were we? Sitting in the waiting chairs right in front of them! Thank goodness one of our party went up to check up on them. Again, I have no idea why this happened.3) The waitress had a remarkable amount of trouble understanding my gluten-free order. I'd ask a question about whether an item was gluten-free, and she'd respond by saying something about the item that had nothing to do with whether it contains gluten. This went on for several menu items until she started to say something about how they didn't really do gluten-free crepes and that maybe I should look at other menu items, which of course is not true and I have no idea why she said it. We finally asked for her to get a manager or chef to recommend gluten-free options. When the manager came, he was great at answering my questions and making basic allergy accommodations the way most restaurants do. Now, while it's a bit silly for a server not to know which items are gluten-free in a restaurant that's gone to the trouble of having a special gluten-free crepe batter, I don't really have a problem with a server not having all that memorized. The problem was that she wasn't offering to help us figure things out or check and, indeed, she didn't seem to understand basic questions well enough to give an on-topic answer! Yet again, I have no idea what was going on with that.
1	An hour to get a soup and salad?? Everyone around us who has come in after us is finishing up and my food still isn't here.. Never again.. The waitress seems mad I'm asking where my food is... There are only about 5 tables including inside and out..
4	All the food is great except the waffles. Best crepes in CLT for a very reasonable price. Great coffee drinks! Relaxing atmosphere. Never had bad service here.
2	They need to change their name to soggy crepe. The only reason they're getting 2 stars is that the filling of the maple "crisp" (not crispy) cheesecake crepe was tasty.  Even the coffee was watered down and ill-prepared. Save your money.
5	Oh my goodness!  I had a late breakfast here today and I can say, without a doubt, that I will be back.  I ordered the Cookie Butter Waffle and a side of the Au Gratin potatoes.  The Cookie Butter Waffle was garnished with bananas, whipped cream, and a delicious Biscoff cookie (I'm a Flight Attendant, so I know all about the Biscoff).  Very sweet, but I didn't expect anything else.  And the potatoes were absolutely delicious too!  Since it was a weekday afternoon, the place wasn't busy, which I appreciated.  My server was very sweet and attentive.  I can't wait to return and try their lattes!
1	What a mistake. I should have listened to the negative reviews on here.We arrived on a Sunday morning, and after looking at the menu, we were unsure. The place looked fast-food and casual, but the prices were $11-12 for a crepe!We were sat fairly quickly and went ahead and put in our order so we could eat quickly. First, the waiter screwed up our order and put the wrong thing in, and then told us 3 times that our food was almost out. It took 40 minutes for us to finally get our food after we ordered, and the manager even brought out the wrong side after they had already corrected my order once. We couldn't get the waiter's attention to get a straw so we got up and found one ourselves. Overall, the wait and the service was horrible. After expressing my concerns with the manager, he only told me that yes, that sounded frustrating and then brought me my food. Did not even bother to partially pay for my check.I will never return here and never tell anyone to go here again. GO TO CAFE MONTE IN SOUTH PARK. I can not say this enough. The quality of the crepes are a million times better, and even though it's about $2 more expensive, the environment, quality, and service are a million times worth it.
5	The wife and I have now been here on several occasions and the food and service has always been great. The crepes are huge and tasty with plenty of filling whether they be sweet or savory. Overall, we have tried the vegetarian, smoked salmon, chipotle chicken and shrimp  crepes, and they are all great. The crepes all come with sides and the daily salad has easily been the best with variations on tabbouleh and chick pea salad. My only gripe is the kettle chips as a side, which were really just regular potato chips from a bag, and not even kettle chips. Also, last time I took a shawarma lamb sandwich, which was a good change of pace, but I would be hard pressed to say that is was better than the crepes.For the dessert we usually take a waffle and our favorite is the maple delight, but the banana butterscotch is a close second. The lattes and espresso here is also pretty good if you need a little caffeine pick me up. We shall return often.
2	-soggy rubbery crepe-cheap oj, tastes like minute maid-Potatoes gratin tastes cheap with a Mac n cheese flavorI wanted something classic so I got the maple cream crepe with coffee and oj and a side of Potatoes. Maple syrup wasn't high quality. I won't be back.
5	The crapes are flavorful  and have several unique options. If you are in the mood for something more traditional in a crape you won't be disappointed. Service here it's some of the best in the city. On weekend mornings be prepared to wait a while for the tastiest treats in South End.
4	Very tasty and cool place Bit overpriced
5	My absolute favorite get away!!!!! You have to try this place if you haven't already. Breakfast & lunch are both delicious. Desert is to die for and the staff is more than friendly. My daughter and I are regular visitors here. Cozy cute place. You can eat inside and outside.
2	I visited Crispy Crepe for breakfast a couple of months ago. The food was good and the coffee was delicious! Our waitress was friendly and attentive. I came back this weekend for an after dinner treat. The waitress was obviously anxious to leave which made the experience very rushed and uncomfortable. The cookie butter crepe was good, but the coffee was just as cold as the ice water. Probably will not be coming back! #LivyOut
5	A must for breakfast or Brunch in Charlotte, the wait can be a little long, but the food is great.
2	The food is delicious - rating has nothing to do with that. I have been to Crispy Crepe in the past and have had a wonderful experience. However, my visit this morning was disappointing. The place was packed with a 15 minute wait for two people, but we were sat quicker than that. Since we've been there before, we knew what we wanted to order - 2 simple crepes. After 20 minutes of no food, our server came by and apologized, saying that it should be right up, that the kitchen was very backed up. Ten more minutes went by and we still got nothing. There was a man who seemed to be the manager wandering around so my mom went to speak with him regarding our orders. He had no idea we had been waiting 30 minutes for our food. Our server came by again and elaborated on the reason why we had been waiting so long - that their ticket machine was not working properly and some orders had not been printed, then all of a sudden several were printed all at once, causing a mishap and back up. We understood this and were glad that she was honest about what was going on. Right after this, our food came. It was hot, fresh, and tasted great. Our server was very apologetic about our experience. However, we received our bill and expected at least one of our meals to be comped - or at least something else offered for our EXTREMELY long wait for only two easy meals. We were charged fully with no apology from the manager. So, we called him over to explain how we felt. Rather than trying to accommodate and apologize for the inconvenience we experienced, he basically just told us "30 minutes is a TYPICAL wait for food on a sunday". I proceeded to tell him that we had been there before and had no such experience. He then questioned me "was that a sunday?" and after I said yes he simply raised his eyebrows. No apology or honest explanation about the mixed up/backed up orders in the kitchen. He reluctantly gave us a 15% discount off of our meal. Thanks for the $3.00 off. I will definitely question whether to give my business to someone like this again.
3	Just OK.Had lunch here today.  My girlfriend and I were both remarking on how we liked it, until we got the bill.  It was very overpriced.I got the signature chipotle chicken salad served on flatbread.  It tasted like a gordita from Taco Bell.  That's not to say it was bad, but if I wanted taco bell that's where I would have gone.   The chicken amount was skimpy, but what was there was very flavorful and well cooked.  I just can't get over how similar the flatbread tasted to the Taco Bell entree.  It was very strange, but I did like it.  Anywho.  For dessert I got the cookie butter waffle.  These are dough waffles, not batter waffles - and I've had them done better (see Cast Iron Skillet in South Park), but it was still yummy.  I'll probably ask them to go light on the cookie butter topping next time.  The low light of the meal was the side of au gratin potatoes.  It was not good.  My dinning companion agreed.  I should have listened to my fellow yelpers. When will I learn.So the smallish taco bell like entree, the desert and an Ice tea was 26 plus tip.  I think that high.  They also screwed up my waffle.  I asked for no whip.  The kitchen messed it up - not the waitress.Also a few other comments: 1. The restaurant itself is cute, but the open kitchen allows for that grease smell.  We both left smelling like old Chinese food.   2.  Management really should keep employees from congregating/eating in the dinning room.  Twice I had to walk back to the restroom and both times there were staff hanging out in the back table. Patrons have to past them to use the facilities.  I found it unprofessional..and more importantly, the table had unsightly half eaten take out and other garbage on it.  Also the bathroom could be cleaner. It wasn't terrible, but I think they get a lot of foot traffic from passers by due to it being tucked back by the back entrance. I.e. folks can slip in and out w/o anyone seeing them..So to sum it up..my waffle was yummy and I LOVE waffles.  I'll go back for that alone..and I'll get water cause the prices are steep yo.
1	We were in the mood for good crepes and decided to give the  restaurant a try. The crepes were ok, however my daughter ordered a waffle. When the waffle arrived, it was yeasty and raw in the middle. The server said that people were complaining earlier in the morning that the waffles were overcooked, so the kitchen instead of cooking the waffles correctly, went in the other direction and now it was undercooked. The waitress took the waffle away and my daughter ordered a bacon/cheese croissant. The server said that the waffle couldn't be removed from the check, so we were charged for a waffle that was not edible and a dry and stale bacon cheese croissant that she couldn't eat. We asked to speak to a manager and the owner came over to the table and said that he was sorry and that was it!!! Over $50 of LESS than average food, which half of it was not edible..we will not be back!
1	Celiacs beware!! Today was our third visit. The first time was great, second time we ordered the same as the first time and to our disappointment it was nothing like the first time. Then, today, it was actually good, so this tells me of their inconsistency, however, that's not why I'm writing this review.  I am CELIAC (MUST have a Gluten Free diet) and for any of you aware of what that is, the MUST is non negotiable, apparently Crispy Crepe is ignorant of this and SHOULDN'T offer "gluten-free if they are not going to adhere to the claim or understand the effects of cross-contamination, etc. After such a lovely lunch with my family, I am now dealing with the ill effects of gluten contamination. Shame..
5	The food is awesome.  Love the herbed goat cheese &chicken and garden salad. All of the sweet crepes are delicious. Coffee is the best ive ever had. Britany was my server and she made this a very enjoyable visit along with food. Definitely my new favorite place to go
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.   I just recently went here last Thursday around 10am to an uncrowded restaurant.  My server approached my friend and I to get our drink orders and seemed to be kind of in a rush to get back to her circle of server friends/breakfast eating at a table in plain sight at the back of the restaurant.  We both ordered the waffles with peppered turkey bacon selection, hastily as not to ruin my server's busy social life. I added a $3 topping choice to my waffle of strawberries and nutella, JUST strawberries and nutella nothing else. Our food arrived in a decent time, but was completely unseasoned and not necessarily appetizing. Our eggs were a little undercooked, which happened to be fine with me but not my friend. Our potatoes that were scooped from a steam well lacked flavor completely. Our COLD waffles possessed a yeasty almost raw taste(which we were later told is a common complaint among diners, and yet they haven't tried to fix it) and mine was topped with an excessive amount of whipped cream and chocolate syrup in addition to the strawberries and nutella,  that I hadn't ordered. It was pretty, but unwanted. And for this to be an open kitchen the line cook could have been a little more inviting to watch prepare our food. In an open kitchen, you're on display and most times people's entertainment for their meal. However, don't worry our server only popped back in enough to quickly see if we were ready for dessert(as if I could stomach that with the heaping pile of whipped cream I had on my waffle, nice selling tactic though) and for the check. I felt as though we were some what neglected,  until I noticed the table next to us barely be attended and then stumble across an error in their bill because they were trying to use a Groupon. I don't know the full situation, but their server kindly handed the situation over to who I assume was the manager who stood behind the counter the entire time and never cared to check on this table or anyone else, but the lady didn't seem to get her problem resolved. When she walked back to her seat she was confronted by her server explaining to her it was "corporate's" fault. I do have to admit that wasn't my burden to harbor, but the management team seems to be lacking severely here for letting their service team get away with what they do. The servers need to actually act like they like to work there, regardless if they do or not. I feel as though I paid A LOT of money to be pissed off and unhappy with this place. I didn't even bother getting our server to comp anything(not that I think they would after reading reviews on here) or to speak with the manager (if she should be so bothered). Its not like me to write reviews of places further than giving the stars, but I'd like to let people know DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME,  MONEY, OR ENERGY TO GO HERE!
5	My son & I had Sunday brunch here on Sept. 21, 2014 & we enjoyed every delicious moment.  To compliment the great food, we also had excellent service provided by our server Nicole.  A very pleasant & attentive young lady who made sure our dining experience was more than just about the food.  So thank you Nicole for the exemplary customer service.
5	If you are visiting or passing through (or no where near) South End - make some extra time in your schedule to visit this place! And make sure to ask for the amazing Sophia! She was a fantastic server
4	The workers are great, the prices are fair but the quality of the ingredients are extremely fresh and most of all DELICIOUS. I speak to everyone about this place: they all feel exactly like I do, Extremely satisfied. This is a must go to spot for all of those living in the southend area.
4	I wanted to try one of everything! We started with hummus with toast and pita. I had the goat cheese, spinach and chicken crepe. It was huge and delicious. My friend had a very generous salad. I can't wait to go back & try the dessert crepes and coffees.
2	Our food was good, but the service is painfully slow. It took 20 minutes after being seated before the waitress even took our food order, and then an additional half hour before the food made it to the table. I realize it isn't fast food, but that's just painful and not worth the wait.
3	I've been here a few times and the food is always great!  Come early on the weekends because they are busy. The only downside is that my apartment's plumbing always gets overwhelmed by all the pooping my friends and I have to do afterwards.
5	Good good
1	Waffles taste like cardboard in a press.  Never coming back.  I came because of the good reviews.  I should have stuck with the Terrace Cafe.
2	First, let me say that we entered the restaurant, but ended up not eating here for a couple of reasons.We were passing through Charlotte on the way back to Asheville and were looking for a gluten-free option for food, before we hit the highway. We found Crispy Crepe through a Google search and Yelp directed us to their contact information and profile page on the Yelp website.We called the restaurant to make sure they were still open. They were, as they close at 5 pm on Sundays. We made our way there, found parking, and proceeded to enter. It was before 5 pm, but the staff were already cleaning up, having mopped the floor with a strong cleaner, while people were still eating. It's my opinion that it is rude to mop a floor while people are eating. You impact the food smell, which is one aspect of the overall experience.My wife is very sensitive to toxic chemicals, so we decided we'd do take out instead of dining in. When we stepped to the register, my wife asked about gluten-free options. The cashier had zero knowledge of what was gluten-free on the menu and what was not. She turned around to ask the person making the crepes and he was unsure if the sauce on one of the menu items contained gluten. It was clear that both employees lacked the knowledge or understanding of whether or not one of the crepes contained gluten.From cleaning the restaurant with toxic chemicals (many restaurants are using green cleaners now) to having a passing interest in understanding their own menu, I was very disappointed with my first experience at Crispy Crepe. Fortunately, I live in Asheville, where they take these things seriously, instead of Charlotte, where it seems like there is little regard for people with both chemical and gluten sensitivities.We ended up simply heading to Whole Foods to eat off the hot bar, because at least they list their ingredients and they don't clean around the food when you're trying to enjoy a meal.
5	Their chicken mozzarella sandwich was amazing.  Great service even though it was packed.
3	I had a waffle there and it was good, but what I really didn't like that ventilation inside was very bad. As soon as I entered the restaurant there was a smog in the air, after sitting inside for a half an hour I stank. The waitress was very pleasant and checked on us a few times and made sure we got everything we need.
5	Ok let me start by saying it was a living social coupon that got me in the door but i would be happy to return and pay regular price.  I saw the coupon and I checked yelp which i am prone to do and I saw the mixed reviews so I said what the heck i have a coupon if its horrible i don't have to go back.  Well me and my girlfriend were very happy we decided to give it a try.  I can only speak from my one experience but it was top notch.  We went around 2:30pm on a tuesday, there were about  2 or 3 other parties seated and it was not busy at all so we were seated immediately.  I ordered the smores latte and my girlfriend ordered the cookie butter latte, i am not much for warm drinks other than hot chocolate but i just wanted to try this and its was very very good.  My girlfriend is a coffee and espresso lover and she said she would come back just for these latte's in the future.  Waitress who was named jesse also brought us some waters without us asking which was very nice.  She did a very good job throughout our experience checking on us. For our entrees I chose the chipotle chicken crepe and my girlfriend had the Mediterranean chicken crepe.  They were both exceptional and i am a picky eater to say the least, i would order either again.  I am not a crepe connoisseur so i can't speak for authenticity or anything else but i know good tasting food and this was it.  Portions were large we both had enough to take home and basically have a whole second meal later.  I could have finished mine but wanted to try a waffle for dessert.  The au gratin potatoes were similar to a hashbrown casserole, i added some siracha to mine and enjoyed them, my girlfriend said hers were good also and enjoyed hers plain.  For dessert we tried the cookie butter waffle, their "liege" style waffles with bananas whipped cream and this cookie butter stuff, it was sweet and decadent and very good. It is not gonna be a hot crispy and fluffy waffle so don't expect that or you will be disappointed, it is more dense and chewy but that is the way its suppose to be according to them and it was fine with me just know what your getting before you order it.    I don't leave reviews everywhere i go but this was a place that had mixed reviews and i was on the fence about trying but I'm very happy I did and we will go back for sure.  I can't comment on busy weekends or anything else but this tuesday afternoon was a pure delight!
5	Food was outstanding. I ordered the savory crepe Chicken Bruschetta and the sweet crepe Nutella with banana and strawberries (strawberries were .79 extra). The chicken bruschetta was delicious with fresh mozzarella. It came with a side, I ordered the house salad, the dressing is kind of like a pesto sauce. Delicious. The Nutella crepe, wow, honestly delicious. Everyone in my office loves this place. Yes, prices are not very cheap, but the portions are huge (I actually ate only half of my Chicken Bruschetta for lunch) then I finished it later.
5	My favorite brunch spot in Charlotte! Try the cookie butter latte! Incredibly delicious. For brunch, the Mediterranean crepe is a savory treat or for something sweet/amazing, enjoy the Nutella and strawberry crepe. It is packed with fresh strawberries and tastes like heaven! This restaurant also makes you feel like you're in Paris. What could be better?! Bon Appetit!
4	Such a yummy breakfast spot - you can bring dogs and sit outside, gets busy of the weekends but they turn tables fairly fast and food comes fairly quick.  Great lattes too!
