5	I had the pleasure of enjoying my first cup of Shine on black Friday 2011 in front of Hissyfits. The Barista was super friendly, he immediately feel like family. My Chai was made perfectly. I wish there was a shine on every corner.
5	Shine is about as hip as you would expect a delicious coffee shop in a truck to be. The shiny silver trailer is small but might and very mobile! The coffee that lives in this trailer is caffeinated delight in a cup. Shine travels all around the Valley and chances are, you'll see them sitting outside of several events and Valley businesses throughout the week. That's a bonus about having a mobile shop! Their coffee is freshly roasted and provides the exact kick you would hope for. That's about all I have to say, but if you ever find yourself in the same parking lot as Shine, make sure you stop in for a java!
5	What's more hip than getting coffee and delicious treats from an Airstream trailer? We often look forward to Saturday's at the Central Farmer's Market simply to get some of the best coffee in town. The Iced Cardamom is a summer favorite. Can't wait for their coffee shop to open so we can enjoy it every day!
5	Awesome coffee, every time. I'm really glad they use local rosters and take the time to do it justice. Can't wait for the new shop on Vernon to open. Love the lemonade- makes me forget it's 110.
5	Love the new place on Vernon! Had Americano, made perfectly. Staff was extremely nice and wonderful to my dog, they had treats on hand to keep him from begging for coffee (he's a coffee fiend).
5	Shine now has a brick-and-mortar location right off of central on Vernon (North of McKellips, South of Thomas). The service is great! I always get a Iced Soy Chai! Yum! The location is absolutely adorable, tiny!
4	I am glad I could walk to this coffee place. Waiting to try the pastry.
4	This place is so smart, you've just GOT to stop by.  First, perfect location a hundred yards from the Central and Encanto light rail stop.  Second, a delightful, classy architectural setting.  Sweet choice, Laryn -Chris B.Third, great design in a delightful architectural setting.  Fourth, employees who are friendly, knowledgeable and who'll above and beyond to make a new brick and mortar location a success.  Fifth, great outdoor seating.Sixth, locally roasted coffees in any form your little caffeine receptors may desire.  If available, locally baked pastries.  I have no personal, professional or previous knowledge of Shine, its owners or employees.  I was simply delighted to find it on my way to the Light Rail. I enjoyed a medium sized cup of regular coffee with enough half and half to keep that desert feeling off the back of my throat.  I brought my own cup and saved a dime.  The pastries were sold out by 10:30.
5	Awesome place, cool location, and the coffee is great!  Home made pastries!  The pumpkin bread was delicious. Friendly good looking baristas included!
4	There once was a conceit built in the shadow of the Heard Estate - a New England long house, pool house and roadway store - on Vernon Avenue. The rambling buildings have been re-purposed over the decades, and the current incarnation includes a coffee shop at the old pool house.Shine, well, shines at this location. Their pastries are starting to get baked very morning. And they've got plans for this old pool house ...
4	Shine is right down the street from my office. Service is friendly, treats are delicious, and espresso is always on point. I am now stuck on iced vanilla lattes.
4	Loved this little coffee shop downtown. The staff is super friendly and patient (I had my 2 littles with me) and the almond milk mocha was tasty. Not too sweet! I like my espresso shots at the bottom (former barista) instead of macchiato style, poured on top of the steamed milk but that is personal preference. There is out door seating perfect if you do bring kids. Highly recommend!
4	Since I live at the Tapestry, the concept of having a coffee shop outside my bedroom, literally, is AMAZING.  Plus, they brew local, Cartel coffee, which is my favorite local coffee next to Lola.  Oh, and the staff is great - they are all super nice and friendly all the time - I love this place.  (plus the rumor is that they're planning a wine bar next door, for which I vote YES!)The only problem I have is that they don't open until 7am.  I usually get out of the gym around 6:15 and that's when I want to jog over and grab my daily cup, so what's the deal?!  Please open earlier.
2	For $5 and change I got a large which was probably the size of a Starbucks grande, and it was a good 3/4 of an inch short in the cup.I was disappointed.  I've seen the sign for weeks and stopped in on my way to work.  I was the only one in line and getting the coffee took over 5 minutes, I was given no lid (and none were on the bar for that size cup).  The coffee was watered down so much milk that I couldn't taste the coffee.  I ordered a mocha and it basically tasted like weak chocolate milk.I came to work and tried to salvage what I'd paid so much for with the coffee from the kitchen.   It didn't help much.I won't be returning.
5	Great coffee and know how to make it right. Only wish would be that they be open later then 2pm...
5	Can't say enough good things! Delicious cappuccino made how I like, friendly owner and staff who take a lot of pride in their product. Everything local like it should be! Will certainly visit again when I'm in the area
4	Delicious and hip local coffee place.  Pretty pricey, but worth it for a treat.
5	While I am an avid supporter of giant coffee there is something about shine that I can't seem to shake. Maybe it's the indoor/outdoor vibe or the perfectly made cappachino. I'm not really sure, but for sure Shine is a coffee spot worth experiencing and possibly a daily visit for me going forward.
3	Well, we love coffee & local joints so when we discovered this place we were excited! The location is cool, the building & indoor seating is charming....however, the coffee is disappointing. I ordered a iced large 2% latte & was told it had four espresso shots in it...the drink was all milk; no espresso flavor. We will give it another try & hope it was just a bad day for the barista.
4	It's official, I am now a coffee slut. Not a whore, not a tramp, a bona fide slut and here's why: all the coffee joints in this town have had a piece of me. That being said, I have my three regulars that keep me coming back begging for more. Shine rounds off my top three starting after Royal at The Biltmore and Lux.Royal is just too far out of my way in the morning; Lux is fine except when the lot is full and I have to park a block down on the street. So what to do? Just head about a mile down Central. You can easily miss this tiny little stand as it's down an obscure side street. But they turn out a good cup of joe and I usually don't have to wait too long. It's a tad it higher that Royal or Lux but when I'm pressed for time and need my fix, I gotta do what I gotta do.I hope the word gets out because these guys are awesome. On the other hand I love the fact that I DON'T have to wait long if more people discover Shine I may have to find another coffee joint. In the mean time however, I will continue to enjoy.
2	I've tried this place three times, living only 100 ft away, I WANT this to be a good coffee place. First visit, grounds all over my coffee. Second visit, warm cup of coffee, third visit, stale coffee. With all the competition, (Lux, Giant, Lola ect.) this place should be better. I will go out of my way to other places over Shine, which I think is sad, because they should be better.
5	I'm not a coffee expert and I hate going to coffee places and judging it by the beans and the roast...I'm just a west side kid that grew up drinking frapps until I grew up and learned I love coffee...all that being said atmosphere and enjoying where I'm at is of the upmost importance to me! This place has great atmosphere the coffee tastes fine and I'm able to work and and hang out while really enjoying myself! It's the best coffee shop I've been to since I've been home from New York! Great job!
5	Great coffee, hard to find but well worth the trouble. Had a latte just the right amout of foam. Very personable barista.
5	Great little place of the beaten path. I'm fortunate to be working across the street at the Regency for the next few months and rarely do I miss my large Americano each morning. It's more of a stand then a shop. Very friendly staff and great coffee. That is why I'm the Duke
5	I love Shine! And the staff! It's owned/operated by an awesome couple - Christiann & Laryn Blok, whom are very involved in the local community. It's in a tiny building on Vernon, which is super convenience to moi as I live in quick walking distance. I often times trot over there with the pup and then walk around the historic hoods for a while after with my delicious coffee. Shine uses Cartel beans and they are pretty great at crafting their caffeinated concoctions! My most recent favorite is the Cardamom latte, but I've loved every drink they've made me. If you feel like sticking around, they also own the building next door that they have named the Living Room - and it looks just like one with big comfy chairs and a lil wifi action so you crazy kids can get your work done. Stop by! Chat it up with the folks behind the window, enjoy a rockin' beverage and support local business! :) They're also building a pocket park next door and that Christiaan and Laryn helped to get funding for online. Also, every Friday there's a group of folks that work in DT PHX that start their bike 'commute' from Shine. Love it!
5	This could be the coolest new (to me) place in town. I absolutely love when a business comes in and revives an old structure, preserving a bit of history, rich with story. I am sitting in the "Living Room" ...an old dentist's office/home where an eclectic mix of brick, concrete and mis-matched vintage and modern furniture come together to create a relaxed and inviting space to work or connect. I'm enjoying my iced Ginger Peach tea that was made fresh when I arrived. Very light and just what I was looking for. I also tried the cardamom coffee bread which was dense in a yummy way and perfectly laced with spiciness. Win,win,win! This is a wonderful spot for a shower or any kind of party or special event. I will be back again and again.
5	I'm on a road trip from New Jersey and I've stopped for a drink every morning before getting on the road. The drink I got from Shine Coffee was hands down the best I've had this entire trip. It was so good, I had to go back for more - twice in the same day! Their mocha latte is excellently crafted - it isn't too sweet and it has the perfect amount of chocolate flavor, just enough to compliment the amazing taste of their freshly roasted espresso.If you prefer a sweeter drink, you must try the cardamom latte. Its spiced aroma and unique flavor are indicative of the care the baristas have for their craft. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a daily visitor at Shine. The baristas are pleasant, and I love having the option to sit outdoors or inside their beautifully designed livingroom.Make sure you grab one of their cards - every ninth drink is free!
5	Love this neighborhood coffee bar. Phoenix needs more of these charming places! Barista made me the most amazing drink, artfully weaving her way around my plethora of food allergies with perfect grace. I'll definitely be back!
4	Great little shop! Walk up,outside seating and the inside area is great! Staff is friendly, coffee is good and the pastries are a delight! - I don't usually use that word.
5	Situation: Saturday morning visit in MarchPros- Great staff- Tasty coffee- Decent food- Great environment
4	Let me start by saying this coffee stand/'living room' is adorable. I had been to the Shine trailer a few times in the past, but it took me an exceedingly long time to visit the permanent location of Shine. I went last weekend to take advantage of a special they had advertised, buy a loaf of noble bread, get a free drink. The drinks were good, expensive, but well made. If this location is the same as their trailer, they serve Cartel coffee (not sure if this is the case with this location). The bread was great. The vibe was lovely. I would most definitely come back.
4	I'd been meaning to try out this cute little shop for a long time. Well, that time finally came one rare cold morning after dropping my husband off at the lightrail station and before I headed off to school for my 6 week substitute teaching gig.Damn, that cardamom latte is pretty delicious. Amazingly awesome i would say. I love that they have various milks for those of us who aren't always dairy friendly or tolerant. I enjoyed my visit so much that the husband and I both dropped by the next time we were in need of coffee in the morning. Great little spot!
5	Wow. Another regular haunt and I haven't reviewed it yet? For shame. Let me make up for that right now.Formerly stuck in a food truck, Shine has now become a comfy, tasty fixture of mid-town Phoenix. Across from the Heard Museum and just a bit north (an easy walk from the Central/Encanto light rail station), this place rocks. High quality coffees and teas (hot and iced), locally made pastries, and a great place to hang out both indoors and outdoors. The fancy coffees are great, but the plain ol' drip is my favorite. They also sell whole bean locally roasted coffee, the same brand they use to make their beverages.The green space popping up between the coffee shack and the "living room" indoor lounge area, created with Kickstarter funding, is shaping up nicely as a pocket park. The folks who run this place not only bring quality food, drinks, and service to the area, but they care about making it a better place while they're at it.Whether it's local residents out walking their dogs, local workers like me, or people just passing through, there's an eclectic mix for all your people watching moods.And stop by for Shine & Dine Wednesday mornings when the Short Leash Dogs food truck parks out front for your lunchtime pleasure.Edited to add: As of October 2014, Shine has been redubbed Rollover Doughnuts. Same great coffee and many of the same wonderful people, but new owners and brioche doughnuts instead of the pastries they used to sell. A few changes, but the quality remains high and I remain a satisfied customer.
5	This place is adorable and serves up some goodies! They were out of the acai green tea but the watermelon mint iced tea was fantastically refreshing. My friend got the iced chai with almond milk - that's right, almond milk! The perfect option for a lactose intolerant and soy allergic person like me. I've been waiting to find a place that makes chai with almond rather than cow's or soy milk for ages. They're starting Tai Chi on Tuesday, April 22nd in the morning. Looking forward to starting off my day with some almond chai very soon!
5	Just tried Shine for the first time, and yum! After a day at the Art Museum, I needed a pick me up and Shine Coffee was a great hidden gem! I got the watermelon mint iced tea, and the baristas were so friendly, even offering me a sample to help me decide!You order your drink at the outdoor stand, And a few feet Away they have the cutest "living room" area with comfy couches, beautiful artwork, games on the tables, cozy decor, and my personal favorite was the roll of paper and crayons to let your inner child out! Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely pay Shine Coffee another visit!
5	Always extremely courteous, speedy, and polite service. The coffee tastes very good and is priced appropriately. I only wish they were open on Sundays.
5	I finally made the right turn onto Vernon while heading to work this morning and I'm glad I did! I had a delish 20oz salted carmel latte!  Wish I had time to relax in their "living room"! Fast and friendly service too, can't wait to go back!
4	Tried the salted caramel latte and it is good.  Next time I will try the pour over coffee which sounded good too.  I like how conveniently located from the light rail station it is.
5	What an adorable, comfortable adaptive reuse. If you're an historic building nut, you will enjoy knowing that the coffee is made in what used to be a pool house, then you walk across the small yard where the pool used to be, and sit in the bright, quiet, cool Living Room where the dentist's office used to be. The second story is all old apartments. Oh, and the lemonade and cheddar biscuits: delicious.
4	So, a friend suggested we have our coffee date here at Shine, we usually do Lux or Starbucks, so Tomorrow, at 8am sharp, we will arrive promptly in our limo, from the British Embassy!, I am sure Driver knows how to get there, and cook will come along to observe and take notes on the Cardamon Cappuccino, so we may, recreat when Royalty comes.. Hoping it stands the test.... Jules and Kris :)Update: Awesome place, GOOD coffee, Excellent Service, my friend and I sat and talked in the living room for almost 3hours....   thumbs up!!!! will be back, btw ,, the music selection was perfect!....
4	Cool spot in Central Phoenix to hang out and enjoy a tasty iced tea!  The inside living room was very comfortable and a great place to unwind and the outdoor seating is great for those cooler winter, spring and fall days.  Great service too!
5	Cool, local, and good.  What more can you ask for?  But there is more, great coffee, great staff, and great ambiance...  Go, try it, and be in the know of this Gem in Midtown!!!Cheers,David
4	quite Lovely, Darling little place!
5	The coffee is delicious, the baristas are friendly, the food is AMAZING, and we really love the new inside seating area.As we were relaxing on their comfy couch, one of the baristas came in with samples of a pour-over that she had just brewed, it was exquisite; the coffee is very flavorful! I definitely recommend Shine to those of you looking for a nice little place to get away from the typical commercial coffee shops.
5	Friendly, hip, clean and best of all great products. I like iced tea, so their blueberry hibiscus tea was perfect!!Check out the inside Shine.
5	Shine Coffee not only has great pastries and coffee! They have taken care of their community by creating a park and the trees create shade. I also enjoy the living room area if I am doing work.
2	Let me first start with the good    The barista was nice enough to make me another drink after my first drink wasn't satisfying.Now for the bad   My first drink a cayenne mocha was to put it lightly, bad. The coffee tasted bitter and there cayenne syrup was way to overpowering.    For My second drink I decided to try a iced tea, it was an acai and green tea blend. It definitely wasn't the best I ever had but it was better the my coffee.       My wife ordered a Salted Carmel iced and in her words "the coffee was bitter and heavy, and difficult to drink." I Tried the drink and again was not impressed.     Now to end this review I will say this. Coffee is very subjective what one person likes another might hate so I would say give it a try if you want, but it's my opinion there are several coffee shops that make better coffee then Shine. Needless to say we won't be returning. P.S. The interior design of the space was poor at best and I would have rather have sat in silence then listen to the music playing.
5	Shine coffee is a cute and tasty establishment. The staff is friendly, their coffee is delicious, they offered me soymilk at no additional charge for my iced coffee (A.K.A. iced toddy), and supporting a local business like Shine feels great. There's ample parking for cars and bikes, too. It's a stand, so Shine is perfect for people on-the-go. There is some outdoor seating which would be nice to use when the weather permits, as it's in a beautiful neighborhood.
5	Went here for the first time this morning and thoroughly enjoyed it. The barista was beyond friendly and accommodating, the coffee was delicious and the biscuit was tasty. The best part about this place is the location. It's in a unique historic building - the brick interior is beautiful and the decor/music creates the perfect setting to get work done.I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is amazing. They are a super cute little shop. The woman who works there was super friendly. She let me sample the toddy before I purchased one. She brought my drink out to me at my table. They have a nice indoor lounge where you can work and use wi-fi. They have great accommodations but the best thing is the lady who works there. She is just so nice she really brightened my day. For an unpretentious coffee and lounge experience, definitely go to Shine!
5	A fantastic remodeled setting/space. Owhhhhh, I love old buildings. Being from back east it makes me sad that we have so few or rip down the ones we have. However, not here. The minute I walked into the inside living room I caught that old building smell and knew I found a new best friend. On the way out I stopped to ask about the history of this cool space and met the owner, Christian. He proceeded on giving me a small walking tour and a great history lesson. We stood outside and chatted for a while. What a delight! How often does that happen when you frequent a business in Phoenix? I wish I lived back in this neighborhood. I can see myself curling up with a fancy flavored Latte, a book and hanging out here all day.
5	I really enjoy shine coffee both for their coffee and their environment. Their coffee is always inventive but well-thought and delicious whether it's a simple pourover or a fancier iced drink (rose-infused coffee? What?). Their indoor space beside the tiny coffee window is to-die-for. It's a fairly quiet environment during the day, so I wouldn't say bring a big chatty group, but it is absolutely perfect for getting shit done. Lots of natural light, big tables and multiple work settings make it really ideal for anyone who doesn't work in an office.
4	I don't love all their drinks, but the new pumpkin spice latte is the best I've ever had. Add some wonderful people and nice outdoor seating and you have a great place.
