4	The Neon Museum is probably the most visited yet least known museum in Las Vegas.  (Not like we're bursting at the seams with them, anyway.)  Hey, you may have even been there and you don't even know!  That's because the Neon Museum isn't in a building.  It's outside, sprinkled around the Fremont Street Experience.  It's sad that more people don't take notice of it.  Surely they see the pieces, but I don't think a whole lot of them read the information on them.  The Neon Museum opened in 1995 with the display of the Hacienda horse in the median of Las Vegas Blvd. at Fremont.  Other signs now include the Aladdin lamp, the Flame Restaurant sign, and the sign for 5th St. Liquors.Vegas' history is so interesting, and it's amazing to see these signs and think about the town that they shone over.  We're lucky that people care enough to restore and exhibit these relics.  Go take a gander, it's worth it.
5	3 years ago, I went on a group tour of the Las Vegas Neon Boneyard and what a kick it was!  The Boneyard is basically a 3-acre site where the Neon Museum keeps a collection of non-restored historic neon signs.  The tours have to be arranged in advance and are available primarily for 10 or more people at the cost of $5 per person; however, small groups are allowed with a minimum of $50 donation.Now on to the tour itself.  From what I could remember, the tour lasted around an hour and a half.  Of course, it has been three years so I could be wrong, but I do know that we did have ample time for picture taking.Our docent was quite knowledgeable and in her talk, she talked both about neon history and early Las Vegas history.  As we walked from sign to sign, she would also tell us specific history about that particular sign.  Honestly, it was a whole lot of information that I didn't retain to much of, but at the time, it was fascinating.  One thing that did stick was that one of the neon signs was the site of a "dead body" crime scene from CSI - an episode that I saw a couple of months later.As for the signs themselves, a lot of them were huge.  I felt like a Lilliputian hanging out in Gulliver's world.  One of my favorite structures was a huge silver shoe which I'm sure would be the envy of many a shoe fetishist.  There was also the huge pirate skull that used to be part of the Treasure Island signage which was pretty cool.  People looked tiny next to it.Overall, it's a really fun place to visit and in the 3  years since I've been there, I bet there's even more to see there.  I definitely want to make a return trip at another time.To see pics, go to:http://www.flickr.com/photos/la_addict/sets/72157594159388339/
5	So SAD, it makes ya weep. Seeing amazing pieces of neon art that were going to be destroyed.So GOOD, it makes ya weep. Seeing amazing pieces of neon art that were going to be destroyed, BUT HAVE BEEN SAVED FOR POSTERITY by the Las Vegas Neon Boneyard.Kudos!Personal faves: The Lamp from Aladdin's and the Silver Slipper's silver slipper.TOURING HINT: Bring a parasol if you go during the heat of the day. Everything is outdoors with very little shade.
4	There's been a change in the Boneyard's tour policy. Tours are no longer limited to groups - but the admission fee is now $15 per person.Tours are held Tuesday through Friday, both at 12 noon and at 2 pm.  In order to get on a tour, you have to sign up at least a day in advance (and the web site warns that they will fill up in advance).UPDATE AS OF Sept 27, 2007:I finally got to go on the tour. It's well worth it. Earlier reviews have done a good job of describing it. I'll just note that:(1) The two storage lots are filled to the gills with signs. Some of the pieces of the Stardust signs alone could fill up a good sized lot.(2) Within a year or so, there will be an actual (small) museum.(3) There's a plan to restore a few of the signs and place them on the northern portion Las Vegas Boulevard (NOT the Strip). Other signs are also finding homes.(4) As already noted, there's no shade on this tour. If it's hot, wear a hat and bring plenty to drink. Also, there's a lot of broken glass and such; do not wear sandals or shoes with soft soles.
5	Off the beaten path, this is defintely a Vegas must-see. As mentioned, tours must be set up in advance and cost a nominal fee, but well worth it.A photographer's dream, the retired signs of old Vegas are arranged in two fenced yards. Our tour guide revealed some interesting tidbits in our hour-ish tour - if you are very familiar with Vegas you may glean a few little-known facts.Otherwise, the Boneyard speaks for itself. Some of the signs are in varying stages of disrepair, which makes for many beautifully sad photo ops. As someone who isn't incredibly interested in picture-taking, even I found myself playing around with the various settings on my camera and different photographic angles.In order to truly appreciate Vegas, visit the Boneyard and pay tribute to the past.
5	So glad that I got to see her before she gets all gussied up.  Two parking lots full of classic neon signs.  Photo opps galore!  Well worth a side trip.  In 2009, a real outdoor museum will be opening with actual walking paths and fully restored signs.
5	Amazing Amazing Amazing!!I'm so glad we did this tour.I'm so glad I made it out of their alive.I'm so glad I didn't passed out.  I thought my heart was practically going to pop out. The tour was soooo hot. It was 112 that day. No breeze. It was really insane. Yet, it was one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. It was wonderful seeing all those old neon signs and I feel more lucky that I got to see them in their original form. Eventually these signs are going to be restructured, restored and placed in the (future) newly built Neon Museum. It's funny how we are now a part of history, having seen the Stardust neon sign on the boneyard. I told my husband, see, we stayed at Stardust several years ago, and there it is now.Really I highly highly recommend this tour, instead of sleeping your ass off all morning, hitting the buffets or the casinos, share in the history of Las Vegas and help this non-profit organization. You really won't regret it.
5	We started cooing over all the old neon signs that were sort of sticking out all over the Fremont area - duh! It was the Neon Museum. Thank all of you cool people who put this together. It's so great that these beautiful, weird works of art are saved and given new life.
4	Pretty awesome place to check out if you love signage, vintage kitsch or photography. I'm so glad we went there to photograph the hell out of the two big lots full of signs. It felt like wandering around the backstage of some old theater with leftover set pieces here and there. It's worth the cost for a bit of old-school Vegas that doesn't really relate much to the current day experience of the Strip. We had a still-feisty grandmotherly tour guide who let us pretty much ignore her to poke around under the blaring desert sun. Cons: you have to sign a waiver that you won't sell your photos, and you have to stand around a weird little community center for your tour to start. Not the safest for little kids with broken glass everywhere. Plus they don't take walk-ins so it doesn't work for the completely spontaneous Vegas vacationers.
5	Really awesome and informative! We heard all kinds of facts and history about Vegas, just what this little history nerd needed. Justin was a great tour guide! Thankfully my husband and I were in a smaller group so we got to take tons of great photos without tons of people in the way. Plus we got more time to ask questions and discuss the signs. DO read all of the instructions you are given when you make your appointment! If you are taking a cab from a hotel, make sure you have the exact address (and building) for the cab driver b/c all ours heard was 'Cashman Stadium' (the valet guy said 'the neon museum across from the entrance to Cashman Stadium'), and there we went down the hill. I asked the cab driver if the Neon Museum office was inside (b/c we had not read everything), and he said 'yes, right inside the door', and sped off as soon as we were out. WRONG! Thankfully a nice security guard took us up the hill in his golf cart and we finally found the Reed Whipple Cultural Center. I was so happy to see that office! We were so late, no thanks to our cab driver, so I didn't think we would be able to get in, but thankfully the staff was really cool and let us go with a smaller group. Things happen for a reason, the smaller group tour was awesome! And the office sells water, based on a $1 donation, in case you forget to bring some with you. Best $15 I spent in Vegas! I can't wait to see the remodeled office when it's done!
5	If there's one thing Las Vegas loves to do, it is taking great pride in destroying its history.New Frontier?  Pah!  Down with it!  Stardust about to hit its 50 year mark?  Not if our wrecking ball takes care of that!  Up yours, Sands!  Adios, Aladdin!  Gotta make way for those ultra posh and sterile museum-like casino/mall/condo hybrids!As harsh as it sounds, there is some truth to the destruction of all that is old and historic on the Strip.  It's sad to think that so many of these beautiful and lively signs that once lit the Strip up like a Christmas tree are gone.  The Neon Museum, however, is a chance to revisit some old friends.The New Frontier letters are there.  The Stardust sign (and a few previous versions) are there.  The old skull and crossbones before Treasure Island became the too hip to say the whole name now "TI"?  It's there.  There's a lot more gems from around the Strip found within as well, from casino revisions to little shops that just had unique signs.  All of those flashy neon wonders are housed in in something of a graveyard for wayward retro signs.But all is not lost.  During the interesting and informative hour long tour, the guide mentioned that our ticket prices are actually being used to refurbish many of the old signs found in the two huge lots.  In time, a lot of these sites are set to adorn the streets from Freemont to the full museum they have planned, so while the Strip becomes more and more devoid of charm and personality, at least one will be able to drive under the glitz and glamour of some of these old signs.So while the boneyard itself is a cool place to visit and get a close look at some old Vegas personality, it's pretty cool to learn that they have something larger in store for all of these great old signs.I personally had a good time with the tour.  The guide was funny and knowledgeable in answering questions, and while you have to stick with the group, there is some leeway to take some great photos.As others have said, some of these restored signs are around the Freemont Street Experience, so check that out, but make sure to set aside some time for the main tour (the site says to book at least a week in advance, so don't expect to just stroll in there and go).Definitely worth a look.
5	Okay, so if you're not into old, broken things -- then this place ain't for you! But if you love the history and art that come with these old and decrepit neon signs, you'll be game! Bring your camera and HAVE AT IT!We came here with a huge group that was bussed over from the PMA 09 conference (http://www.pmai.org), for a photo safari with Photojojo (http://www.photojojo.com). It was such fun seeing all the kitschy and cool signs -- and being photographer for a day. And it's so easy with such great subjects. A great activity to do that's off the strip.Be sure to wear close-toed shoes because of all the broken glass and rusted metal, no stiletto heels here, girlfriend!
5	In a city that has long been content to throw away its history in favor of the idea that newer and bigger is better (don't take offense Las Vegans, I am from L.A. Same rule tends to apply there too...), this little museum is a treasure. If not for this place, in twenty years who would remember that boring ole Binion's used to be the fanciful Binion's Horseshoe, that Vegas Vicky is really Sassy Sally with a facelift, that the Stardust was a cheeky homage to Nevada's atomic era, that the iconic "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign was designed and constructed by a woman or that Steve Wynn is seemingly an incredibly finicky businessman when it comes to his Vegas properties? And that's not even the half of it.The tour is currently by appointment only, at noon or 2 p.m., but when I accidentally made ours for the wrong day they were gracious enough to squeeze us in on the same day I called. Tours are $15 per person, last about an hour and include lots of bottled water to cope with the hot weather in the outdoor boneyard. They are currently converting a 60s lobby from a now defunct hotel into their main offices, which should be open at the end of the year and make this place even more radass, along with a program to refurbish many of the dilapidated signs and return them to glory on Las Vegas Blvd. downtown. Seriously, if you've ever kind of hated Vegas (raises hand here), love Vegas, are a history nerd or a design buff, please check this place out. It was my favorite experience in the city so far.
5	History about a city is always fun and interesting to learn about and what other city would be so much more fun to learn about other then Las Vegas! This walking tour of the old signs that Las Vegas used to be lit with was awesome! Justin our guide was great telling us story after story about the history of the city and some of the signs that once stood high and alive! The most memorable sign that he spoke about that stands out in my mind was the Moulin Rouge sign that they had just gotten in. The Moulin Rouge hotel and casino opened back in May of 1955 and was the first integrated hotel in the world. Justin told us that west Las Vegas at that time was where all African Americans were basically forced to live. Since such performers as Sammy Davis Jr. used to work at other casinos singing they were not able to gamble where they performed. So he would go to Moulin Rouge after work where he was comfortable and soon the casino became popular. Being that the mob ran most casinos back then they didn't like the fact that their casinos weren't getting the attention and money they needed the Moulin Rouge sadly closed it's doors November 1955 due to financial difficulties.............. So sad! I'm so glad I got to experience the tour being that its one of the last tour's they will have until they open a new and fresh museum. They are a non profit organization and are always taking donations. I'd keep an eye out on when they get the new museum done so you can experience the great history of Las Vegas!!
5	WOW!!!!!! If this doesn't sum it up I don't know what will. First of all I had been looking for this place for many years. And waiting all this time to find it made it that even more interesting to learn and hear about the history of these signs. Finding the building to meet at before the tour was quick and easy to find. Driving up to the Reed Whipple Cultural Center you pass the Bone Yard and don't even notice it. ( I wonder if the people that live behind the bone yard even know its there).Having a few min to spare before our tour started the guide was helpful on letting us know where the bathroom was. He had mentioned to me that they were going to cross the street. We ended up taking the next tour and I was very happy. Justin our tour guide was very informative about the history of the signs and other interesting facts about Las Vegas. I was very amazed by the oldest sign they had in the yard that dated back to 1931. It was very simple but in great shape for being over 7 decades old. If your a photographer or some one who ejoyes rich history and bold contrast for a photographs this is a defiant place for you to experience. Form my understanding you can go to Fremont st and check out some sign that the had fixed up and rehung them so you could enjoy the beautiful warm glow of the neon light.
5	apart from the whole advance booking requirement, the neon museum is a blast from the past. Im glad i went. if you have a thing for old world vegas, this is one sure thing that is truly enjoyable.i would certainly go again.
5	THIS has got to be one of the favorite things we did in VegASS!!!  I love how they are so in touch with the true history of Vegas and how they strive, as a non-profit organization to keep, restore and display alot of the signs.  The tour is fun, super duper informative and just a plain MUST for Vegas! Me, personally, I hate the strip, so coming downtown, although we were warned by some that it is dangerous, was the best thing we could have done.  We left the tour smiling with tons of info and tons of pictures!  I will upload my faves.  As for my favorite sign, don't know there are so many, but my favorite story was Moulin Rouge and Dillions....I wish I could have been there!  And wait til you learn WHO designed the Welcome to Las Vegas sign, another cool favorite!  After you leave the tour, I suggest you drive down to Fremont Street, locate the signs (Fremont/Ogden), then return by night to see them lit, you will love it!!!  GO GO GO !!! And it's only 15 bucks, but you do have to wake up early and be there by ten!  Bring a hat and sunglasses and plenty of sunscreen lotsa skin damage in a 1 hr plus outdoor tour!
5	The Fremont Street Galley is one of the best free self-guided street museums in the world. Forget the casinos, Vegas has history even thought it's not very old of a town. So glad this Neon Museum nonprofit group has preserved the glitz of Vegas from its heyday. These are such interesting and beautiful works of art and science. The boneyard is cool too, where signs await restoration or installation in their planned visitor center at the perfectly-suited-for-a-Vegas-museum La Concha motel. There are guided, narrated tours by reservation, $15 donation, worth it for he extra info. But if you do the free self-guided tours after hours, there are plenty of markers and exhibit tags. This is definitely a not-to-miss part of the "Fremont Street Experience" downtown. Even better that the laser light show on the weird screen canopy over downtown Old Vegas. What is interesting is that there are a lot of othe old motels and such stsill in use along the older end of the strip. I recommend a ride in a convertible (or like I had, in my cousin's 96 Impala SS w/ a vette engine and moonroof) down the strip, to see the old part.
5	Absolutely Egg-cellent! A must see while in Vegas!  Ask for Justin to be your tour guide, he's an amazing informative guide who you'll want to take home in your pocket.Make reservations early, they always fill up.  As I learned once before.The address is of a building where you meet and pay, then cross the street to the actual outdoor museum.  Park behind the building, easy walk, I just wouldn't recommend going in August (it's one of the hottest months of the year) there isn't any shade.  Bring water & an umbrella for shade!!!!!
5	I have heard about this place and always wanted to check it out.  There have been several movies that have used this as a backdrop and it's just interesting to see a part of Vegas history.The place operates as a non-profit group.  They charge $15/pp to cover the cost of this walking tour which lasts for 1 hour.  We got there on a Tues., and took the tour with about 20 other people.  Pretty popular.  If you plan to take photos, you will need to sign a waiver that says that you will not use it for commercial use.  As you take the tour, the guide provides you with a history of the signs, evolution and really interesting general facts.  Great tour for history buffs!Support the Neon Museum and take this tour on your next trip to Vegas.  It's only a few miles north of The Strip.TIP #1: If you want to take a sneak peak of the museum, you could stop by McWilliams and Encato, located in Las Vegas.TIP #2: If you plan to take the tour in the summer, be sure to bring an umbrella and water!
5	Many of my clients what do do wedding photography or model portfolio pictures here.It's a great spot!
5	I have been to so many places in Vegas, I thought I have seen it all, but no -- there's more, don't forget the Neon Museum! I LOVE this place. I can't wait for the old La Concha lobby to be finished and this will be the coolest place ever! The tour through the Boneyard was awesome, and our guide was incredible. He knew so much about every little detail of the signs, and big on old Vegas history. That was super cool. He also made us very aware of the dangers since this place is covered in rusty metal and broken bulbs, I was secretly hoping a stupid tourist would get hurt when they were too busy not listening to the guide. Coolest place, especially if some of you Vegas fans have been to every show, restaurant, and every inch of the Strip -- this was a hidden gem.  A MUST SEE!PS -- I kept thinking about *Mars Attacks* the entire time, you Tim Burton fans will know why!
4	Luck be a lady tonight...luck be a lady tonight...luck if you've ever been a lady to begin with...luck be a lady tonight!Now you would think a city like Vegas would have a massive building with all their historic neon signs all lit up as a blinding tribute to Sinatra-era glitz. Leggy showgirls would act as docents and hand out free sunglasses to prevent retina damage among the patrons. But no, not even close. It's not a museum in the traditional sense...it's more the open-air variety you would find in a third-world country where you would pay to see local peasants making flour with a rock.The Neon Museum actually consists of two locations - one is the Fremont East area where refurbished neon signs are on display in the street median, the other is a bit north of downtown where there is a "boneyard" of aged neon signs leaning against each other in a couple of lots surrounded by a canvas-covered chain-link fence. Fremont East is intriguing at night as the neon signs form a parade of sorts highlighted by the Hacienda Cowboy hovering over a stoplight (see the gallery). Make sure to watch out for the drunken revelers who frequent the clubs lining the street. They're a mean bunch.I only became aware of the boneyard through Anthony Bourdain's show where he was given a retro-swing tour by a Sammy Davis Jr. impersonator. So after an afternoon in Red Rock Canyon, Jamie W. and I made a beeline to the boneyard only to realize that you have to make an advance reservation to gain entry. Damn. We did take a peek though the fence to see what we were missing - a hodgepodge of gigantic, rusting signs that look almost like a surreal montage of one big hangover. I donated $15 online to the museum, the admission they charge for a private tour, since I did take a few snaps from the outside (see the gallery). I hope they get enough funding to realize their goal of converting the retro-cool La Concha Motel lobby into the museum visitor center. These signs deserve a lot more care than can be afforded in a junkyard. Where's Fred and Lamont? You hear that, Elizabeth? I'm coming to join ya, honey!
4	To even get tickets, it's like a covert operation, lol.  But once you join the walking tour with a guide, its all good.  You'll be in the sun, so come prepared for the weather -- and try to visit non-summer.  The signs are amazing...and you can walk right up to them.  It's seriously like time-traveling back to early Vegas...and for the money -- you can't beat the experience.  Worth the trip -- and you need to make reservations in advance.
5	I've been to LV at least 15 times and had never even heard of the Neon Boneyard until scanning Yelp for some undiscovered gems. I'm so glad I did as its one of the best diversions from the strip. If you're into history, or the swing/rockabilly era, or just kitsch, this place is awesome! Unfortunately for those in LV this month, the musuem/boneyard is only open on weekends while they complete and move into their new permanent space across the street. You can still tour the yard but its in a bit of dis array in a fenced in parking lot. (Reserve in advance as the limited times fill up fast.) The good news is the greatest collection of sin-city neon will soon have a permanent home with a visitor center worthy of its collection, the retro La Concha Motel lobby. Its not a museum in the traditional sense. The Neon Boneyard moniker more accurately describes it. The yard is filled with every type of neon (and metal) signage removed from casino's and stores of the Vegas of yester year. Looked at without the backdrop provided by the volunteer guides its just a colorful collage of a bygone era. But with the thorough historical perspective of the docents you can almost feel the rat pack's presence. The collection is all donated or bought and maintained (if you want to call their condition maintenance) through donations so the $15 tour fee is well worth it.
4	ok- fair warning, nobody will tell you where this place is. sadly, it's because people try to vandalize the old signs. but leave it to me, i found the spot!the signs are presently being kept in a parking lot behind green fence, waiting to be restored. my boyfriend and i snuck around the fence peeking in and snapping pics. i took over 100 pictures. such cool vegas history! but so sad at the same time, that vegas has changed so much...i spoke with a woman who works for the neon museum and she says that they hope to have all of the signs restored by next year. she was also the one to tell me that she couldn't tell me the location of the signs. but a few of the ones that have already been restored are placed randomly around old downtown vegas and freemont street.
5	Great Place! Take your camera and learn a little about old LV. Enjoy Neon Bone yard!
5	One of the best attractions in Vegas and not enough people know about it.
3	Maybe not as cool as it could be but it's a start.  And definitely stop by here if your in Las Vegas and then check out their little arts district.  Begin or end your tour with coffee at the peppermill!  Be sure to bring along your copy of Sartre's "Being and Nothingness".   XO
5	I had seen a show that had information on the Neon Museum.  I tried to book a tour and was told they were sold out.  I was instructed to try again, giving some advance notice as the museum doesn't take walk ins.  The woman on the phone was very pleasant and courteous.  So, I called ahead and was able to get a tour for today. The museum is hard to find, but is well worth the effort.  I arrived and paid my admission.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  While the tour started a few minutes late, it was nice, because some late comers were allowed to join.Our tour guide, Alex, was very entertaining.  He was knowledgeable about the signs and told a lot of stories about Vegas history.  He explained that the museum tries to restore signs and is installing the restored signs in Las Vegas, including the Silver Slipper outside of the boneyard which is illuminated at night.  He also mentioned several signs on Fremont Street which have been restored to their former glory.The most remarkable thing about the museum is that the signs are beautiful to see up close.  Alex mentioned that each sign was individually designed by professional artisans.  The attention to detail that went into these signs is amazing.  I was able to get up close to the sign and take a few pictures.Some people may call it junk, but the signs enable the tour guide to tell stories about the people and places of Vegas.  It puts it in context.  It is also an interesting study in architecture.  I highly recommend visiting this museum.A few caveats:  The museum is outside and it does get hot.  The museum allows you to bring in water.  Also, make sure you wear comfortable shoes that are close toed.  There is broken glass on the ground and this can cut exposed toes if you aren't careful.
5	Neon JunkYard is a "must tour".  As a local, I waited a long time before taking the trek!  The tour guides aim to please, and treat everyone special!  If you don't know exactly where you are going, you will get lost.Don't miss this!  especially if you are an art lover!
5	Would it be crazy to admit that the Neon Museum was my favorite attraction in Vegas? Because it was. Since I love typography and design I found this tour to be unique and fun. Our tour guide was extremely knowledgeable and I could tell he thoroughly loved talking about how neon signs played a role in Vegas' history. I had no clue so much was involved with the concept and design of the signs - it was definitely informative and a fun place to check out that wasn't bursting at the seams with slot machines and alcohol. A must see if you're in the area. As others have advised: the sun in Vegas is definitely more brutal than what I'm used to back home, so bring sunglasses or a hat and some water.
4	My mom who lives in Vegas suggested that we go here when I visited sometime, so we hit it up. Lots of cool old signs that used to light up Las Vegas. The place could use more room since alot of the signs were stacked a few deep in some places and you couldn't see them all. They said they were gonna expand in the future, so I guess I need to head back again sometime. Tour guide did a fine job.
4	Every year they have an open house where it is open to the public and you don't have to go on a tour.  It cost $5 and, once you get in, you can just walk around.  The time I went the line got pretty long and they could only let in a certain number of people and would only let in new people as people exited.  So prepare for a bit of a wait.Also, if you want to take pictures during the open house you have to sign a piece of paper stating that you will not use the pictures for a commercial purpose.  If you aren't planning on taking pictures, skip this line to get in quicker.It's really neat to see all the signs.  I'm particularly fond of the duck sign. Apparently, they've made more space and are showing more of the signs, but some are still stacked on top of each other making them difficult to see sometimes. All the volunteers are very nice (including our very own Misti Y.!) so feel free to ask them questions.  I think it would be more interesting to take an actual tour here where the volunteers actually explain the history of the signs.  Next time I will do that and re-review.There is a cute park across the street called the Neon Boneyard Park with nice tables, shade structures, and trash cans.  Perfect for a picnic!  Slider Truck was here so I enjoyed my slider and mystery taco without having to sit on the curb.
4	My wife and I visited the museum/boneyard yesterday during their open house. Rather than having to make a reservation and pay $15, during the open house we were able to just show up and only pay a $5 admission. We didn't want to wait in line, so we opted out of taking pictures and were able to skip the long picture promise line. (signing an agreement that you weren't going to sell the pics)I have heard about the boneyard in the past and always thought it would be a neat place to visit. I was right.The place was smaller than I expected, some of the areas were roped off, and many of the signs were stacked in front of each other. However, we still got to see many, many historic signs up close and personal.  I recognized a lot of the signs from when I was a kid.My favorite sign was the duck. I'm not sure where it was from, but it was really cute. My wife liked the big pool player. She was curious about where a big skull sign came from, so she asked one of the volunteers...who turned out to be Misti Y.! It was my first time meeting a Yelper (let alone Misti) so I was excited. Anyway, it turned out the skull was from Treasure Island.After we walked through the boneyard, we stopped by the park which is quite small. The neat thing about the park is the sign that was designed for it which was based on several old Las Vegas signs.Definitely a fun trip and a great deal!
4	Possibly the most interesting dirt junkyard in existence.I've been wanting to visit this place for quite a while. You usually have to book a tour that costs $15 per person. I was extremely happy to find out (through Yelp no less) about their annual open house. $5 gets you in. It's only a subset of the full tour and there's no tour guide per se, but it was definitely worth it.I arrived before their 11am opening time, so they suggested I check out the brand new Neon Boneyard Park that just opened that same day. It's a nice little park across the street with plenty of table space to eat a packed lunch.On to the museum itself. It's a fascinating collection of signs both recognizable and obscure. Some of the signs are hilarious, like the one for Ugly Duckling Car Sales. One of the signs isn't even from Nevada (it's from Utah). My only wish is that they had more room to display everything. As it is now, many signs are stacked on top of one another. Then again, this definitely gives it that "boneyard" feel.If I remember correctly, they said they will finally be opening up next year. This confused me at first. Then I realized that they are currently operating in kind of a preview mode. You can book tours, but once they open up, you will be able to walk in and visit on a whim.If old school Las Vegas interests you at all, the Neon Museum is certainly worth a visit.
2	I have been longing to see this place for quite some time. Ever since I saw Fools rush in with selma hayek and matthew perry. When I first moved here this was on the top of my list with the Bellagio fountains. So when I found out you needed to schedule a tour and this and that.. I let the dream go b/c I dont know anybody in this town to schedule a complete tour. When I saw this on Yelp I told my bf I had a complete weekend scheduled for us. We get there and stood in line - and about 20 min. in realize its cash only. It had occured to me but didnt really hit me, duh, its not a museum yet.. no debit accepted. So we left and he was fully ready to go pull out $ and I was really ready to move on, but his pitiful face - I decided to search my car. I'm a poor college student who never ever carries cash. But luckily I found $3 in my wallet that I never use. and $7 in my CD case. It was meant to be. We turned around and waited in line 2x. and then the ladies behind the table were kinda rude to him so he got kinda rude back and it was just awkward. then she started to talk bad about him right in front of me. I just glared b/c I wasnt going to get us thrown out after we already paid our only cash to get in. I thought they were both in the wrong for getting ugly with each other but in all fairness they started it with the ugly tone. We proceeded to take pics and were having a good time.I took a pic of a "silver slipper" neon sign and was yelled at by some staff person that said I needed to stay 6" away from the sign. SO I measured out  to show him how far away my whole body was from the sign. I was ready to go from that point. Then the girl 2 steps ahead of me started touching the sign but she was told nothing. I saw her 2x touch the signs... not a word. wth? I didnt say anything but didnt think this was fair? I was over this, finished my pics and was out. I wont go back but it was a once in a lifetime deal that now I cant wait to forget about.I took 3 stars away b/c all the signs were on top of each other - couldnt see a lot of the signs, 2 for 3 different staff members rudeness. 2 stars b/c the signs were intriguing, shame the staff had to ruin it.
5	The Neon Museum is a must see if you are in Vegas. This was by far the coolest attraction I saw while I was there this Christmas.TIP: Schedule your tour online well in advance as the tours actually fill up. You have to have a reservation to get in!Not only are the old signs awesome to look at, but the stories behind them are lots of fun! Our tour guide was a hoot and made the tour very amusing. The Neon Museum has a lot of changes coming up in the near future and they are preparing to expand their offices and collection to make an even better experience. Our guide told me their ultimate goal is to restore as many signs as they can and get them back into Las Vegas. A good example is Aladdin's Lamp on Fremont Street, downtown. The whole tour is outside so, plan for the weather. It's $15 per person and they take cash and cards. If you want to take pictures, you have to sign a release that you wont publish them or sell them. It's no big deal, just sign it. The pictures you get out there are awesome.The people working the Neon Museum are really passionate and it shows in their effrots. If you haven't been, locals and travelers alike should go!Support Vegas History, people!!
5	I've done the reservation-only tour twice now. Back in May when the boneyard was relocated to the Cashman parking lot and recently when it was relocated back to the site where the actual museum is being built.A physical museum does not yet exist, but is under construction and expected to open in Fall 2011.Making a reservation is rather simple and easy. We've made our reservations 1-2 weeks in advance, and both times we went were during holiday breaks (Memorial Day weekend and just after Christmas). You do need to be flexible, though. Both times, we didn't get the time we wanted, but did get the day we wanted at an earlier time. They typically aim for about 20 people on a tour with typically two tours happening during each time slot (so 40 people total for each time).While the museum is being built, you meet up for the tour across the street at the Reed Whipple Center. A few minutes before your tour time, they check everyone in, everyone pays their $15, and you sign a "I won't sell these pictures, etc." form if you are planning on taking photos (and you definitely should take photos).This tour is an absolute must! Everyone I've taken on the tours with me has completely loved it. No matter how much you know about Las Vegas and its history, you will almost certainly learn something new. And it's just so awesome the way the signs are arranged and being able to see them up close. This is all that is preserved of so much of old Vegas. Definitely a very unique experience.Our tour guide both times was Justin - fabulous, fabulous tour guide! He really knows his stuff and does a great job of telling the stories behind the signs.Again, this is a completely unique Vegas experience and a total must-do.
5	I have an abundance of complaints about Sin City.  The people, the extreme heat, the extreme cold, the culture clashes and lack thereof, the nausea-inducing unnecessary parading of silicone-filled flesh, the Hollys and the Madisons of the moment, the fried dreams and burnt ambitions, the construction.  But, there is something about the fearless honesty of the numerous impostors on which this city is built, something that sneaks up and endears itself to my heart, vulnerable once every two weeks.I like the name "Neon Boneyard" better than "Neon Museum", I've visited many less-than-mediocre museums in this town, and only one fabulous boneyard.  The graves of old neon lights is a place where the true spirit of Vegas resonates from the crevices of all its rawness.  If only those signs could talk, I would be more than happy to leave Vegas Present to be among apparitions of mobsters, prostitutes, gamblers, and tourists of Vegas Past.  Visit when the sun is about to set, and look at the lights through the lens of your camera, that limited and frozen image at the dying of the day is something that haunts you, in a good way.
5	Im playing yelp catch-up....and Ive got tons of reviews now totally random as I try to remember things I did and where I was when...so I am not even going to tell you how long ago it was that we were here (looks down in shame) Ok sorry about the mini-ramble-overshare moment...it happens.  When my now husband (then bf) and I did this tour...we had a great time! We took a cab from the Freemont St. area. There was a wait until the tour started and we met a few pretty nice people while we looked around the building. Once we got in line and paid...we were out the door and on our way to a field of broken glass and awesome old signage. (Note: Open-toed shoes may not be the wisest decision until the museum is indoors) We got a bit of history from the guides...and they were quite informative. We absolutely loved taking photos and walking around surrounded in history. They were gracious with their time and allowing people to take many pictures. I can not wait until we can return to the finished museum. A great time was had and the friends that ditched out on the tour with us ("that sounds boring...we are in VEGAS" types) were so jealous once they saw all the pics we took...
5	I love doing cool un-touristy like things whenever I visit a city and the Neon Museum was just the ticket.  It is an old "boneyard" (not graveyard, as it is still technically living since the pieces are being restored) of some of the historic Vegas signs that have adorned the Strip and Freemont Street over the years.  We took the guided tour ($15 per person) and it was nice to have a guide there tells us about the history of each sign and place and where it came from.  Great photo opportunities so don't forget your camera.  The Neon Museum is located in a sketchy part of town and we had serious problems getting a cab -- we called 2 companies and no cabs ever came; and I only saw 2 cabs passing by going south on LV Blvd.  Super sketch, and obvi people in this hood don't take cabs.  However there is a bus stop right outside the cultural center and we decided to hop on it after 40 minutes of no show cabs.  We asked some of the patrons if it went to the strip, and it did not go directly but they told us to get off at Carson and walk back 1 block and take another bus; which we did and it ended up being easier (but longer), cheaper, and more adventurous then taking a cab, so in some forms I am glad we opted for the PT route, even though we were clearly out of our element, shall I say...
4	It's worth the jaunt to the seedy part of town to catch a glimpse into yesteryear's Las Vegas lore.  Highlight: 20-ton man playing pool. Tip: bring your wide-angle lens.
5	This is seriously one of the most interesting things you can do while in Las Vegas!  The Neon Museum is an amazing goldmine of history, it's amazing to walk amongst the old neon signs and ponder what kind of people used to venture there back in the day.There is not an actual museum in place yet, it is being built, so for now if you want to visit, you have to go to their website and sign up for a tour on the day you wish to go.  I suggest signing up a couple of weeks in advance to ensure you get a tour because they do fill up.I was excited to be able to view these signs before the museum opens up (January I believe they said).  It's a rare "treasure" that is fairly hidden right now.  Our groups consisted of about 10 people and we had a really nice guide who were able to tell us a lot of fun facts about the hotels that these signs used to belong to, as well as facts about the signs themselves, such as how much is involved in creating a neon sign and the science behind a lot of it.   All in all, it was incredibly interesting and you literally feel like you're going back in time as you wander in between the signs while listening to tales about the mob and about how Las Vegas used to be.I highly recommend this for everyone, it's sooo cool!  It won't be the same once there's an official museum there, but I'm happy they will be able to open one so that they can get funding to restore and keep these signs.So... if you're reading this in order to find out whether it's worth it or not to pay $15 for the tour... yes! Go! Sign Up! You will not regret it .... plus the $15 is tax deductible ;-)   Enjoy the tour!(Oh and PS ... Fun Fact: Try locating the Neon Boneyard through Google Earth.... one of the signs are literally staring up at you!! ;-))
5	this is a must see in if you are interested in some of the history and nostalgia surrounding las vegas. it is a great place to take some photos and our guide gave a very nice tour. the people who run this try to keep the tour groups a manageable size so contact them in advance for reservations. we did not have a reservation but were able to take the place of others who did not show up.
5	Yay! If you are tired of doing all the fun stuff on the strip, venture off and take the tour of the Boneyard!It was so cool to learn all the hidden facts about the lights of vegas. Everyone should see what it used to be before LED lights. Oh and you will get some cool new Facebook pictures. lol Pictures are allowed, but no videocameras.
5	This tour is great. You learn a lot about Las Vegas casino history and get to see lots of beautiful old neon signs. Eventually they want to have the signs restored and working, which will be incredible. In the mean time you can see several vintage signs they've saved down on Fremont St. Go take the tour and contribute to the Museum....it's a worthwhile endeavor!
5	If you love art, photography, vintage, old stuff, history, etc., I highly suggest you make reservations at this lovely museum wayyy well in advance (so you'll know NOT to go crazy drinking the night before, wake up with an intense hangover and miss what I think is Vegas' best kept secret). Ya heard right. You HAVE to make reservations online because spots fill up quick. How to get there? If you're coming from The Strip, drive north and you will see the museum on the right side but you will have to park behind the Reed Whipple Cultural Center which is located on the left side. It's $15 a person in which you pay inside the Reed Whipple Cultural Center. If you are taking photos (camera phones included!) you will have to sign a form where you agree not to sell your photos, use it for commercial use, yadda yadda- basically the photos you will take is for personal use only. You will then walk across the street with a good amount of people and your tour guide will take you inside the lot. Our tour guide was Paul and he was extremely informative! He talks about the history of the signs and you can take photos throughout the tour. Wear closed toe shoes because there is a possibility of broken glass on the ground.Loved, loved, LOVED everything about the tour! The signs are absolutely beautiful up close (the color/paint of the signs blew me away). Every single photo I took was amazing (that doesn't happen TOO often haha) and I guarantee that you will also capture amazing photos as well (that is if you plan on taking photos, but who wouldn't?)
5	This place is amazing, I'm usually not a fan of visiting Las Vegas, but the neon light boneyard made this trip worthwhile! We didn't know you needed reservations but were lucky enough to get squeezed into a tour literally 2 minutes before it left. If you go, take a camera and be well hydrated, a lady had to be taken away by ambulance because she fainted.
3	3.5 stars.  (docked a star for the barely audible boring tour guide, and docked 1/2 a star for the price of $15.) Nonetheless, it is a landmark I have wanted to visit for a while now, and I am glad I did. I did learn some fun facts, and I was able to take some fabulous photos.  They have 1 hour tours twice a day and advance reservations are required.  Wear closed-toe shoes because you are walking through rocks, dirt, and rubble.  And I haven't tried it yet, but you can see the old Treasure Island gigantic Skull on satellite google maps.
5	A trip to Vegas would not be complete without this tour. The tour guide was fabulous and I learned so much history. The price is only $15 per person and it is the best $15 I spent. A little advice though, there is not any shade so a hat and water is not a bad idea.
4	I love art and places like this! Wanted to come here after seeing "The Killers" music video for "All These Things That I've Done" and was excited to share this experience with the boyfriend! The tour was interesting, you get to learn facts about different signs and the hidden secrets about LV. It's smaller than I thought but totally a good way to see all these lost signs in person. I wish the allowed the tour to go into the other side of the boneyard though. Totally recommend this tour if you're sick of walking up and down the strip and want to check out some cool old LV signs! Remember to bring a hat and water as there's mp shade at all and it can get really hot during the tour.
3	Ok granted, this place was very cool and interesting to look at. I was totally psyched to get here and see the place....HOWEVER.... the boyfriend and I were kind of disappointed because of the extremely boring tour guide who seemed to be a bit annoyed everytime people wanted to take photos. If you were a little behind and he couldnt see you, he would get annoyed. [There were all adults in the tour.. its not like we are children climbing all over the signs!]Its a shame because we wanted to take so many more pix and we felt rushed. We could barely hear whatever he actually WAS saying. Also, there is a $15 "donation". If you are coming from The Strip and you dont have a car, think carefully about how you are getting there and back. We took a cab which came to about $24. The way back we had to walk forever just to find a bus stop [Mind you I had blisters all over my feet and a swollen ankle]. This walk was torture! All in all, I do recommend this tour only because of the beauty of the neon signs.
5	By far one of my very favorite places to visit in Las Vegas. I've become a bit of a Vegas history buff over the years, checking out all of the old casinos, restaurants and bars and soaking up what little of "Rat Pack Vegas" still exists. If you're into the vintage stuff or are just a photographer looking for your muse, you owe it to yourself to devote a little of your Las Vegas vacation to set up a tour at the Neon Museum. Just wear sunscreen and bring a hat!
5	This was the highlight of my trip to Vegas. If you're interested in Vegas history, not just spending hours upon hours in smoky casinos losing ungodly amounts of money, the Neon Museum is perfect for you.Book at least a week in advance though their website or via phone or you might not get a reservation. They take very few people at a time through the boneyard, which helps when you're taking the zillions of awesome photos that you're bound to take. They make you sign a release saying you won't sell the photos commercially or use them on a professional blog, which I can understand.The tour is $15, they hold two a day most days at noon and two, and some if not all tour guides are volunteers. Kim was our tour guide and she blew us away with the depth of her knowledge about Vegas history. The $15 fee is a donation for which you can receive a receipt for tax deduction purposes. So not only do you get a rad tour, but you're also helping to establish this museum which right now isn't much of a museum. Not yet.Take water and wear a hat if you're visiting during the summer months - there's very little shade to be found on the tour.Also, they don't allow big bags - they worry that you'll back up and hit a sign with your bag - so you need to leave them at the museum's office during the tour.A cab from Fitzgerald's casino to the museum was around $7.50 and we took the Deuce bus back to Fremont afterward. The Deuce (inbound toward the Strip) stops right outside of the museum. It's pretty darn close to Fremont if you're staying Downtown.If you have even a fleeting interest in Vegas history, take the tour. It's definitely worth your time and money.
4	This was an unexpected last minute side adventure to our friend's birthday wknd. I called their office 4 days before our trip to see if we could get into a Saturday tour and at first I was told they were booked out til July 17th but I asked to be placed on a waiting list. She called me back and said someone had cancelled and they had room for us! Woohoo! Yes, we did have our own car which made it convenient and free for us to get there (on the far North side of the strip) And parking was free. They have a fun/friendly staff check you in that has you sign the waver not to sell any pics you may take and all tour guides are volunteers. Ours was Amy. She was friendly and very knowledgeable re: the history of Vegas and all the signs currently resting in the boneyard. It was a hot morning and the sun shines down in June pretty hard even for 10am. I didn't wear a hat as recommended but I was glad I wore sunscreen and had a bottle of water--although it kinda got in the way of my taking pictures. I noticed that some of the signs were either no longer there that I have seen in other yellper's visits or perhaps I missed them because the boneyard has been moved around from time to time. Some of the images that are posted on yelp looked SO cool and I was hoping to get shots similar to those for myself but unfortunately, the signs that were either near or leaning on each other that day were no longer in that same formation. Amy gave us plenty of time to ask questions and told us many interesting facts about the signs. My personal favorites were the big duck, the new Yucca sign and the old Stardust sign. I think they should probably stop calling the $15 charge a "donation" and just charge it as a fee to get the tour. We didn't get the feeling while we were signing up that the donation was optional--but it's totally worth it! Can't wait til they move into the conch-shell looking building as their future lobby area. I'll have to bring the parents back for the tour once they do!
4	Visited the neon graveyard to do something different in Vegas. The tour was very interesting & it makes for tons of fun photo-ops!I definitely recommend it if you can pry yourself away from the tables & bar for an hour. Be sure to call ahead & reserve your tour,
5	What a fantastic piece of Las Vegas History, Great informative tour of the history of the signs, Totally worth 15 bucks, and it goes to constructing the museum.. It is hot in the summer so bring sun tan lotion and a bottle!
5	This is precisely what Yelp's "Local Flavor" is about, and this off the beaten path traipse through the wrong side of town and stellar Vegas history is as amazing as the story you get from the blue haired guide; she was worth the price of admission! If you are looking for curiosities or oddities, or rare excursions for the curious and adventurous... check this out.  If you need more pics or want to see more:PICS: https://picasaweb.google.com/118246307859485381903/200812LasVegasNEONBONEYARDlousy youtube vid: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__q5_gEVz7k
5	This place is a true gem in Vegas!  Definitely make a trip north to enjoy the history of this town through these fantastic Neon signs.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and you will leave with a new appreciation for Sin City!
5	What a great experience!  Book way in advance (they claim they're now booking 1-2 months in advance).  It took a little more than an hour, as our guide was very knowledgeable and happy to answer all our questions and discuss tangential history as it came up.  It's also interesting to see how the signs worked.Love it, love it, love it.
5	Where do Vegas signs go when they die?  When the casinos and hotels decide to retire their glitz and trade it for a new look, what happens to the classic sparkle?  Thankfully, the people who run the Neon Museum saved what others wanted to throw away.  And they've put together an amazing collection of Vegas neon signs from the past.  The Neon Museum or Neon Boneyard is one of the most unique places Vegas has.  It's not a copy of Italian or French or Egyptian culture.  It's Vegas culture and Vegas history and its incredible.  The Boneyard is filled with signs from the 40s through the 90s that hung high above the Vegas strip, lit up with bright neon and hundreds of light bulbs.  The volunteers and curators that run the museum offer a reservation-only guided tour through the signs explaining their history and significance in the world of neon art.  And it's really inspiring to listen to them explain the place these signs held as icons in Vegas past.For lovers of Vegas, this is a treasured place--a place that captures some of the ghosts of Vegas past.  It's also a place that proves remains surprisingly undiscovered.  Right now it's still an impressive collection of signs that are housed in an empty lot just north of 95.  But the plans to build a visitor center and a better organized space should lift the Boneyard 's prominence up a little higher.It's a little expensive at $15 a person for the tour, but consider it as a tour of a museum.  Hell, it's the best collection of art in Vegas.
5	It's definitely worth going out of your way to check this place out. If you're staying on one of the usual places on the strip, though, be prepared to shell out $20 for a taxi. You're much better off renting a car or scooter and getting down there.BTW the museum itself is good, but the tour is GREAT. These guys know their stuff and they are very cool people. Don't forget to make a reservation.
3	I would have loved to be able to go in the museum! My brothers and I have always wanted to visit and finally had the chance since we were in charge of our trip. Sadly, the place is closed to the general public and only runs two tours a day (at least when we were there).The guy at the front gave us hope that they're merely waiting for permits to open to the public fully (and hopefully expand), but right now it's just gated exhibit for the lucky few who have tour reservations.
4	It's worth a trip to see all the great ol' signs of vegas. The guide is pretty detailed but nothing on how much any of them cost to make as a completed project. They told us about how much a neon bend costs but nothing about how much neon gas costs. Nothing on how or why some of these casinos went out of business. Overall, I felt the layout could have been a little more spread out. There are signs on top of signs. There's respect here but not sure if they're doing a good job of protecting it. It's outdoors and eventually it is going to rot. :( Maybe vegas should invest in this project a little more than they are.
5	The Neon Museum and the Neon Boneyard in particular is a really amazing place! It has lots of connections with Vegas' own The Killers- they shot part of their video All These Things That I've Done here ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZTpLvsYYHw&ob=av2n ), and they have had many of their photo shoots here (http://www.thekillersfansite.com/album/Photoshoots/ekill11new.jpg).http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you're getting married in Vegas - plunk down the extra cash and get a photo shoot here!If you're not getting married in Vegas - plunk down the extra cash and get a photo shoot here!If you're not into photo shoots - plunk down the extra cash and do the tour here!If you're not into tours - still plunk down the extra cash and do the dour here!SO freaking amazing!  And not just because I'm obsessive about old Vegas lore.  It's seriously AMAZING.P.S.  If you bring your kids here, make sure they are leashed.  Because if they run around and break any of these signs...I WILL yell at your kids.  After I yell at you.  I'm just sayin'.P.P.S.  You can see some of the working signs up and down Fremont Street...but it's not as awesome as coming to the Boneyard.
1	Really, I'm just mad because I didn't even get to see this very cool sounding place.  I read through a couple good reviews, but it didn't take much convincing for me to want to go to a Neon Museum.  After a $25 cab ride to get there, we were shut out.  Of course - we didn't make a reservation - I missed that in any of the reviews, and didn't bother to check their website.  Normally a "Museum" does not require reservations - a "TOUR" would make sense to make a reservation.  I was prepared to give them 2 stars, just because I'm sure it is pretty awesome if you get in.  The dude at the gate who was working at the fold up table with a clipboard said we could wait around for an hour and "Maybe you can get in if we have a cancelation."  My guess is that a group probably just went in about 5 minutes before we got there because he at least asked if we were on the list and it was 1:05.  Seriously, dude - let the two extra people in who offered to give you some cash.  He lost the other star by not even mentioning that there is a section we could see without having a reservation.  I guess I now know how the people feel that try to get into the clubs, wait in line, and pay expensive covers.  I have a pretty good hook-up for that scene - unfortunately, I was more excited about the Neon Museum - maybe next time, but for now  you get one star.
5	Amazing. If you like Vegas junk and Vegas history, come here immediately. The artifacts are fascinating and the tour guide was incredible. You won't be disappointed. A few things to note: - The museum is not open to the public (yet). It is scheduled tours only. In order to get into the boneyard, you need to book a spot on a tour (usually 12-15 people) in advance. It will cost you $15 and usually runs for about an hour. Totally worth it. - If you visit in the summer, make sure to bring a hat, umbrella, etc. There is very little shade in the boneyard so gets pretty toasty. We went in October and I left soaking wet. Luckily the tour guide handed out bottled water at the end of the tour. - If you're staying on the strip, take the bus. A cab will run you at least $20. If you're staying on Fremont, you might be able to walk.So, next time you're in town, do yourself a favor and visit the Neon Museum. The tour is not only visually stunning but a great history lesson. It's really great to see that at least someone is preserving and sharing a slice of this city's rich history.
5	I had so wanted to see this place the first time I visited Vegas years ago but this time I had the time and presence of mind to book a tour. SO worth it. Since you only have the option of taking the guided tour twice a day, 5 days a week, and both of those time slots are at peak overhead sun intensity, it will make photo-taking a bit challenging and my pale a@@ melt. The tour guide very informative with some pretty amazing stories, if a bit goody. I learned a lot. The signs themselves were amazing and nicely arranged in the open air "museum". If you love typography, kitsch, Americana, history, the old Vegas aesthetic, or just unusual attractions.... it is not to be missed. A few words to the wise: Book ahead or else! There are currently no facilities there or nearby. Bring water and wear a hat. And they are a bit dramatic with the we-will-hunt-you-down photo releases.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVEDo not miss this place. Firstly, there's no smoking and you're outside so it gives you a very nice break from the hotels and throngs of people. Secondly, it's a nice bit of Las Vegas history. Thirdly, if you're into photography, this is the place for you. This was just a lovely experience and the highlight of our trip. Their visitor center is supposed to be open in the summer of 2012 and then you'll be able to just show up and go on a tour, but until then, you must go to their website and make your reservations that way.
5	Make this part pf your old classic Vegas tour.....How much do I Love the Neon Musuem???!! OMGosh it was so fun, different, interesting and cool. The Boneyard was so fun to take pictures in. We went last February and so the weather was great, not too hot or cold.  We also took the recommendation of the tour guide and drove along Fremont Street East to look at all the still functioning Neon signs, which was a fun little drive at night.I also was surprised by how many people from other countries were on the tour, which I thought was even cooler. Just up Las Vegas Blvd North from the musuem is THE best casino in Vegas, Jerry's Nugget. Seriously, we gamble here every day we're in Vegas because it's old school Vegas and I always win at video poker here. Plus the coffee shop has great food (see my review).
5	This is a must see!   I knew iit would be cool, but it was beyond neat.  Seeing the old signs and learning the history of them was well worth the $15.  You must make reservations, but it is well worth it.
5	If you're visiting Vegas, or need somwhere to take friends that isn't the strip, stop by the Neon Museum.They are currently an outdoor only museum. When we stopped by this past weekend the tour guide informed us that they're currently builiding an indoor visitor's center and are making plans for an overall indoor facility. But, if it's winter time, bring a coat!Book your tour in advance, wear comfy shoes, and bring a camera. The tour lasts about an hour. Our guide was friendly, funny, informative. He seemed like he really wanted to be there and liked to tell stories of old vegas.The tour is great that you don't always have to be watching the guide. he allows you to stroll alittle and take pics at your own pace. He speaks loud enough for you to hear as you toddle along.I got some great shots while visiting.  I plan to go again next time i visit to see if they've moved around/swapped out some of the signs for more photo ops.
5	One of the best things I've done in Las Vegas. I'm a designer and typographer so it was paradise for me, but my friends who are not found it amazing too. It was nice to get off the strip and learn a little history and get close to the sheer scale of the old signs. i'm so glad someone decided to preserve these treasures instead of blowing them up!
5	For a place that changes so much, it's hard to believe that Las Vegas is a place that has a history - or even wants to admit it. But perhaps its history lies in its constant reinvention. Casinos on The Strip seem to meet their ultimate demise in the form of a wrecking ball too often as newer, bigger and more modern casinos make the old ones less viable, but what remains are the signs, relics of a past life, after the concrete has been imploded and bulldozed.Here is where Las Vegas stores its history. Sure, the town started as a railroad stop, but the casinos and neon lights are what built its reputation and made it a destination for party-goers worldwide.The admission is a $15 "donation", but you'll find it's all worth it once you peruse the rusting signs of yesteryear. Your tour guide (ours was Mitch), will passionately explain to you where all the pieces came from, what happened to buildings they once advertised, and then tell you how this relates to the story of Las Vegas. There's a lot of drama involved!Many people come to Vegas to lose their memories and inhibitions. The Neon Museum is a reminder that they're still there, that Las Vegas has pride in its history. Be a part of the few that don't come to Vegas just to join a giant party. I grew up going to Vegas often, and swore I'd never come back, after a fateful 21st birthday trip. But my cousin got a free room at the Venetian, and I was itching to leave LA for a short getaway. This place was easily the highlight of the trip, as well as every previous trip to Vegas combined in my life up to now. Go! NOW! Truly not something one should miss.
5	I have seen the Neon Museum on different shows (defenders/CSI/Storage wars) but had never been there until this last trip.  What a great place full of history of the industry that made Las Vegas great.  I am a huge sucker for things like this, and the Neon Museum doesn't dissapoint. The tour was about an hour, and it was fantastic.   If you are a history geek, you will love it.  Walking past all the old signs made me feel like I was apart of an era gone by.
5	If you're looking for a change of pace and something to do in Vegas besides gamble, check out the Neon Museum Boneyard Park! It features old Vegas signs that have been rescued from being thrown away forever. These signs really are relics of the past and contain a lot of history within them. You have to book your tour in advance online (http://neonmuseum.org) and you can also purchase your tickets there. Our guide was Ian, and he was funny and knowledgeable about the various signs, and gave us some insight into Las Vegas history. Everyone seemed very happy to be on the tour, and it was a good vibe amongst the group. It's close enough to the downtown area, I could have probably walked it. This was my second time on the tour, and they did rotate some of the signs in and out of the tour, so I didn't hear and see all the same things twice. It felt neat to see the old signs and hear about the level of work that went into them, and the stories about how things used to be in Vegas. The tour lasted about an hour. We were allowed to take photos as we went along. All participants of the tour signed a waiver before entering, saying we would not use our photos for commercial purposes. It's a great tour, and definitely something different to do in Vegas.
5	The Neon Boneyard Museum is a MUST DO!   I picked this excursion because of a CSI episode and then the recommendation of a friend. To begin, get Tina as your tour guide.  She is native Las Vegan, enthusiastic, fun and knows here history! Her tour and story telling made me want to do the tours again when it has it big grand opening in the next year! You have to book online on the following site: http://www.neonmuseum.org/  It is $15 a person and the proceeds really do go to the right places.  They have so many signs from the Moulin Rouge, recently downed Sahara and Barbary Coast to the historic Algiers.  Our tour guide, TINA, was amazing. She is a local who knows all the stories and has met some of the architects of the signs and the original owners of the hotels. She truly is an added treasure to the tour!Note: It is right next to the civic center parking lot. So at the light turn left  (not right to the civic center!) into the small parking lot across the street and then walk back over.  Parking is free and safe.  And remember to tip your tour guides!
5	A must see for Vegas fans. Tour guides are pleasant and knowledgeable.
5	This place is amazing.In a city with seemingly no interest in maintaining their history, this is a wonderful treat. You can see signs that are one-of-a-kind and truly Vegas. The guides are knowledgeable and honestly care about these relics of a forgotten city. The neon tradition is alive and well! Support this place and make sure you stop by when you need a break from giving your money to casinos.It's about a half-mile from Fremont Street, you can easily walk up there from the Deuce bus stop if you're coming from the Strip. A must-see for anyone interested in art, design, advertising, or Las Vegas history.
5	Fresh air & Vegas history!  One of my favorite parts of my trip was visiting this museum.  The two guides obviously also had a love for the history and what they are doing - it was infectious.  I learned a ton about the craftsmanship of the signs and history of old Vegas. Very cool indeed!Be sure to make a reservation - you can't just show up. I reserved/paid online. They are in the middle of building a visitor center, which I'm guessing will make it easier for more to visit in the future.
5	Book a tour at least one month in advance! They tend to fill out 2-3 weeks before the date. $15 is fully worth it for a tour led by a knowledgeable volunteer or staff with interesting bits of history and trivia. The photos of the signs you see might change by the time you visit because they're constantly moving or renovating the signs they receive as a donation to the museum. By Summer 2012, they will have more signs from the current overflow, which were behind a gate when we visited last Saturday. Bring your good camera and make friends along the tour and have others take photos of you and your party. The tour took about an hour and a half, but I wish we had more time to wander the boneyard!
5	BEST non-gambling/alcohol-related attraction in Las Vegas!!I just wish I had more time to explore.  Our tour guide was very strict with how far away from the group we could stray off, but understandably so.  She was incredibly knowledgable as well as gave lots of historical facts (personal as well as public).Just go check it out, it was worth it.  Make sure you make a reservation!
4	They say the neon lights are bright on Broadway...but in Vegas they aren't even neon!  Fluorescent and incandescent, actually.  A pre-reserved tour via the web and a waiver signing later, we joined our tour guide Bill through the beautiful new desert park across from Cashman Center and into the boneyard.  My favorite is the Silver Slipper "on a stick" on the Boulevard, but there are many other great signs and memories here.The shamrock, the ugly duckling from a used car lot, the one sign from Utah from a Chinese Restaurant, Vegas history, sign company information, sign safety changes, special flooring for lead and mercury and broken bulbs...Bill had a great sense of humor and did well with our tour.  We learned a lot, were allowed to take lots of pictures, and baked in the sun albeit it was only 76 degrees outside.  Bring water (they do provide a bottle for you) and wear sunscreen...the fencing and walls around the boneyard denied the great breeze that we felt when we exited.  The magnificent Moulin Rouge sign, the Barbary Coast, the Stardust, the itty bit left of the Dunes, the recently retired Sahara....it is a magical resting place.I recommend the tour - bring all of your friends and family for some non-neon, unlit, bright lights history.
5	I do photo shoots with brides all over Las Vegas, but the Neon Museum is still my all time favorite place to shoot. Epic!
3	Okay, full disclosure time: The day we went it was about 98 degrees. I have no doubt this plays heavily into my overall review.First of all if it is going to be hot the day you come, bring water AND AN UMBRELLA.  There is SOME shade, but not much.The tour guides are tremendously friendly and happy to answer any questions that you have.  If you are interested in the Neon history of Las Vegas, this is the place to see the past.I do wish they had some photographs or something to allow you to see the signs in their original glory. While I'm sure this is not possible for EVERYTHING here, famous ones like The Desert Inn or Sassy Sally surely they could do.  At some point there is going to be a "Visitors Center", so hopefully this will have something like that.By all means I absolutely recommend seeing it if you can, but I'm not kidding about the heat.  My poor iPhone kept bringing up the Temperature Warning as I was trying to take pictures. But it was a wonderful opportunity to see these signs.
4	A very cool place- you get to see and hear some interesting bits of Vegas history, or even revisit history if you've been to Vegas before. It's basically a big lot where they display old signs from Las Vegas. There are signs from hotels that have been demolished, and even previous signs from hotels that still exist (Treasure Island), as well as signs from other old Vegas businesses. They require an advance reservation, I had no problem reserving a spot for a weekday tour a few days prior this April. As others have emphasized, there is NO SHADE except in the little park where you start, and no bathrooms. But! Despite my best efforts to make sure I was empty before traveling there, by the time I got there I had to go again (I blame the heat)! One of the tour guides informed me there was a bathroom in the library just down the street, thankfully.   I wouldn't especially recommend this for very young kids, the tour guide asks you to stay within sight at all times and of course you are surrounded by big hunks of metal, glass and light bulbs. We were warned there might be debris such as broken glass due to recent winds, but as far as I could tell they kept the lot pretty clean. If you don't have a rental car, it's not hard to get here by bus from the Strip (took about 40-50 minutes). It's about a mile walk from the Fremont Street area, so you can swing by there on the same trip. They have some more fully restored signs set up around Fremont Street.
4	This is a perfect place for anyone who doubts that Vegas has any "culture."  We scheduled a tour here (as of this posting, it's not open everyday to the public, so call ahead) and learned so much about Vegas' history from the design and trends of neon signs.  It's very unique and a great place to take photos. Fair warning for families - If you have a toddler, keep them in a stroller.  There are lots of broken glass and scrap metal that curious hands can get a hold of.  After 2/3 of the tour, my daughter couldn't stand being restrained in the stroller any longer, so she sat up on my friend's shoulder.
5	Book early, bring water, wear sunscreen and enjoy!  So many cool pieces of Las Vegas History rolled into a few acres of concrete.  The guides were so passionate that it's hard to not feel good, too.It was sooooo hoooooot....  but worth it.  We noted the 7-Eleven nearby, and slurpeed up on our way back to the strip.  The best "attraction" in Vegas!
4	Great museum of Las Vegas history.  It was wonderful to see signs from places I had actually visited in the 1980's on my first visits to Sin City.  Currently the museum is not yet open, but you can book tours through their website.  It'll be open to the general public in October of 2012.  The reason I gave only 4 stars it that Mike, our tourguide, tried to be too cutsey and entertaining.  He may have been funny to yokels from Texas and Canada, but I found him annoying.
5	I've been to Vegas 6 times in the past 6 months and FINALLY got a chance to check out the Neon Museum! I can't believe I waited so long!This place is super cool and the tour guides are awesome. You can learn a lot of history about Vegas and it's so interesting to hear how much has changed! I thought there was only 1 tour a day at 10am but there were actually a couple other groups in the boneyard as well. It's like a 10 minute drive from the strip and I don't think they allow walk ups so make sure to reserve a spot online! It's totally worth it!
4	The original bling. I was looking forward to this and it did not disappoint. Just make sure you make the appointment to visit the Boneyard as early as you can in the summer.  I made the mistake of booking it at 10am and it was el scorcho. 104. This place is full of personality and history.  The guides are friendly and informative. I've always enjoyed the old rat pack era of Vegas and there's alot of that vibe here.  The only bummer is that the tour was just an hour and the yard is rather tiny. Be mindful that you are walking in a salvage yard so watch where you are walking. There might be glass on the ground or metal rods sticking out. They're expanding and the renovations should be ready by Nov. As Arnold famously said, I'll be back.
5	So cool. We got a private tour because I work at Zappos, so I don't know how it works for the public. It's not very big but it's visually fantastic. If you love art and design you will really enjoy this. Bring your camera. The guy gave us a pretty good amount of historical information as well.
5	$18 adults. Residents, seniors, vets, military, and students $12 .and children under 6 are free!This is an outside tour so you should dress accordingly to the weather! The tour guide is very insightful and the museum tour is really fun. BE SURE TO MAKE RESERVATION! We were there when they just opened for two weeks and all the tours were sold out. It'd be best to call ahead!
4	You can't beat $15 per person. Went on the tour yesterday at 3 and it was great. Would have been nicer had most of the signs been lit up. Obviously most of the signs are damaged and it would cost them a ton of money to renovate them all. It's in a kinda sketchy part of town next to Cashman Field so once your tour ends, head back towards the strip.
4	I can't imagine anyone would not enjoy this collection and the history that goes along with it. They've recently renovated and now have a comfortable visitors center and rest rooms to make your tour easier. Souvenirs that are hip, not kitsch horror. The guide we enjoyed was knowledgeable and helpful. All the staff we spoke with seemed genuine and enthused about being there.
4	A great little glimpse back into old Vegas. The guides tell you some interesting stories about past and present casinos, and there are some wonderful photo opportunities. I felt a bit old seeing the marquees of hotels in which I've been inside, but I guess that's all part of life. They said they're trying to start a night tour with some of the placards lit up. That would be cool, and I'd surely come back to experience that.
2	Great Museum- I think it is amazing eye candy for those who like Vegas AND those who may not even be familiar. I gave a rating of two stars with guest service being the focus of my low score. For a first time visitor this place may be out of reach because they require a reservation, which has been noted in other reviews, and may not be available to walk up guests. When booking online I was trying to avoid a sell out tour and not be able to participate- I booked a noon time tour instead of a two o'clock time. (This is where the experience went down hill) When I called to ask for assistance switching I was told there are "no refunds"- I advised them I just wanted a later tour time as I had chosen the wrong time. The operator, Justin" continued to tell me there were no refunds and I would need to pay for another tour. He continued to not address what I was trying to tell him and then started bringing up policy and that I had accepted "terms" on the website- then said the tour was not transferrable. I decided to give up as teh employee was not remotely helpful. Confused on why my needs were not met I adjusted my schedule to attend the tour as I wanted to see the place and not have to pay twice. As I entered the building I immediately liked the place, retro and yet modern and clean. An employee shouted, from behind the desk without getting up, asking if we needed sales for a tour- I said we already paid and tried to avoid that employee at all costs as I realized it was "Justin" from the phone call and could clearly see I could become frustrated with him again. I signed the waiver and moved on to wait for my tour to begin. As the tour started we were taken outside and offered bathrooms before the start then were told multiple times to not wander off and stay with the group (three times) and we can take pictures ofr ourselves but may not sell them (four times). The tour itself is about 45 minutes and had some great information about the signs and how they obtain or have tried to obtain the items. The tour guide was nice but did not guide his audience to what they were interested in but rather what he was able to talk about in depth. I noticed people going and looking at other sections or reading signs more often instead of listening to the topic on hand. At the conclusion of the tour the docent/ tour guide took many tips from the group, which to me was odd, but then left us to use the restroom then exit. It was an uncomfortable end and it was a feeling of being pushed out. In the end I absolutely like this place but because of a horrible first impression over the phone and walking in to the location I have a hard time not telling people how I was treated before I tell them how cool the place was. I realize the place is new and getting settled but the mandatory reservations also need to be altered- you are making people mad by not allowing walk ups- maybe an idea would be to allow a certain percentage of walk ups per time slot to accomodate visitors?To the leaders of this museum- it might be a good thing in the future to invite online ticketing/ walk up guests to participate in a survey detailed each segment of the experience.
4	super cool museum with vintage vegas memorabilia. i love all the old vegas neon signs and it's awesome that someone is preserving them. i highly recommend you book your tour ahead of time via their website or a phone call. dress according to the weather cause the entire tour is outdoors. there are a bunch of signs not on display which is a bummer. i wanna see them all!if you don't get in, there are lots of signs along l.v. blvd. and on freemont st.
5	What an AWESOME time!  We so enjoyed the Neon Museum, we'll definitely return next time we're in town.Our docent (Mitch Cohen) was a font of Vegas and signage knowledge and really gave a fresh perspective to our remaining days in the city.  You'll get an earful of quirky Vegas history that is a blast to apply to different spots on the strip and around town.Definitely bring a camera (although be sure not to fall too far behind your tour group - they're pretty firm on sticking together so don't expect any alone wandering time) and be mindful that the entire tour is outside.That means dressing for the weather and remembering that a late afternoon tour in the winter might mean less than perfect light for all of your swell sign snapshots.Don't miss this great attraction!!  It's worth the cab ride from the Strip (we spent around $18 each way, so it's not the cheapest thing ever) and is within walking distance to Downtown Vegas where you'll pass by some of the more recently renovated signage the museum has helped restore.We missed this because it was getting dark, but across the street from the museum is a park with even more signage.  Sounded pretty cool too!
1	Was really looking forward to visiting here on my family Christmas trip.  Checked their website for holiday hours and it stated that they would be closed on Christmas day but normal hours on xmas eve.  Arrived at 1pm pm xmas eve and told that they were closing and their last tour was 12:30.  No signs posted, nothing about that on the website and no remorse for our let down. Was a ways out of town and took awhile yo get there. Poor customer service!
5	Great experience and history lesson in the history of how Vegas came to be. It's a pretty small lot as they're only showing a portion of the neon signs they have. The docents are very knowledgeable about what they know, but also selective about what they talk about. I suppose it's more of a Spark Notes version of all the great neon signs. PS don't try to wander around after the tour ends, you will be scolded! I was hoping to snag some pictures without the tour group in my way, but that didn't pan out. Overall, cool experience with cool vintage signs.
1	Was looking forward to going. Got the time wrong by 30 minutes due to their website constantly crashing.  Arrived for the tour and the desk workers pretty much said "Sorry, not our fault. Non transferable, no refunds, no reschedules."  The policy was not the issue though. The complete inflexibility of the staff to make any concessions, and their condescending tone with the comments of "we sent you a confirmation email, and you should have looked at it" and "sorry, it's our policy" gave us a bad taste in our mouth and we will never return. ????? Why so inflexible for such a rinky-dink operation?
5	Been wanting to make a trek here but haven't had a chance til now. This is definitely a MUST do in Vegas, especially if you are like me and grew up coming to Vegas as a child and remember the old Vegas.  This was a trip down memory lane for me!The tour guides were great and did a wonderful job of mingling in lots of old Vegas history.  You can also take all the pics you want which is nice but be warned the tour moves kinda fast and they don't allow you to lag behind. Also, be sure to reserve ahead of time cuz our Thursday morning tour was sold out and walkins were turned away.  I'd also suggest bringing a jacket cuz a lot of the signs are in the shade but even on a somewhat warm day it can be chillly. The Boneyard Park across t he street is interesting too. My only constructive crisitcism is that they need to add some addt'l seating in the lobby -- tour size way exceeds the # of seats available so get there early if you wanna sit while you wait.
5	Made a reservation to take a tour over the holidays and came away with a great experience. Glad we did that as walk-ins were either turned away or told to come back hours later. My tip - use the internet and make a reservation!I was pleasantly surprised over how much I learned on my visit. The tour guides are fantastic and it's a great history lesson on the evolution of Vegas.  Mixing in a little bit of humor when giving the history lesson is a nice touch.  The tour itself lasts about 45 minutes to an hour and includes some awesome vintage signs.  Most signs are broken down, but some are restored and they're currently in the process of restoring others.I was able to snag a bunch of pics as they let you roam, but only one sign ahead or behind of the tour. Thus it was organized, while you still got the chance to sneak a personal pic in.  The signs are great and a reminder of some of the old places that used to take my money.  Signs from Stardust, Frontier, and others really take me back.  It's just past downtown Vegas so it might be a little of a trip for tourists, but I'd definitely try to visit the Boneyard if I have the chance.
5	This place is a must visit for anyone to Las Vegas!I'm so thankful I came across it on here as it was never suggested to us by anyone else or even at the hotel we were staying. You start off the tour at their meeting spot where they give you plenty of water and warnings about just how hot it can get in there so be careful!We got to meet our tour guide as well who gave us a quick background on the non-profit organisation behind the museum - it's great to see such a dedicated group of people preserving what some people would just treat as junk.It's an amazing collection of old signage and as part of the tour around the 'boneyard' the guide gave us some great (and humorous) history about Las Vegas. This really made the tour as there was so much we learnt at the same time and it was astonishing to learn just how much the city has changed.If you like your photography this place is an absolute must visit. There's so many good opportunities as the place is full of so much colour and typography.Stop reading my review and book in now! :)
4	My boyfriend & I showed up at 10:00 on a Monday morning without reservations and were able to purchase tickets with ease. The folks working the front desk were extremely helpful & friendly. Our tour guide was sweet and very knowledgeable about the history of Vegas. I must say, I did not expect to learn so much about the history of Vegas during this! I enjoyed seeing the signs. They were beautiful. Here's my only suggestion: When you're touring a place like this, what is the thing most people want to do? Take pictures of course! While the tour guide did not discourage us from snapping pics, I did feel as though:a.) There were way too many people in our group to really get some good pics. We were sort of cramped and it was difficult to take pictures without some stranger being in your photo or you being in someone else's photo.b.) I wish the tour guide, after talking about each section of signs, would've stopped long enough and said "Okay everyone, you've got 3 or 4 minutes to take pics before we move on." That way, we wouldn't miss out on the interesting history of Vegas and could still get some good pics. :)All in all, it was a nice tour and I highly suggest you stop by if you visit Vegas.
5	This place is really cool! It's only been open since late 2012. We tried to get in on a Saturday afternoon - only to find out that you need reservations for a tour (which is mandatory - no walking around by yourself). No calling, only online. Kind of annoying. It turns out they take about 20 people on every tour (every half hour) and out of these 20 there are 6 walkup slots available.We arrived Monday morning just in time for the first tour and got our walkup tickets. Our guide, Sophie, was fantastic!! So much information and very interestingly presented as well. The tour takes about an hour - and taking the first tour of the day is definitely a good idea - especially as it's getting warmer...I would add this to my must list in Las Vegas!
5	Very informative. Lots of info by a very knowledgeable tour guide...presented in a fun way.
5	Mannn oh man, this place is a must go, even if you've got two hours before your flight leaves. I recently visited here and it was such an attraction, especially since I love typography and the physicality of lights, tubes, neon fumes. I didn't think the place was going to be that big or would include a lot of signage, but once you walked into the yard, there were plenty. The tour guides are nice and they know their facts really well. There were humor to keep the tourists entertained. You can bring your camera there, but you have to sign a form that the photos are only for your personal purposes. You can't stray too far from the tour guides, they like to keep an eye on the group and make sure no one is standing on the rocks or messing with the signage (rust and dust).My experience and story:I was able to take photos, it's on my Flickr, and would love to go there again. Although the tour guide limited the flexibility of photo-taking during his historical talks about the signage, I was overall pleased with the experience. I have learned a lot from the tour and would definitely tell my friends about this place. One woman stood on a rock to attempt to take a photo and she got kicked out of it.. So don't do anything crazy!
4	If you're into Vegas history, this tour is a MUST. Our tour guide was young but very educated in the history of Vegas, as well as the signs and casinos that make that history. We have friends who live in Vegas and have never been, and I'm all like WHY NOT? True, it's not the place to go when it's incredibly hot outside. There is no shade! They do recommend bringing water, and I can't imagine not doing that. I would also recommend an umbrella or some other shading device. We visited in April, so I can't imagine how uncomfortable summer would be. So as long as you're prepared and you love Vegas history or any history at all, you're gonna love this tour. Highly recommended! Oh, and don't forget your camera.
4	I've recently got into photography, so this was the absolutely perfect place for me to try out my new camera! I have never done anything in Vegas outside the strip, so this was a first for me! There are a few reasons why I did not rate this 5 stars:- The cab from The Cosmopolitan to the museum was over $30. It really sucks that the cabbies rip you off so badly. Regardless of where you are, they always take you "around the strip" to reduce traffic... whatever. - I did not feel that I had enough time to take all the pictures I wanted. - A very short tour - only about an hour, which doesn't justify the prices of the tickets.  I booked my date/time on-line, which I would suggest doing because they seem to book pretty quick. We got there about 10 minutes or so before the tour started, so we were allowed to walk around the park directly across the museum building. The tour guide was great at his job, but I just felt that there was too much information to take in in such a short period of time. I was one of the only people taking pictures, so I had to quickly snap away while he was talking before moving onto the next sign. I really wanted to listen to the history, but I was focusing on the pictures and it took away from the actual tour. Regardless, it was incredibly interesting and I love the fact that it is fairly new and a nonprofit organization. They focus on preserving the rich history of Vegas through old signs and art forms. When the tour was done, we decided to walk back... well at least as far as we can get. It was a great idea because we ended up walking through Downtown Vegas checking out Fremont St which is a MUST! I am very happy that I found out about this place and I would def recommend checking it out if you have an extra hour or two!
5	I'll take Vegas Neon history for $18 please!Yes, the prices have gone up. But now they have a working restroom on-site and the La Concha visitor center is open. They also offer discounts if you are local, a student, active military, veteran, or senior. Children 6 and under are free but I *suggest* you don't bring them unless they are super behaved. None of the signs here are fixed up and they don't plan on fixing them anytime soon. The guide told us that they are pretty much just gonna leave it up to the elements and if a generous donor comes along, then maybe they'd restore some of them. He mentioned the price to be somewhere along half a million and up.Definitely book a tour online to save you the hassle and frustration. They may or may not take walk-ins. The area is small but what makes it worth while are the knowledgeable docents and of course, the neon signs of years past. They have free parking available and it's a short drive from downtown Vegas. You can even walk there from downtown if you're brave enough.
5	Anyone who has a love for Las Vegas history or a nostalgia of Old Vegas should really take a trip here. It's no more than a 1.5 hour tour, $18, and unlimited photo taking. What's so great about the Neon Museum is that they are able to preserve a piece of Las Vegas and childhood memories.
5	If you're a fan of the Vegas of yesteryear, this is the place for you! A wonderful collection of larger-than-life neon signs in varying states of decay and disrepair. Guided tours take you through the maze of signs and tell the stories behind each and every one. It's easy to stand there dwarfed by a 20 foot neon sign and imagine what the Strip was like when the Rat Pack was still around. Be sure to book your tickets online early, I made reservations at 7 a.m. on a Saturday and the earliest tour I could get into was at 1:30 p.m. that afternoon and when I arrived, plenty of people were being turned away. Also, the concierge at the Flamingo hotel suggested I take the bus to Fremont Street and walk from there to the Neon Museum. The cost for the bus was minimal, but due to Strip traffic and frequent stops, it took about 45 minutes to reach Fremont Street. And, unless you enjoy  taking an extremely long walk on the extremely sketchy side (as in winos sleeping outside abandoned buildings and meth heads approaching you for money), spend the cash for a cab to and from Fremont Street to the Neon Museum at the very least. That section of East Las Vegas, even in broad daylight, is not for the faint of heart and this is coming from a person who's lived in the craziness of East Los Angeles for many years. Overall, really loved the museum and seeing all the old signs. A must see for photographers, designers, typography fanatics, and anyone nostalgic for retro Vegas.
4	It's nice to see all the old signs. Learned more than I wanted to know about sign making. The tour guide was very informative.
5	I was in town for my best friend's 50th bday and she made a list of things she wanted to check out...your atypical weekend in Vegas.   This place was so cool.  Not only is there so much to learn about the history of Neon in Vegas, but equally great is finding out so many things I never knew about the building Vegas in general.    Going in May when it wasn't hotter than HE double toothpicks was a good thing.....well worth the time and money.
4	Ticket prices start at $18 for adults and $12 for students. The tour lasts about 45 minutes and the docents offer umbrellas for the heat stricken.  The day we took the tour it was pretty hot, my suggestion is to wear comfortable lite clothing. The tour guide, I forgot his name :(, was pretty funny and quirky. Plus, the entire museum itself is one photo-opportunity after another. The museum itself is located near Old Town and it's a six dollar cab ride away from Fremont street.  The staff is courteous enough to call a taxi for you at the end of the tour if you need one.
5	I really enjoyed the Neon Museum. Not knowing much about the history of Vegas, the docent shared some interesting history about the city and its famous hotels as we walked through the graveyard of neon signs. My boyfriend lagged behind the tour group most of the time because he was busy taking lots of photos. If you don't care much about the history of Vegas, and you're really into photography, don't rush yourself to keep up.
5	A must stop for tourists or locals! Very cool and informative tour about the awesome neon signs in Vegas. It's only an hour long tour/walk in their lot with signs on the ground and propped up. Not expensive and the proceeds goto keeping/buying/repairing more used signs! Check it out
5	We saw this place on TV and would have never even known it was here otherwise.  So of  course, when we were town for our honeymoon, we had to make a little trip out to the museum.  Note:  It's very close to the Old Vegas/Fremont area.  We did not book tickets in advance, but drove up and they had openings for a tour 30 minutes later.  It's an hour tour and you get to see all Old Vegas Neon Lights and get to hear about the history of the lights/signs in the town.  My favorite signs were the Sahara Casino sign that was recently added.  They do offer discounts for military, student ID's, or NV residents.  It's a non-profit, so proceeds go back into the musuem.
4	Very good informative tour! It's all outside in the Boneyard, so bring a hat, sunscreen, and sunglasses! Also probably better to do a morning tour during the summer.
4	after 3 years of trying to get to this exhibit I finally made it. They have now opened the neon museum la concha center which doubles up as a gift shop.Get your tickets online. You can get $1 off if you are able to scan a coupon code in a flyer.The tour is a walking guided one full of history and facts. Bring a hat and water if you decide to go during midday when the sun is high. Not all the signs are on display just a hand picked popular ones. They still have a lot which is stored in an empty lot.
5	What a totally awesome tour of all the old neon signs that used to be so prominent on the Strip.  Lots of great history and stories will be told by your guide at the newly renovated museum.  There are literally hundreds of old signs that sit in this yard.  Some of my favorites:The StardustSaharaThe TI skull faceAladdins LampBinions HorseshoeThe FrontierThis is a guided tour of groups of about 10-16 people and it will take about an hour.  Don't forget to bring your camera cause this is a great place for some photos.  Although we went mid day in April, where the weather is nice, don't forget to bring a hat and sun screen.  Overall a great experience and definitely worth the $18 entry fee.
4	Had a great time...and looking forward to future visits while in town.  Excited for the night tours starting soon.
5	After visiting the Neon Museum, I wish I had a time machine to go back to the 1950's and '60's to see what old timey Las Vegas was like. No mega hotels/resorts, no football shaped drinks and no video poker in a bar. This was a time when people actually got dressed up to go to on a Vegas vacation 'cause gambling was a special occasion.Such a cool exhibit and informative tour - guides take you through a curated maze of old, rusty neon signs (you can look, but don't touch!) and provide some interesting tidbits about Vegas history. As many have mentioned, it does take an hour or so and you must be escorted with an employee... no random wandering.Plenty of photo opportunities, especially for those who love changing their social media profile pics on the regular. Though I don't think a camera phone could really do this place justice, as the signs are quite impressive and I'd rather take a mental picture to remember. And yes, this also doubles as an event space. I can only imagine how cool it looks at night with some of the working signs lit up! $18/person if you aren't a local. Worth the cost, as they're a 501(c)3 and your tour ticket is tax-deductible. Plus, it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see Vegas history.
4	Why am I being treated like a 12 year old?So my friends and I (all locals) decided to finally check out the Neon Museum..  The locals price isn't too shabby and there are a lot of cool things to see..being locals we know that the heat/sun is brutal so we went at 10:30 am.. It didn't matter, we were still  sweating and burning up.. but managed to outlast half our tour group. It is a small museum (all outdoors obviously) and you get through rather quickly...but we were extremely annoyed at our tour guide Wendy..I understand, they are volunteers..they drag you out of the large air conditioned building to give you a 10 minute monologue on how everyone that works there is a volunteer taking the time out of their busy lives to give you this tour..then they ask for donations...then they tell you how they spent $100,000 on fixing up a 'Shoe"... Listen, the neon sign are cool, but if I am going to donate my hard earned money to anyone, it will be to a just cause..like Nevada's animal sanctuaries, animal shelters, education, homeless..etc.etc.  I'm not going to give you money to fix a 'Shoe'..and why couldn't you give us this 10 minute speech INSIDE..  So finally the tour begins...It was not what I expected..Wendy moved at a snails pace telling us the history of each sign, and even diving deeper into the history of racism, and feminist...ok, that is all fine and dandy but it is 100 degrees outside, can we stick to the basics?  I think she figures out we are getting bored and hot, so she starts skipping signs..a lot of them..  So I walk back about 10 feet  to take photos of the ones she missed and she yells at me "Stay with the group!!"   First of all, I paid for this tour, don't skip shit, furthermore I am not a 12 year old on a field trip, don't yell at me.    This tour would be better with a guide who was a little more charismatic, short winded, and let you as a group take photos..I get the not wandering off..but at least let  the group walk a few steps in order to take a photo..  and don't guilt trip me into giving you money for new light bulbs... the light in my garage has been out for months, i wouldn't dare ask you to buy me a new one.
4	After you're done with the breakfast buffet and sports book in the morning, but before you hit the clubs and the bars at night, squeeze in some time to stop by this place. It makes you appreciate the history of Vegas, one neon sign at a time. If you love to take photos, this place is well worth the visit. It's mostly outdoors, so try to arrive before the hot desert sun kicks in. It would be best to visit in the non-Summer months, so you can enjoy the scenery without melting.
4	Coool place! Just wish it was more fun! I don't think thats possible but you do get to look at old vintage vegas signs and thats about it! I preordered my tickets online and showed up 30 minutes before like It had said.The tour guides are enthusiastic but call you out if you stray behind for a picture. You are escorted through the yard like children but thats understandable cause without that you'd probably try to touch and get even closer than what is safe.I'd like to see this place grow, to get them to restore a few more signs with full lights to get this place more exciting! If you have an hour to kill, why not!
4	Cute museum, with great photo ops and interesting history and trivia.Our tour guide was friendly, but it was long. You can only go as a guided tour and had to listen to every story to get to the next sign. But in the heat and with kids (ages 1 -6) it's not as fun. Almost couldn't wait to get it over with. We had to cover the strollers to shade them. Take the pics during the tour because they won't let you go back. Tour guide mentioned they are looking into doing future night tours, which would be way cooler!
4	Takes me back to 1988. Artistically placed well. Well informed tours. Guided tours only. Takes an hour long. April is a perfect time to visit. I can't even imagine doing this tour in the summer. They will have night tours soon this coming summer! That should be very very cool to see these huge signs all lit up!!You can also do photo shoot here, you just have to enquire. This is a cool place to do a photo shoot!! $16.00 admission with a guided tour.Discounts for locals and military.A great place to take a break from the strip and gambling!
4	If you frequently visit Vegas and love the town, this is the place for you. Once your trip is booked, be sure to go online and make your tour reservation for the Neon Museum. The folks here are friendly and give you a guided tour if all the old signs of Las Vegas. It is very informative and we learned a lot. They also allow you to take pictures as long as they are not for commercial use. It is a must do for all Las Vegas lovers. It is located a little North of Fremont Street on Las Vegas Blvd.
4	I don't recommend going to this museum during the summer. I just went to it last week & I was sweating head to toe by the end of it. They are planning to offer a night tour in the near future so you can look into that. If you do choose to go during the summer heat, bring an umbrella, fan, & big jug of water. If you forget any of that they have it all their for sale & rent.Whenever you go keep in mind it's only by tour. Either call or schedule it online. They only have a capacity of 6-8 on a tour. Locals, students, & seniors all get discounts so make sure you bring your IDs. The whole tour takes about 45-60 minutes. The tour guides are very knowledgeable. There is little to no shade on the tour. If you're a picture taker like me hang at the back of the tour to get pix w/o people in them. Very informative & cool. Caddy corner to the museum there is another section full of signs that have yet to be displayed. No touching or climbing on the signs for all those trying to create the super cool pix. It's worth checking out if you're a local or a tourist to mix things up.
4	I really enjoyed the Neon Museum.  Our tour guide was well-informed and friendly and the signs are so cool!  As others have mentioned there there is almost no shade and it gets very hot.  They are starting evening tours soon so I'd love to go back and do it again.
5	At long last I went to see the old signs that have been "hiding" from view.  What an incredible experience. First of all make sure you visit the park adjecent to the parking lot, there is a wealth of knowledge there.  Once you enter the visitor's center remember this was the actual La Concha office that was relocated here and what a great job they did.  The tour itself is amazing, but remember, there are many dangers lurking and your tour guide is responsible for you.  The staff wants you to enjoy yourself, take pictures and view everything, also if you have questions about signs that are not mentioned they will gladly answer them.  I went on a night tour and will definately go back for the day tour as well.
3	I think this place deserves a huge benefit of the doubt, because the idea behind it, and where it's come from, are really wonderful. What started as basically a junkyard became a transient museum with no real space, and now is a bonafide museum with its own designated space and building. I think that's wonderful and I really commend them for what they're doing; taking historical remnants from "Old" Vegas and giving them a place to age gracefully. They have only occupied their current space (in the La Concha motel lobby, moved several miles from its strip location) since October, 2012. You can get a (cheaper) day tour at 9:00, 9:30, 10:00, and 10:30 am. That's all. Why? Because it's freaking hot, that's why! Luckily, a few days before we arrived in Vegas, they began offering night tours. This is awesome because it's very tolerable in temperature. Also, they "light up" the signs, which sounds awesome. Is it awesome? Sort of. You see- they only have 4 operational signs. The rest are literally taken apart and strewn throughout the "museum" tour space, and they are "lit" with floodlights. For this opportunity to not bake in the sun, they charge and extra $10/person, on top of the already pushing-it ticket cost. When we arrived, we actually had to wait 45 minutes for our tour because they couldn't get the lights to work. Long story short they called in an engineer and we got the show on the road. Our guide was very nice, very enthusiastic, but I got the feeling we were getting maybe 1/50th the actual information available on these signs. For example, they mentioned ONE designer tied to some of these signs. What about the other designers? What about the relation to font and typeface setting? We got some backstory for a few signs but a lot of it seemed like the very tip of the iceberg and i was left wanting much, much more. The people working here are nice, but all strike me as socially awkward engineers, so take that how you will. It could be a good place for a family break in the Vegas experience, but do NOT bring your child if they will want to run around; they're pretty strict about not touching the signs (lead paint, broken lightbulbs that aren't replaced, loose wiring, etc.) and not leaving the tour group. I'd recommend coming during the day, and bringing a parasol. The nighttime fee was not worth it, IMO, unless you really want the comfort of nighttime temperature.
5	The Museum of Neon Las Vegas is amazing after is recent addition of the La Concha entrance. I was on the 9:00 pm night tour on May 31, 2013.  Sophie was our tour guide, so friendly and knowledgeable. This place is amazing at night. This is a must do for anyone who wants to look back at vintage Las Vegas. The sign collection is a tour de force !!!!!!Eric Evavold
4	Night tour was great! And FYI they do allow photography at night. It is true that only a few of the signs actually still work, but they also light up a lot of the signs with lights on the ground for extra effect. It's all still very cool.
4	Very good night tour, however with how some of the signs are lighted with other lights ruins picture opportunities.  I was worried at first thinking it was quite small, however saw and learned a lot in an hour.
4	I admit, I was a tad disappointed with the new set up of the museum/tour, but nevertheless, it is still something to behold.Honestly, I kind of liked it better when I went about 2 years ago and all the signs and letters were just strewn about.  It made it more rustic and historic looking.  Now, there is a pathway lined with rocks, but the way they have set it up hides some of the signs.  :(  Also, when they say they have "restored" the signs, I thought that meant they would be working again.  Alas, only 2 signs were actually lit up.  The rest just had uplighting spotlights on them.Despite that, these signs are cool to see.  And the history behind them is pretty fun to hear.  Do you know why Binion's horseshoe is upside down?  Well, I'm not going to tell you; you have to go on the tour to find out yourself! $22 for locals.  The price is a little steep for what it is, but I justified that by saying I was helping the community and keeping the glitzy history of Vegas alive!
5	Yes yes yes! I loved this place. It was retro-cool and for a type geek like me, I couldn't get enough of the old signage. I got some fantastic photos and enjoyed the heck out of our tour. Our tour guide was born & raised in Vegas and had deep knowledge of the city and its history. We learned all sorts of things (that I've since forgotten since returning home!) and I found it all fascinating. The signs are laid out along a path in the blazing hot sun, many signs leaning against others, so many are partially obscured. Still was very cool to see. We took the day time tour in mid-June, and at 10am it was easily 100 degrees there, and there is little to no shade, so wear a hat & sunscreen. You aren't able to tour the signs on your own, so if you want to see them, you have to take the tour. The visitor center is pretty cool too - it's in the old La Concha hotel lobby building, that was moved to its present location and restored. Old Googie (not Google) architecture is fun to look at (think "The Jetsons" and that's Googie). Go here! Get off the Strip and see bits of old Vegas.
5	The Neon museum has a shiny new entrance which was once part of a motel.  The signs are piled up higgledy-like in the back and a tour guide takes you though pointing out items of interest.  The beginning of the tour consists of a list of rules, watch out for the rocks, don't touch anything, don't wander etc - you begin to wonder if there is a Grue hiding in the boneyard - but the actual tour is relaxed, as you have to be when it's OMG hot outside.  Our guide was knowledgable about the history of Las Vegas and the stories of some of the signs, and she gave a great tour.  Tours are offered in the morning and evening, you should book ahead to be sure of a place.  Also even if you are on a morning tour you should be sure to have water and sunscreen.It would be good to see more of the signs themselves restored but I guess there is only so much time and money.
4	What a cool place.  Less then 10 minutes from downtown.   We did the 7:30 tour, it was perfect timing the sun was setting through tour.  It was great for lighting and pictures.  They really put the clamp down on the Photogs, no tripods, only one lens and they want you to stay in a group.  Its too bad because this place is a photogs dream.  Never the less you can take some great photos here and well worth the price of admission.  A really great piece of Vegas history and a must see for a vegas fan.
4	Old Las Vegas signs have a home! Great place to get some of Las Vegas' history. Our guide was super informative, and very easy going. My friend and I went to the 9:30AM tour, and it was burning hot already in late July. There aren't too many areas of shade to be protected from the scorching sun, so bring a hat, water, and don't forget your sun block unless you want silly tan lines. I believe they also have an evening tour for those who like twilight hours better =)
5	I took SOOO many photos at this museum! And it's totally worth the extra $7 to go on the night tour. Most of the signs are [obviously] not in working order, but they have spotlights that flash on and off, making it seem as though a few of the signs are on. Pretty cool. :)Everyone at the museum is so nice! And they offer you bottles of water for a buck during the tour. If you go in the summer you might need one!Something I didn't realize: They only do [45 min] tours in the morning and evening at certain times - make sure you book in advance. My sister and I walked there from Fremont st [about a 15-20 min walk through a not-so-great area] and discovered the scheduled tour bit - oops! They were super nice, though, and said they could call us a cab. We declined since it was still early in the day, but later that night we accepted the cab because we did *not* want to get mugged trying to walk back to Fremont street at night. Like I said, kinda sketch area. Only slightly, though!
4	After hearing so much about the Neon Museum and how long it took to put everything together, it was on my checklist of things to see.I figured I would pay the couple dollar premium for the night tour, since that's what signs are famous for... when they lite up!They are very strict on keeping up with the group and not wandering around, which I guess I understand since the collection is worth a lot of money.  Our tour guide was very friendly and knowledgeable and made a few smart jokes along the way (tips on how to make a neon sign look bigger, etc...)Let me warn you, if you expect to walk into the bone yard with the image of signs flashing and blinding you like a carnival, you will be disappointed.  Out of several signs, only 4 of them are working and according to the tour guide, it costs about 100k to get them up and running.Overall though its awesome to see slices of old Vegas (The Treasure Island skull, Stardust, Sahara) and I'm sure over time the museum will just keep getting better and better!
5	Perfect experience. This is a place good for people of all ages! It does get quite warm in the summer so you can always opt for the night tour when they light up the signs. You not only get to see a part of old Vegas but you also get to hear amazing stories of the past and what made Vegas what it is today (which is only a sliver of the goodness of old times...)Sara is an amazing tour guide who shares personal stories about her childhood that make the tour that much better. Love all the old signs and the stories that come along with it! Take lots if pictures, reminisce on old times, and drink lots of water!
4	What a treat! We took our 6 year old and our 9 year old and they loved it. Do the early morning tour to beat the heat, but it was super fun. Be sure to hit the strip at night to search out all the restored signs that have been put back into action. Great way to remind the kids of what Vegas has been through, and where it came from!
5	Las Vegas Blvd. & BonanzaFounded in 1996 this awesome place features over 6 acres of neon signs from Las Vegas businesses dating back to the 30s!When going to Vegas you simply must visit the Neon Museum.... there's no actual charge, but at least a $15 donation is highly recommended which is used primarily on the upkeep of this great place. I'm so happy that someone thought of this so I can get a small peak into the Vegas of days goneby.The main lobby is found in the beautifully restored La Concha Hotel Lobby.All the signs sit neatly on gravel, but the really nice tour guide will warn everyone to always watch their step. You're going to want to wear comfortable shoes when coming here as none of the walk areas have been paved.This place actually goes by a couple of names, but the main reason for visiting is still the same. That's to check out all the cool neon signs of yesteryear. These signs are not limited to hotels, but also come from other types of businesses as well.I'd say their flagship sign would be the Neon Silver Slipper which weighs in at a cool 2 TONS! This beautiful piece comes from the Silver Slipper Casino.They also have many other really cool and colorful signs as well.It is is the desert so it is hot and bright... The really nice Non-Profit agency that owns this venue does have umbrellas and drinks available and donations are requested for these.Photographs are encouraged so don't forget your camera to help enjoy this experience.This is one place that definitely proves there is more to Vegas than just gambling and drinking providing an experience that is fun for the whole family.
4	Got to the tour a few minutes late but staff was super friendly and accommodating in catching us up to the group.We went at night, while I did hope more signs would be operational and restored, it was fun and definitely a "Vegas" experience. Got lots of cool photos that I plan on framing.
5	Absolutely great tour...informative, interesting and well presented!  I thoroughly enjoyed seeing all of the historic neon signs that used to hang in Las Vegas.  We took the day tour this morning and I look forward to going back for a night tour next time to get a different perspective.  This is a must do activity when visiting Las Vegas!
3	Great place to learn about some of the history of Vegas-Great photo opsGreat staffSuper hot as most of the tour is in direct sunCall ahead to make sure the weather hasn't stopped tours- winds over 25 mph and they can't take you out.They're looking to expand, so I'm sure it'll be even better in the coming months/ years.
4	We came here to see a bit of Las Vegas history.  They offer a military discount for tickets so that was nice.  They have organized tours that take about 45 minutes and are very informative regarding local history and how some of these signs played into that.  Las Vegas has a very interesting history regarding all of the neon signs, which have mostly gone away.  It was a little disappointing that not many are restored and working but they are very expensive to get back into working order.  Thankfully, someone has decided that this is history worth saving.  I recommend this tour.  Come early or late during the hot part of the year as this is an outdoor tour and it will get hot.
5	I don't know why I dragged my feet deciding to go here but it actually turned out to be a fascinating place to visit.We ended up going at night when the signs are either turned on (if they've been restored) or they are lit with spotlights. The signs are in various states of repair but photographically speaking, provide a lot of great material. Because the signs are kept outside they tend to be rusted and worn out looking - all the better as far as I'm concerned. I would like to return during daylight hours for a different perspective.Docents accompany you during your tour and provide good historical information about the signs.
3	I really debated on whether to take the night tour or the day tour. We opted for the night tour because it is the Neon Museum. While it was a fantastic tour, only four of the signs were lit up. I was hoping for more glowing signs. The history of the neon signs and the front entrance building are really cool. Next time, I am going to opt for the day tour. I think you get a better view of the signs. The content of the day and night tours are the same.
4	It is a must visit place for all Vegas visitors! At least for once in your life! The museum is just a boneyard and small gift shop. You can only get in the boneyard with a guided tour. Reservation ahead of time will guarantee your spot. If not, you can still probably join a tour when you get there. The tour is about 1 hour long. Day tour is $18 per person ($12 for Neveda resident). Night tour is $25 per person ($22 for Neveda resident). Even though it is a boneyard, things are well lay out and thought through. The tour guide explained everything to us really well. We definitely learned a few things about vegas. It is a great place to take nice pictures too. We really enjoyed our visit. Before you go, 3 things to remember: 1. Don't go on a hot day! There is no shade in the boneyard. We went there at 11:30am. The temp was about 80F and there was cool wind every once a while. It was no Vegas summer weather, but it was still hot!2. Bring water with you. Standing under the sun for an hour will make you thirsty! 3. Don't bring kids. There is no reason to bring kids there. Most kids are not interested in Vegas history. And there are tons of broken signs and lightbulbs. It is just not safe for kids. I highly recommended this museum for any visitors (except kids). Afterall, Vegas is all about casino and hotel. Nothing can better represents the history of Vegas than these neon signs!
3	The Neon Museum is located on North Las Vegas Boulevard just past the 95 before Cashman Field.  It was easy to find and there is a parking lot especially for the museum. We had purchased a package deal with the Mob Museum, so $30 for both.  The Mob Museum booked our guided tour at the time that we purchased our package deal.  Being a local, I saved about $2 on the package deal and my family saved almost $8 a person.  Upon checking in for our tour, the receptionist wasn't able to find our reservation.  This must happen quite a bit as she gave us the receipt with the order number just in case they can't find you by your last name.  Thankfully we held onto the receipt. We arrived about 10 mins before our tour started.  We asked for the restrooms and were told they are outside and that we need to be taken there as it is in the boneyard itself, which was fine.The lobby area was pretty small and the options for souvenirs were slim. Postcards were almost $2 a piece.  I understand that this is a non-profit but that price is ridiculous for a post card.  My parents would have bought one of each if they didn't cost that much.  Although I thought it was cool that they offered misters and drinking bottles for those that were going on the tour in the heart of the summer and didn't realize that tour was outdoors.  We were gathered for our tour and we were given history on the building and then guided into the boneyard.  There was less than 20 people allowed on the tour which was manageable for the tour guide.  I wouldn't think that this would be a tour for young children.  The tour guide was knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  The park across the street that display's their sign was nice and would be a great place for a picnic lunch before or after a tour.They really need a bigger location to display more signs. I found the tour interesting and I don't see myself coming very often but maybe every few years as the display's change.
4	Just a cool funky place to get some old Vegas vibes and unique history easy to get to by way of monorail then the SDX to Fremont street then go to the gold nugget for a $7-$12 cab ride.  Combine with the Mob Museum and get discount.  Mob is very interesting also.  Vegas baby
5	THIS PLACE IS SO COOL!!! If you are in Vegas, sober up and make the 15 minute drive to  take the tour! They are just turning a year old this month and are now open 7 days a week without an appointment! Yay! They have a cool visitor center that was the original building of the La Concha hotel and behind that lies the 45 minute tour of all the old neon signs from the "good ole days". Our tour guide was very friendly and very knowledgeable. We went around 11am which I think was ideal as it wasn't too hot and our group was small (the group after us at noon was like 20 people which would not have been fun). They have arranged all the old signage through a twisty walkway that the tour guide takes you through and tells you all the history of the signs and how they came to be in vegas and why they no longer exist. You can take as many pictures as you want and ask any questions you want! They are continuing to renovate signs and add them to the collection so hopefully the tour will only grow and get even better! The signs are super expensive to light back up though so they only have a few working ones but it sounds like they are hoping to do more as they get more established. If you want to reminisce about vegas and the glitz and glamour of the neon lights, this is where to do it. They have old signage from the golden nugget, sahara, binions, caesars tropicana and so many more! Bring your sunscreen and wear light clothes as it does get hot standing out in the sun! Definitely worth the trip though and makes for some really cool memories!
1	Had a tour at the Neon while visiting in Las Vegas. I have to give a short a+ to the museum itself! very fun to see the old signs of the past.  We went at night so we could see them under lights, it was great! What was not so great was our tour guide.  Many of our group had our camera's and were told it was alright to take as many picture as we wanted.  The problem was the tour guide would not give us enough time to take pictures. He would keep saying things like "if you people at the end would get up with the rest of us, we can continue !" or "People, I can't allow you to linger behind the rest, we have to stay together".  There was an employee at the end of our group, so no one could get lost.  I understand they only give an hour for the tour, so make the tours a bit longer!!   Many of our group were not happy.  $50 was a bit much to pay for this much grief and being treated like grade school children.
4	This place was amazing, and had some great photo ops. You really got a feel of old Las Vegas and the size of these pieces. The tour guide was very informative and they are all volunteers. This is a must see! Bring: Bottle of water, a camera, and a tip for the volunteer!
5	Oh, Neon Boneyard...my most FAVORITE place in Vegas. This is my go-to tourist attraction to bring my out of town guests. I started going here before they had a parking lot and visitor center. This is a truly amazing part of Vegas history. The amount of money, time, and care that has been taken to preserve these signs is incredible. The tour staff are all volunteer and they are very knowledgeable about the history of Vegas casinos and culture. The new visitors center is great! They have a gift shop, and some very cool interactive exhibits you can explore. I'm so glad this is finally opened. The tour is the perfect amount of time as well: approx 1 hr is just enough to walk through, get some history, and take some very memorable photos. You won't get photos like this anywhere else in Vegas. GO SEE THIS AT NIGHT! A few of the signs are actually lit up, and it makes for some really amazing pictures.
4	Very cool place! Lots of Vegas history in neon. We took the night tour, and were a bit disappointed that more of the signs were not in working order.I know neon restoration is expensive, and the signs that were lit are really spectacular. If I do the tour again I hope they have funds enough to restore more of them. All in all worth seeing!
4	Such a neat place.  They have accumulated old neon signs and are attempting to restore some of them and put them back out on the streets.  Seeing actual old signage from the Stardust, Moulin Rouge, and the Sahara gave me chills!Our tour guide was very knowledgeable about the signs, and the history of Las Vegas.  I especially enjoyed how the signs were grouped by theme along a winding pathway - it wasn't just a heap of broken down parts that we stood in front of.  Plenty of great photo opportunities, and a great way to get a feel of old Vegas.  Highly recommend.Final note:  Our group got discount tickets by buying the Mob Museum & Neon Museum tickets at the same time, and since were planning on doing both, it was worth it.
5	I finally got to seeThis museum after darkKeep driving til you see the shoeAnd that's your final mark. There's tons of spots to parkIf you drive into the rearShow your local or school ID;Discounts are given here!The only way to see this placeIs on a guided tour.It lasts about an hour But you'll end up wanting more. Our guide knew quite a lot Of history of the city And let us take some pictures Of lights that were too pretty.It was hard to pay attentionThough the stories were real greatThe signs and lights distract youThere is nothing here to hate!I highly recommendGoing here some dayIn the morning or at nightis fun in it's own way!
5	GPS got me lost.  Solution: Cashman Field....it's right next to it.Staff was very knowledgable of Las Vegas neon sign history. Our tour guide was detailed and well versed on the various neon signs.The rules are pretty strict so be sure not to break any of them (they will ask you to leave) however I completely understand why the rules are in place.
5	This place is super cool!  You can see it after dark, when they light up the signs (a few actually work).  I had a great time.  Ian, our tour guide was super informative and it was really fascinating seeing all the signs.  It is a walking tour and the groups are small so it is pretty cool.  They have discounts but hey, this place is non profit!  I think they have a special where you get a deal when you buy tickets for the Mob museum (only a handful of blocks away).
5	Very very cool. A must-see in Vegas! Come on... add some culture and history to your trip to sin city! Our docent was entertaining and extremely knowledgeable.We did a daytime tour during the summer and it was really hot. Hope to do o an evening tour next time.
4	I came here with my little godson and cousins for the free holiday ornament-making event on a recent Saturday afternoon.  I can't believe it's taken me so long to visit this local, unique Las Vegas gem.  The ornament-making actually took place outside at the Neon Boneyard park, across the street from the museum.  There were staff from the Neon Museum on hand to show us how to make the paper ornaments, as well as provide all the supplies:  paper, glue, glitter, stickers, markers.  The kids and adults had fun being crafty together.  With the event starting at 3:00pm, we hung out and socialized until 5:00pm, when we were allowed free entry into the Neon Museum for complimentary hot chocolate and listen to Christmas carols sung by a group of students from Las Vegas Academy.  Part of the Neon Museum was open as well, so we were able to walk around and see some of the signs lit up at night (see pictures).  It was an excellent opportunity to see some of the site and introduce my cousins to the museum, too.  We all want to come back soon for the night tour, $25 regular price, $22 for locals and students, free for kids 6 and under.  I hope they have this event next Christmas!
4	Definitely worth a look if you are in the Vegas area.  This museum is one of the newer editions to the area and is a re-vamp of "The Boneyard" collection.You can only go through this museum with a tour guide, and it lasts about 50 minutes from start to finish.  The guide will inform you of the details of many of the more well-known pieces on site. Our guide was very knowledgable and despite the cold weather the night we were there, she kept us interested throughout.It's about a 15 minute drive from the strip, so you'll need to take your car or a cab, but it's worth it if you have the time!Overall: AGreat to see a really unique collection of Vegas history.
5	For a city that likes to tears down everything old, the Neon Museum is a treasure trove of neon signs from the glory days of the old Las Vegas.  The daytime tour costs $18, last one hour, and is led by a tour guide who shared fascinating stories about the good old days.  For a couple bucks more, there's a evening tour, but only a few of the signs are actually resorted and lit up, so you may have better visibility and photo ops during the day.  Overall this was a highlight of my trip.
4	Holy moley this place is totally worth a visit while you are in Vegas! It's a bit off of the beaten path. Not too far from the old strip. You definitely won't miss it... they have a huge neon sign in the median of the road in front of it. Just make sure you schedule a cab to pick you back up (if you don't have a car there) as it is pretty difficult to hitch a cab where this place is located.Okay so besides the signs being absolutely beautiful, the history of this place alone is enough to take a stroll through. I'm not even into history and I absolutely loved this place. They even allow photographers to come in and take family or wedding pictures. Nothing says I love you more than a neon graveyard wedding picture :)Only qualm with this place is the tour guide. While he was extremely knowledgeable on the signs and bad puns, he wasn't too trusting of the people. If you were trying to get a  picture with some people and weren't keeping up with him on his tour, he was a bit snippy and made you hurry to catch up. There were a lot of cool signs he didn't go over and I wanted to take pictures of. Just wish he trusted people more. Maybe they've had bad experiences with that in the past. Not sure.
3	Gold and girls aren't the only things that glitter in Las Vegas ... So do the streets with neon. When the glitter and neon fades, this museum's Neon Boneyard is where the neon goes to lie.The Neon Museum is located about 15-20 minutes north of the "strip" on Las Vegas Blvd North. It's not in the best part of town, but we had no problems there at all. * Book a tour in advance. We showed up without it and had to come back * A Guided Tour is required. * Day tours: $18/Adult; $12/student, military, senior, or NV resident * Night tours: $25/Adult; $22/others * Buy a combo ticket with the Mob Museum for $30 (good for 7 days) * Open 7 days a week * Day and Night Tours are available; Check the website for times * A small free parking lot is available on McWilliams, but was full both times we went * The tours are recommended for only ages 10 (day) or 12 (night) and up * The Neon Boneyard is outdoors. Plan accordingly for Nevada weather * Old Neon Signs are the stars like Frontier, Binion's, Alladdin, & Golden Nugget * Guides give the background and history which really makes it interesting * Photos are allowed * Look for the Silver Slipper in the divider of Las Vegas Blvd. to know when you've arrived.The Neon Museum is an ok opportunity to get out of the casinos and see some of the historic signage of Las Vegas while learning a great deal about the history of Sin City.
4	Many moons ago the Neon Museum was not really open to the public in the formalized way it is now. I had seen it in a number of photo shoots from the 90s/00s (Cameron Diaz in Vanity Fair comes to mind) so I had always been intrigued and wanted to go here. You need to make reservations online-I would suggest it that way you can pick the time you want and show up-otherwise you might have to return.Some people on our tour seemed a tad put out that they could not just run amok out where the signs are but there is metal, glass an neon out there. Las Vegas has  a lot of history and that history is changing and the signs are evidence of that. We came during the day but I would love to see the Silver Slipper lit up at night.
5	In a city of bright lights, where does all the good neon go to die?  The neon boneyard gives the old marquees a second life.  It's in a neighborhood not too far from the old strip. I set up a private photo shoot here for portfolio work. They are available Monday through Friday from 9-5.  Pricing is determined based on what you plan to do with the images.  It's a non-profit organization so the fees go towards the museum.   You can either call or fill out the form online and someone will contact you.You are allowed to bring additional props or chairs.  Remember just like any other museum you go to, your not allowed to touch the collection.  That means no sitting, leaning or standing on the neon.  Only the assigned photographer is allowed to shoot.  Small children and pets are not allowed for shoots without prior approval from staff.They were easy to work with.  They do watch you like a hawk so you don't break the rules.  It's a great place for engagement/wedding shoots.  They also have tours and you are allowed to take pictures for your personal use but no additional equipment is allowed (tripods, etc.).
5	I had an awesome time at Neon Museum. Definitely book ahead of time because their tour times get filled quickly. Anyone that loves photography and history should check it out. It's a photographer's paradise!
5	The Neon Museum is great for tourists like me hoping to learn some interesting Vegas history and get some nice photos as the same time. Their photo policy is strict (no wandering, one camera and lens per person), but I got some good snaps in there. It was all over within an hour, which was just right for the size of the exhibit. Hard to get to without a car or cab, but worth it!
5	Hands down the coolest thing we did on our most recent Vegas trip! Absolutely worth getting a rental car and making a special trip. The tour itself takes an hour and winds through the junkyard trail of long lost neon Vegas signs. Our docent was full of information about old Vegas, how the signs got to the museum, the history of the hotels they came from, the current status of the hotel, etc. The price is more than reasonable and goes toward a good cause. You can buy the Neon Museum/Mob Museum combo ticket too if you're into that (we did that but I was less than impressed with the Mob Museum). A must do! Highly recommended!
4	It's pretty cool to look around and guess where each sign came from.  It's kind of like seeing your favorite Vegas movie props/scenes...right in front of you!  I went early in the morning but wish that I had gone at night for the following reasons:1. Even at 9AM in the fall, the Las Vegas sunlight reflects off of the collection of metal signs generating a lot of heat2. Wear sunscreen and bring an umbrella! You may also rent their umbrellas for $3. Do it, it'll make your outdoor experience more enjoyable!3. The night tours allow you to see the signs lit up...which brings the whole museum to life. It costs a little more, but it's worth it.Las Vegas Locals get a discount, but you must show your NV I.D. One discount per ID!
5	Such a cool attraction in Las Vegas. I am fascinated by the history of Vegas and what it was like in the mid-20th century. This museum and the Neon Boneyard give a fascinating glimpse into tinsel town of yore. The tours are only available by reservation with a docent, and our docent was excellent...full of fascinating information and good spirits. The Neon Boneyard is a photographer's dream. The tours only last an hour, but I could spend a whole day there! Highly recommend.
5	By far the coolest thing we've done in Vegas. We took one of the evening tours and were able to see some of the signs lit up in all of their glory. It's a great way to learn about the city's history as well as to see some great (once) functional art. If you're in Vegas, you shouldn't miss it.
2	The cost ($25 per person) is too much when they cram 20 people into 1 tour.  I really wanted to take cool photos; but it was difficult with so many people standing around the cramped "trail" of unlit signs, and you can't go around on your own.  Yes...the signs are unlit!  I thought the night tour of NEON signs would be cooler but since the signs are unlit-don't bother with going at night.  It was also annoying that the tour "started" and then we stopped after the first sign to wait for "anyone who needs to use the bathroom should do it now".  They should have people use the bathroom before the hour long tour even starts.  The concept is cool-and I'm glad this place exists-but I would recommend that management limits the tour number to max 10-12 people.
4	My awesome girlfriend found this tour. I had heard about this place and even seen it in a few movies and TV shows but I didn't know regular people could take tours. About a year ago they installed LED lights so they could do night tours. It was really cool.If you do a night tour during the colder months don't forget a jacket. It gets cold out there.It was very interesting. Not just seeing the signs but all of the history behind them. There were not too many people on our tour on a Saturday night but there were more people at the museum then I expected there to be. It is nice to know that people know about this place and that they are doing ok.The main lobby is the lobby of an old hotel. The people who owned the hotel didn't just want to tear it down when it went out of business so they gave it to the museum and the moved it down to their location. It is very nice. Retro but not run down and dirty. They have different gifts items on sale and displayed around the lobby. Plus these two motion activated screens that when you stood in front of and moved your hand over the different categories on screen it gave you little snippets of history about Vegas.I guess the history of the town is one thing you don't really think about when you come here. Plus it seems like the town is pretty good about getting rid of it's old historic places for the new and improved. It is all about the latest and greatest. Got to keep people coming back and spending money. History be damned.I didn't know it cost about $10,000 to restore just a small sign. So it is no wonder most of them are not lit up but the LED lights do a good job of lighting them up enough so you can see them. These are huge signs meant to be able to be seen from even far away. So I think even if they were all restored and lit up like they were originally you would go blind walking around right in front of them. They do have a few of them restored and lit up but most of them that they restore they put back out in street for the public to enjoy.This is a cool tour. I would recommend it to others for sure. I especially like all of the history behind the signs. It is a different thing to do in Vegas.
5	I loved this place!  By far my favorite thing I experienced in Vegas. I would recommend to all. I would have loved to explore and look on my own for picture opportunities but it was wonderful. So happy I added this to my to-do list. Note : if you need a ride back make sure you schedule that with the taxi driver who takes you. Waited a long time for a cab who would fit 5. That's on the can companies though, not the museum. I would be happy to go back here!  So much history!
2	Had high hopes for this tour but left feeling a little disappointed.It's fantastic to see all the signs but the tour is run too much like a military operation.  Fair play - they cannot let you wander around the place on your own as the signs have sharp metal edges and there's lead paint and broken glass on them (lots of hazards!), but the way it was run felt like kindergarten being coddled around the boneyard.  At one point near the end of the tour someone went to the restroom and the tour guide told the rest of us "you're not supposed to do that, you need an escort to leave the group"...having given no instructions about restrooms.  It was really jobs-worth.  Maybe we just got a jobs-worth tour guide and others are better?I'm a really down-to-earth guy and I loved seeing all the old signs, but hey guys you need to cut loose a bit more on this.  Make it interactive, not a monologue by your tour guides.  Loved seeing the signs but was also a little pleased to leave...and it was a shame to feel that way.
5	This was one of the coolest things I have ever done in Vegas. I have been going to Vegas at least once a year since I was about 7 years old. So I remember many of these signs. It was so neat to see them all in one place and that this exists. The tour guide was great. She really knew her stuff and gave you a lot of information on all the signs. The tour takes about 1 hour and was really fascinating. She had great stories about the people behind the signs and I learned a lot! When you get sick o the food and smoke and slots, head down to the museum and get a little history! They are restoring smaller signs and putting them back in the community for everyone to enjoy. I thought this was great. There are day and night tours but it was way cooler at night! There are restrooms and a small gift shop with some great books on Vegas. They have really old signs and newer signs like Treasure Island's old pirate sign. So even if you haven't been going to Vegas as long as I have, you will see some signs you might recognize.
5	Guy is an amazing tour guide! We had so much fun on our night tour of the Neon Museum. Guy gave a fun and very educational tour, I can't wait to go back and see it during the day. I highly recommend this tour for anyone interested in Las Vegas history.
5	Great place!  The staff were friendly and helpful and knowledgeable as well as welcoming.  It was easy to find and has a great atmosphere!Very neat collection of historical signage from Vegas' days gone by.  The tour included plenty of histroy as well as explanations of where each item came from. I loved their gift shop as well - great prices and nice quality items for sale.  Got myself a shirt and a postcard!  Took lots of pictures and had a fantastic time.  I highly recommend this to everyone who has an hour to kill in Las Vegas!
5	It was my third trip to Vegas in as many years and I was looking for something different to do.  The Strip was all starting to blend together and the casinos looked the same.   I was really happy to find this gem and its quirkiness made it all the better.  We learned a lot from our very knowledgeable guide and I was able to get some great photos.  If you want to learn a bit of Las Vegas history in between rounds of poker, then I highly recommend a visit to the Neon Museum.
5	Great place to check out! One of the cool things to do in Vegas that doesn't involve gambling. They don't have a lot of neon in the boneyard that are functioning, but it's still awesome to see. They restore old neon signs and display them throughout old Las Vegas. Some of the casinos I had never even heard of before, like Sassy Sally's. They have current signs too, like the Sahara, Stardust & Frontier that were all just recently removed. My only advice is that I wouldn't bother with the night tour. It's more money and there are only about 4 neon signs that are lit up, everything else has a light shining on it. You can see them better during the daytime & still get the same effect.
5	My fiancee and I decided to visit here since there was a special if you visit the Mob Museum and the Neon Museum. The place wasn't as big as thought it would be, BUT there is some serious history here. The signs are kind of arranged in chronological order. The place is kind of strict when it comes to cameras and video cameras, kinda weird since it's a museum.The tour is guided and the tour guides are very well versed with Vegas history. As the tour progresses, the tour guide will give a little lecture on the history of several signs. For you photographers out there, I would recommend a wide angle lens as there isn't much room in certain places to step back and get that shot you're looking for.Great place to visit to see some old Vegas history. It's was amazing seeing just how large the sign for Stardust was, even though it's in 9 different pieces.
4	A bit of a late review - I was here in mid 2012 - but better late than never!What a fun tour! I did an mid morning tour and it was fun, fun fun. Some of the signs they restored are showcased in the median on LV Blvd North...those were pleasant to see. The guides were engaged and informative. I'll be back in Vegas next month so I'm planning on doing this again...I've love to check out the new lobby which was the La Concha hotel (when I was here, they were about 75 - 80% done with the restoration).
4	A delightful little gem of a museum, that I'm guessing most visitors to Vegas would overlook.  And when I say little, I mean little.  If you weren't on a tour, you'd be done with the place in, oh, 15 minutes tops.  Much less if you don't even care about old, run down signs.Unless you're a photographer, then it's much more fun.  Very glad I had the chance to check it out, though I wonder if it's enough of a draw to pull people away from the casinos and showgirls. . .
4	This place was super cool. Not being from Las Vegas, it was really neat to hear some of the local back stories about the city and it's legendary neon signs. Our tour guide was knowledgeable and did her best to keep the narrative entertaining, despite the people on the tour with me not being too interactive. The only thing I can think to criticize is that it is an outdoor tour but there isn't any shade. I went in February and it was still plenty warm in the sun- I can only imagine how hot it will get during the summer months.
4	Be warned there are assigned tours/tour times. You cant just tour the area on your own, but at least you get a nice little story about the signs available in their collection.Go during the day if its cool out, but id stay away if it is sunny and hot cause the whole thing is outdoor and has limited shading. I cant really comment about the night time experience but many reviews suggested not to due to the fact that only a few are actually lit up in neon while the bulk is shined upon by other forms of lighting.The place itself is a must see for all of those who have already experienced the rest of touristy spots vegas offers.
5	Although I have been to Las Vegas a dozen times, I have rarely strayed from the chaos of The Strip. Feeling like branching out during my recent trip, I had a small window of time when I first arrived, so I decided to stretch my legs in the dustier parts of "The Meadow". Called "The Boneyard", this museum started as a large lot of signage and discard to now being a nicely managed space of well-known Vegas memories.Some tips: you should absolutely buy tickets ahead of time because they sell out quickly on the weekends. The docent-driven tour is about an hour long and gives a thorough detail of several signs while providing some insight into Las Vegas history. At $18 a ticket, the cost is worth it to learn a lot about something in LV other than The Bellagio Fountain. There are day and night tours, but if you take the day tour, you should also buy an umbrella to use- even in March. Seriously. It is quite hot.Be sure to check out the photos before going and remember to take your own. Enjoy!
4	This museum is located just about a mile away from Fremont Street in Old Town Vegas. I say it is definitely worth the visit, just try to keep your doors locked as you definitely pass through an interesting part of town.We called ahead to get the low down on how this worked, and it seems like you always have to do a guided tour, not a place you just show up and walk around. The tour runs every 30 minutes and lasts about an hour. Day tours are $18 (students get discounts) and night tours are $25 (I believe only about 5 of the displays actually light up though).The tour guides you through their "boneyard" and gives you lots of history of the signs and Vegas back in the day. It was extremely informative and our guide was quirky and fun. For us, on a Sunday after Vegas and the afternoon warming temperatures, the tour was a bit long and we really just wanted to see the signs. I recommend picking an early time so the sun isn't too hot on you as there is really zero shade the whole tour.Check it out and get some fun pics while you learn a bit of Vegas history.
4	One-of-a-kind, so if you're even remotely interested in Vegas history or gaudy signage, you really ought to go.  As everyone says below, it's a guided tour, but it never feels rushed.  Plus, the affable and knoweldgeable guide gave ample time for picture taking at various points.  Day tours are unshaded.  Night tours are more expensive, and as of February '14 only five signs or so light up; I'd imagined more, so swallow that bitter pill now.  It's also worth knowing that, despite what the website suggests, you can drop in and take your chances that there will be space for you.  Unless I misunderstood, one clerk told me that the museum puts aside a few spots on every tour for walk-ins.  Even if that's true though, reserve if possible - I witnessed ten foreign tourists shuffle away glumly when they couldn't all hop aboard the next two departures.  (And speaking of foot traffic, the museum is on a sparse stretch between a convenience store and a public library, both magnets for the most homeless I've ever seen off skid row.  I've walked to and from both a few times, but it's a grim slog that won't leave you feeling protected.)  Finally, do check out the museum gift shop; awesome merch that goes toward keeping this great site open.
5	First time in Las Vegas and I was able to pass by and check out the neon boneyard. This place is awesome, they allow you to take pictures of the great neon signs and get information on their history and what they were used for and for which business'. I would visit again. Just a tip: during the hotter months bring water and sun screen. There are not many places for shade on the tour, it's very easy to get a sun burn.
5	This place is amazing ! Whether you're a history buff or not this place is a "must see"!!! So interesting to see Remains of the Golden Days of Vegas!
1	Do not go to this venue at night unless you have a reservation, otherwise you will be wasting an expensive cab fare. They are very inflexible about adding late comers and can only accommodate 20 max per tour.  Even though the website says they recommend reservations, they should probably just require them in advance to save everyone the headache.
1	Very disappointed.  We drove all the way there today. There was a sign said closed ?? Nothing said on their website!!! They had about 15 people and they closed at 4:30 to take only 15 people in. I don't understand why they wouldn't let more people walk thru. Big let down today. Prolly won't go back for several months Cuz I'm really busy :\ but I'm calling first this time to see if they are going to close again!!!! Lol
5	The wife found this place somehow and was desperate for us to check it out on our next visit to Vegas. I was a little hesitant but the Neon Museum was a home run in my book. They are basically a historical museum on neon signs and general Las Vegas history. We had a little mix up with our tickets as a friend was joining us to do the tour but they were accommodating for us and all was made alright. I think that we planned everything just right as we got there at dusk and by the time our tour started, the old signs were coming back to life. It was really cool seeing all the old sign in various forms of repair. The cost of refurbishing a neon sign is significant so that it will be a long time before they can all be returned to their original glory. Our tour guide was enthusiastic and very knowledgeable on all things neon and Las Vegas. It is out of the way, and a little pricy but I would return if we were visiting Vegas with people that had never been before. It's easy to combine it with visiting old Vegas and other things in the area.
5	While looking for photography locations in Las Vegas, I found out about the Neon Museum and I knew I had to see it. It is a non-profit organization that collects and restores Las Vegas iconic neon signs. It has a visitors center (which used to be La Concha Motel) and a big outdoor exhibition space known as the Boneyard. It is located a bit away from the city's main sights and casinos, north of Downtown, a 5-10 minute walk from Fremont Street (or 2-minute taxi ride). If you want to visit, you must book your guided visit on their website. In the warmer months, it can be challenging to visit in the warmest hours so plan your visit to be either early in the morning or for the new evening tours. Keep in mind that you are not allowed to bring bulky bags or camera equipment other than your personal camera with one lens (no tripods, extra lenses, etc.), since you would have to reserve and pay a lot more for a photography shooting. At the visitors center they have water and sun lotion for sale in case you forget yours, like I did, and also some sourvenirs and books with history about the city and the signs.The guides are great, they really know the signs and the history of Las Vegas, I can't think of a better way to learn about the city's history and spend a couple of hours enjoying the sunlight before getting back to the casinos.
4	This was a pretty adorable little tour.  My mother wanted to go so I went with her.  I wasn't expecting much and I was honestly expecting to maybe be bused out to an actual junkyard but the site was pretty small and I enjoyed the tour.I don't usually take tours led by guides but I found this tour informative and it felt good to support a non-profit that just wants to keep history alive and share the knowledge they have.The tour guide was lovely and the tour lasted about an hour.  We saw many signs despite the yard being small.  I took the tour at night and I feel it would be a mistake to take it in the day time.  At night the tour had a little eerie vibe and the signs remind you more of the old days from whence they came.My favorite sign was the tall man with the pool cue, simply because I was not expecting him and his form was rather large and a bit crazy.You can easily avoid this tour and go to freemont street if you just want to see old signs but this museum fixes up the old signs and keeps them alive, so why not donate a little by taking the tour and seeing the coveted signs while having their history explained?I had already been to freemont street so I found this tour amusing and different.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect when I found out we had to take the guided tour but afterwards I'm so thankful we did! Ian was our tour guide and he did an AMAZING job! He was so excited about everything he was telling us and his knowledge on the history of Vegas and the signs made for a great experience. He was also very attentive to some of the older visitors pointing out shaded areas and seating for them along the walking tour which I reAlly appreciated. I absolutely loved this experience and would recommend it to my friends who are visiting Las Vegas. Great job Ian!
5	you have to see this place. I've driven from LA twice now, just for a day trip. it's the best thing in Vegas in my humble opinion. it's an hour long, which isn't long enough. with so much good stuff to look at, photograph and learn about, you'll be sad when you realize time is up. so done take the u shape loop for granted. you'll be through it before it's too late. afterwards my gf an I had a great, healthy lunch at Rachel's kitchen down the street. check them out too!
5	Awesome.  Check it out if you have any interest in Vegas or history or casinos or getting out of the casinos for an hour or two or just having some good photo opportunities.
5	Even though this would pretty much be a one and done for anyone living in Las Vegas, I highly recommend checking out the Neon Museum.  Having the lights on definitely added awesome effect to the signs for the 7:30pm tour.  My wife and I both agreed this was much better to see at night.Our tour guide, April, was chockful of great information.  She really enhanced what would have been a 10-15 minute walkthrough sans guide to an hour tour full of history and fun stories.  That alone made it well worth the locals admission of $22.  Some of my favorite signs included Sassy Sally's, the humungous Treasure Island skull, the H tile board of the Horseshoe and the creepy at night looking Jackpot Motel sign.
5	If you're in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and venture away from The Strip and discover what old Las Vegas was like. Located inside the restored La Concha motel, the Neon Museum is home to a lot of Vegas history. For $18 per person you can take a guided tour through the "Neon Boneyard" which is home to neon signs from famous Vegas hotels, restaurants, and other places. The tour is expensive but it's a great way to learn more about the history of Vegas and to see some great signs! It was well worth the expensive in my opinion and I would even go back again. Free parking is provided just outside the museum. In a word the Neon Museum in Las Vegas is awesome and well worth visiting!
3	The husband and I did the 9pm guided tour.Here's why I gave it only 3 stars:-The signs themselves weren't turned on, but instead were illuminated by ground lights facing the signs. We specifically chose the night tour because we wanted to see the neon signs in their full glory. Had we known the signs would only be visible via ground lights, we would have chosen a day tour.-Our tour guide was a bit soft spoken, so for the hearing impaired (like, my husband) this was an inconvenience. There's nothing available to read on each of the signs, so  hearing the tour guide is crucial.Had those 2 matters not existed, I easily would have given this museum 5 stars!The tour was a lot of fun. It's neat to see the signs that coined early Las Vegas as "Glitter Gulch." The stories of how some of the hotels/motels/casinos started and evolved along with their signs is very enjoyable. Figures mentioned range from a prestigious dry cleaners and Liberace to "Bugsy" Siegel and, of course, Elvis. Although soft spoken, our tour guide was enthusiastic, informative, and knowledgeable of the signs and the establishments they came from. Parking is free, and that's always nice.
4	Great place for a quickie Las Vegas history lesson. I didn't think I would love this tour as much as I did. I pretty much recommend this tour for everyone who visits. They have an amazing collection of vintage signs. Each one has it's very own story and place in Las Vegas history. We did the day tour and wish we would have done the night tour to see some of the restored signs lit up. Also in the middle of the day be prepared to sweat a little bit. Bring an umbrella if you are sensitive to the sun. The tour is about 1 hour and I feel that for the price it may be a little too short. You are guided around and at no point are you allowed to be alone in the bone yard. I understand that they are very protective of their collection and want to keep it intact as much as possible (even if it is outdoors) but they even escort you to the restroom. Bit much I would say. Also our tour began at 3 PM and ended at 4 PM, right at 4:02 PM the security guard was already telling us to get out. He wasn't nice about it either. You can take photographs but the break between the tour guide talking and moving on to the next attraction is very short, you don't feel like you really get to take it all in. I really loved seeing the sign collection, however they need to make it more appealing by allowing visitors to have a special opportunity at the end to walk back around and take photographs. I felt really welcome in the beginning but not so much at the end.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE! Our docent/tour guide was very knowledgeable and I learned so much about the history of vegas and the strip! I'm a designer, and he even touched on who the designers were, the font choice, color choice, design flaws etc. I really loved that! This place is not just great for tourists but it would be really good for design classes to go to as well. The lobby is really neat, and they have tons of fun things to buy in the gift shop! I think if I ever do a las vegas wedding, this place would be so great to do photos! It was definitely warm when we went so I suggest doing a night tour if it's in the spring/summer time.
5	I can't even tell you how much I enjoyed The Neon Museum.  The restored signs are delightful.  The permanently battered/dilapidated ones are a remnant of Vegas past and show the build it-demo it nature of the city.  Expect to learn a great deal about both downtown over the years, the Strip of its glory days, and surrounding businesses.  Liisa was our tour guide, and she was fun and engaging while telling us about the various pieces.  I would have liked a map of all of the pieces to help focus my attention on items not mentioned directly during the tour, as there are lots of little tucked-away gems.  Their social media is outstanding as well--check out The Neon Museum on Facebook and Instagram.  While you're at it, spend some time downtown and live a little!
5	We went to the Neon Museum after looking on Yelp.  We had a great tour guide volunteer (thanks Amy) and enjoyed the stories and stories of Vegas.
3	This museum was pretty cool! Very picturesque... but also overpriced.  My husband and I took the night tour and it cost $25 a piece!!! Really?! I went around and took pictures of all the letters in our last name, because if I'm spending $50 to tour around a small lot, I'm making my own dang souvenir!!
5	A museum may not be your first thought of what to do when you're in Vegas, but the Neon Museum might just change your mind.Coming from the DC area, I'm pretty spoiled when it comes to museums and I don't typically like to spend money on admission to them. That being said, it does cost to get in here but it's totally worth it. They're a non-profit org so cash flow has to come from somewhere.Admission was $12 for me because I'm a student. Discounted admission is also available for veterans, active military, and Nevada residents. There may be more discounts that I'm missing out on but I'm not sure.To check out the boneyard of old signs, you have to join in on a group tour. No self guided but that's the nature of the beast. Our tour guide (I believe her name was Carrie..?) was EXTREMELY knowledgeable, giving us detailed historical facts about each sign and the science behind neon signs. Never thought there would be so much info on signage. Our tour lasted about an hour. It was crazy hot out, so be sure to stay hydrated. No backpacks allowed on the tour but they'll check them at the front desk for you. No professional photography either, but you can take as many pics as you'd like for your own personal use. And just because it's a group tour doesn't mean there won't be tons of opportunities to take pics. The Neon Museum has it's own private lot with plenty of spaces, so no worries about parking. The museum also has it's own small gift shop too.
5	So informative and fun, enhanced by our knowledgeable docent, Maggie.  We went on the 9pm tour and this was the highlight of the weekend.  Learned more about the history of Las Vegas and, of course, the signs.  Go go go!
4	This place is a great tour. I opted for a night tour. When you check in and wait for your tour you can browse the tour merchandise and they have a digital screen that you can manipulate to learn more history about Vegas. When the tour begins they talk about the history of the building that they are currently in and the glass slipper outside the building. Most of the history is based on why the signs are what they are and how they have come to obtain them and their future plans.Through out the tour I was following and trying to listen to the tour guide but also wanted to take photos which is hard to do so I thought I would wait until the end thinking that we would have some time to just wander and take some photos but at the end the tour guide has to wait until everyone is out and it didn't feel like she was willing to wait that long so I didn't get so many photos as I would have liked. Which is the reason I gave it 4 stars. They should figure out a way for people to have a little more time at the end of the tour to look at the signs and take some photos other than just pushing them out right after the tour. But I thought it was a great little activity to do while in Vegas.
5	Well worth the visit! Fantastic and knowledgable tour of the yard includes historical, science and pop culture review. Not far from Fremont St experience Remember to book ahead online Well done Las Vegas!
5	Just do it.Get off of the strip and learn something about your surroundings.  (Unless you're just going to LV to get wasted, lose a ton of money, and find hookers aplenty then by all means, don't let me get in your way...)A great way to learn a lot about the old train stop in the middle of the desert. The docent/tour guide we had was a huge advocate of checking out old LV and some of the older, "trailblazer" casinos.Gift shop is filled with some of the coolest stuff (and it's reasonably priced!)--buy your souvenirs there and you're supporting the acquisition and refurbishment of old neon; AKA what made LV the glowing, pulsing alley of excess it is TODAY.  You're not doing that buying your Bellagio-branded Shot Glass for $10!!
5	Had a great time there! I went right in the afternoon so I recommend going the lastest you can! Something to check out if you like hearing about old Las Vegas!
4	Wonderful place to visit and learn about the history of Vegas. The staff was friendly and very knowledge.
5	The Neon Museum is located a little north of downtown Vegas in a sort of rundown neighborhood that doesn't give one much hope on first glance, but the Museum itself is a wonderful treat, filled with old signs from the Vegas Strip that have been rescued and posed outside in their "boneyard."  What makes the tour is the tour guide, and every tour has one, you have to follow the group.  But the guide is well worth it.  They tell you all about the history of the signs, where they came from, who made them, how they were constructed, etc.  For anyone interested in learning about the history of Las Vegas, it's a fascinating place to go.I'd also suggest taking the tour that sets out right around dusk, as you get the best of both the night and day tours.
4	What an amazing place.How is it possible that this type of museum to have taken so much work privately to put together.Vegas has such a rich rich history and the signs that dotted the desert landscape are kind of what defined this past.Sadly so many of the signs were included in the list of demolition for some of Vegas' most iconic hotels. (I am looking at you Dunes and the Sands!)But this is the place to go if you want to see the original signs of places like the Stardust hotel, the Treasure Island skull (which you can see from satellite view on google maps! Don't believe me? Look for yourself! https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Neon+Museum/@36.1767476,-115.13503,196m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x80c8c30c04199771:0xd95c2a661291ef97 ) and the Frontier, among others.The staff at this place is very knowledgeable of their collection.. with one small caveat that is the reason for my one star loss. The museum itself is located about a 10 - 15 walk from Fremont street. I called and asked a person at the museum if it was a doable (safe) walk during the day time if we wanted to save ourselves a cab ride. They said it would be.. but not really at night.DO NOT WALK THERE YOURSELF.I am a big guy.. haven't really had to worry too much about people giving me too much of a problem.. but this walk was one of the most sketchy feeling, unsafe looking walks I have ever taken. I put on a brave face for my girlfriend but my heart lost a few years of it's life in that walk. It's a must see, bring a hat, cold water and sun screen if you go in the day.. it's not very well shielded from the Vegas sun.
5	A must-see in Vegas. Learn the history of the city by touring the old neon signs from the strip.
5	What a great treasure. This should have appeal for many Vegas visitors. I think it is great that they are trying to preserve these artifacts and hope that they can continue to raise funds to restore and protect as many as possible.  I was fortunate enough to have been invited to a private party which is a great use for the space. The staff and catering was top notch. The tour of the signs started after dark so we really got the full flavor of the place. The only disappointment was learning that the sign used in a recent episode of "The Amazing Race" was a prop specifically for the TV show and had been removed. Really wanted a picture of that since it is my favorite TV show.
5	How lucky am I that I came across this museum while watching "Storage Wars"?  I never would have known about it otherwise, and it's truly one of the hidden gems in Las Vegas.  We were able to walk here from The Golden Nugget since it was only about 8 blocks.  In April the weather happened to be beautiful, but I will warn you if you go in warmer weather be prepared!  This museum is all outside.  Because you have to book a tour, you are required to wait for your guide in the very cool Visitor's Center, which used to be the lobby of the La Concha hotel.  The minute you approach that door you are transported back to the Rat Pack Las Vegas.Basically you weave your way through an outdoor walkway that is lined with mostly HUGE old neon signs and other signage from old Las Vegas.  Our tour guide told great stories about each and every one of them, and allowed plenty of time for photo opps.  I'm gutted that I can't remember his name, but I have a feeling all of the guides are as good as the quality of this collection.I would love to come back and take a night tour, where some of the signs have been restored to their old neon glory.  If you have only one tourist thing to do in Vegas, do this!!  Skip Hoover Dam.  :)
5	What an amazing place! This not for profit museum houses many fabulous neon signs. We were eloping and having our ceremony preformed at the museum, so we took the tour the day before. So glad we did!Everyone was very nice and helpful.Our tour guide was fabulous, so full of interesting information.On the day of our wedding , the staff..especially Ian, were great.Definitely worth the trip to do the tour and a wonderful place to get married.Definitely recommend!!!
5	What an amazing museum. We had a wonderful tour guide who was full of great history and information. The signs are amazing to be able to stand next to and get a feel of what old Las Vegas was like. Great to visit even during the day.
5	I cannot rave enough about how much I enjoyed this tour. One of the better tourist attractions I've been to here and I'm not even a tourist.The boyfriend and I had been meaning to check this place out as he's a true Las Vegan being born and raised here; and I just love doing new things and - lets face it - museums in Vegas are kind of few and far between.The Concha, building/lobby of the museum, is just as it sounds and is the shape of a shell. Our tour guide explained that it was one of Las Vegas' first hotels, which I never even heard of. Within the Concha, were typical museum fare with souvenirs (keychains, stickers, posters, etc) and even a "photo booth' to upload pics onto FB, Twittter, and/or email.The tour was highly informative and filled with various facts on the history of Las Vegas and, also, the history of light (neon) in the growth of the casino industry. Did you know that Mr. Binion was the one that started serving people free alcohol for gambling? Thank you, Mr. Binion, THANK YOU!!!!!!Also, I'm super obsessed with the Rat Pack and that era of Las Vegas so, I found it sooooo cool to be walking amongst the hotel signs that they performed in.It's so crazy to think that the "Las Vegas" as we now know it started in Downtown; and it didn't even start that long ago. Considering that there were signs from "the old Treasure Island" and Aladdin; it reminds me of when I first came to Vegas when I was 21. Guess coming here was a reminder of just how "old" I am =PThey're constantly getting "older" signs because - if you know Vegas - it's always reinventing itself. I'd gladly come again to see what's new.I highly recommend going to the sunset tour. The beauty of the sky along all the signs was spectacular at "the golden hour." And because the tour ended as night fell, you were able to see the signs all lit up - the best of both worlds.
5	Love this place! We did the shoot for our morning show there and got the coolest shots-mostly because of the museum background, not us radio faces haha
1	Tried to book on line and in person for a party of five. Tickets were only available for four of us and we were not able to attend. There is no flexibility with management to allow all family members to attend at the same time. Unfortunately  we didn't see the neon museum   We went to the high roller in town. It was awesome check out their happy hour.
2	Excellent history lesson however the guide was often in the way of a decent picture.  We got chased out by the security guard after the guide said we could take a picture before we left.If your tour at night you will have a difficult time getting pictures.  Whomever designed their lighting (there are very few signs restored and operating) on the signs that are not restored didn't do a good job.  The lights are pointed at you, change colors or flash.I feel this is miss marketed as every museum that I have been in will allow you to wonder.  They have monies to pay for security while their open but will not allow you admire, collect your thoughts or pose for photos.If it comes down to this venue or another, select the other option.  If you want to know every intimate detail of neon, closed gaming and retail AND don't really want pictures, this is the A #1 place to be!
5	Tips for visiting the Neon Museum.  Buy your tickets in advance, during the summer, they sell out every tour.  If you're a person who loves Vegas and loves history, this is so the place for you!  I fall into that category.  After leaving the Neon Museum, we drove to old Vegas to look at all the lights.Went to the 9pm tour.  I'm sure the day tour is just as fun?  Do what floats your boat, but make the time to visit this very amazing place.
5	Honestly, the best museum I've been to in Las Vegas.Tho it's not free rein on walking about, the signs were great to see.What took the experience above and beyond was our guide. She was quirky and interesting and made the information and history about each sign so interesting to listen to.  We took the tour at dusk, so we got to see signs unlit, as well as lit. I'd gather that the night tours may be more fun, but for the summer, I'd avoid the day tours as it is outside, and the sun and the heat will roast you.
1	Don't waste your $$$. Tour guide "Guy" was a total creeper. Tour would have been much more enjoyable with brief descriptions of signs... Instead the tour is a rehearsed broken record played out over the span of an hour. Guy kept pointing out people in our group to security... that were simply taking pictures of the signs. Felt like we were being treated like we were vandals or a bunch of bad kids. That's another joke about this place... Security their flashlights and hand signals to each other. Not really worth the time or money wasted. Most of the signs are not lit up or if they are lit up it's with spotlights... Not neon ! Should be described as  a "Sign Graveyard"
5	This is SO cool! It was rumored for a very long time that there was a graveyard for old Vegas signs and the rumor has come to life. Only in the past couple years has this been opened to the public and it is well worth the trip. The museum (located in a residential area) has restrictions but it places you right downtown so you can tour Fremont Street and the Old strip.Only a few of the lights actually light up but the others have some uplighting to create the effect. It would be a great place to take older people who would remember when and where some of these signs originally hung. Short tour but the docents are very knowledgeable and Ian in particular is an amazing guide. You can just see the excitement on his face each time he talks about the signs.  This is a great tour and unique to Las Vegas.  Definitely spend an hour (or less) here.
3	I've been wanting to go to this "museum" for years.  The unusual hours and the high cost kept me away on several Vegas visit.  I finally went and visited for a morning tour.  It's $18 ($12 student) for an hour tour.  Seeing all of these signs up close is really neat, and it's a great spot to get some really cool photos.  Still, the hour tour provided a lot of info that I didn't really care about, and the place would be much better suited if the was an audio guide and/or some signage describing the pieces.  I'm glad we did the day tour. It can get quite hot for the last tour (10am in summer), but the night tour at the time only had 4 signs lit up and cost $7 more.  Free parking on site.Bottom Line: Cool, but overpriced.  Good tour, but this space could be much better and cheaply operated.
2	This place did not meet my expectations...The attraction is outdoors, costing $18 during the daytime and $25 at nighttime. I chose to visit at night. If you have your heart set on visiting the museum, I recommend a daytime visit if the weather conditions are favorable. Just keep in mind there's no shade. I thought this museum would be fun to visit, partially to see the colorful signs lit up and partially to learn more history about Las Vegas. Unfortunately, only about 4 signs were actually plugged in and you cannot wander around the museum without a tour guide. I would prefer to be able visit a museum at my own pace and read information about the exhibits, rather than hearing everything from a guide.To the museum's credit, the tour guides are friendly and very knowledgeable. However, at a certain point, the stories became a bit repetitive and dull. It's was like "Here's a sign that was part of X hotel which doesn't exist anymore. And here's another sign that was part of Y hotel that doesn't exist anymore. And here's another sign..."When I was on the tour, I had an epiphany: there are plenty of colorful lit up signs on the strip that I can see for free. Why did I bother paying $25 to be confined to a tour that discusses signs that aren't even lit? My ultimate recommendation would be to visit during the daytime when you can better see the colors of the signs. Or just skip this attraction completely. That's good too.TL;DR- There are sparkly signs on the strip and downtown. You don't have to visit this museum.
4	We enjoyed the museum. It's great that these elements of LV history weren't lost. The guides are knowledgeable and the trip down memory lane is fun!
5	Perfect non-gambling thing to do while in 'Vegas. Fun for kids too because it's out-of-doors and a bit like a playground. Consider beating the heat and going after sunset. The sign are lit. You also get a discount for the Mob Museum. Have fun!
5	Great tour
5	Very fun! I would try to go at 6:30-7ish because not all the signs work so its best to have dusk type lighting. Buy your tickets online ahead of time it's only 20 people per tour.
5	We recently booked the neon boneyard for our wedding pictures, and could not have been more pleased. The signs make for dramatic backgrounds, giving you that vintage vegas vibe with a great mix of color, and decay from the signs. The attendant that accompanies you when you actually book a photo shoot was great, and fun, and not a bother at all. We booked an hour around sunset 5-6, and the lighting at that time was great. I'd like to go back sometime just to take the tour, and go in the evening. Overall we could not have asked for a better place to do our photographs for that once in a lifetime event!
5	Head over heels in love with the NEON MUSEM. I booked a photo tour, where I was allowed to walk around and photograph every part of the museum, it was well worth the money spent. The staff are friendly, the museum is perfectly put together, and the signs are amazing! There is great history here!
4	What a fun and historic place. Talk about nostalgia!  We took the day tour so wear sunscreen and bring shades. The tour is an hour and it is a neat experience to see old signs of Vegas.  Great tour guide. I highly recommend this especially as something different to do while in Vegas.
4	The first time that my husband and I went to Las Vegas we had a super packed schedule and decided to cut out the Neon Museum as neither of us were very excited for it and it seemed like a pain in the neck to get to. When planning our second trip back with friends, I came across it again and asked my husband what he thought - he wasn't too excited for it, and neither was I, but being a true Yelper I noted it's high ratings and we read some of the reviews that convinced us to give it a try. Yelp to the rescue again! We had a great time! First of all - I really don't see why anyone would not go at night!! Yes, many of the signs no longer light up, but they have up lights on many of them that don't and the ones that do light up are really cool to be up close to! However, the best thing about this is the tourguides - there is so much history (both actual and myth) and fun facts, that the hour tour flies by. My biggest recommendation would be to go early in your trip as our tour guide gave us some things to look for on Fremont Street (which we had already been to and I half considered going back, even though we didn't have enough time) as well as the actual strip. I would have loved going on our second day before going to Fremont Street for the night. That was the original plan, but their tickets were sold out for any night tours, so we pushed it back. I would say to definitely go at night, though, so I am not sad we pushed it back! Just buy your tickets early so you can go the night you want to!! :)As a side note, it IS a pain in the neck to get to. I saw it was only a half mile walk from the last stop on the Deuce and so I had us walk it - but the walk is not really pleasant - under a highway and past some random people sitting on a sidewalk heckling us!! I felt bad for pulling the whole group through that. However, the museum said they would call us a cab on the way back ... which sounded nice. They called the cab for us and nothing had come for 10 minutes, so I called to follow up (they gave us the cab company name - Western), and the guy in dispatch said no one was coming because he couldn't get a hold of anyone!! It wasn't the best. Luckily, most people got the memo to take a cab there and you can steal the cab they are getting out of (still not ideal for 7 people as Las Vegas has some crazy law that they can only take 5 of you at once - even in a van!!). Even with this small annoyance, totally worth it. Also - this would mean to probably avoid the last tour of the day as you will never get a taxi out of there if you can't steal someone else's!
5	We went there on a Friday morning and loved it.  Great way to get outside for a bit and take a break from the tables. Book your tickets early as they sell out fast.  Also, we went during the day and I think it's better than at night since many of the signs don't light up any more.  Nicholette was our guide and she was fantastic! Loved all the history and seeing some of the old Vegas signs.
4	I went to the Neon Museum this afternoon.  They give hour tours for $18.The nearly two-acre campus includes an outdoor exhibition space, known as the Boneyard, which features more than 150 signs, four of which are restored, a visitors' center housed inside the former La Concha Motel lobby and the Neon Boneyard North Gallery which houses additional rescued signs and is used for weddings, special events, photo shoots and educational programs.Important historical pieces in the boneyard include the signage from old casinos and businesses including the Moulin Rouge Hotel, the Stardust, Desert Inn and Caesars Palace as well as many others. Not just neon signage, the museum also houses fiberglass sculptures including a giant skull from the Treasure Island among others.It was a fun and interesting tour and I'd recommend it.  There were sooooo many old signage from days gone by in every shape, design and colour.Guy was our guide and he was knowledgeable and funny.  He gave us a lot of the history and information about many of the signage.
5	Want to get a feel of what Las Vegas was like in the early days of the post war boom? How about when the city was run by organized crime, or when Atomic Tourism was actually a thing? No place in Las Vegas can take you back to those eras like a visit to the Neon Boneyard where every recovered sign tells a story.Neatly tucked away on the outskirts of downtown Las Vegas you will find the Neon Museum and the Neon Boneyard - a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving and sharing Las Vegas's iconic signs of  yesterday. From an outsiders view it seems like a collection of junk however cheerful and enthusiastic staff are on hand to prove otherwise. A visitors center containing interesting tidbits about the museum and old Las Vegas sits next to the Neon Boneyard, the museums impressive collection of historic signs.The one hour tour is great and really informative. Walking the grounds on your own would not do it justice as guides have a story behind every sign and the property it once represented. Here are some tips to enjoy your visit that much more:  - Book tickets in advance! Tours fill up and there is nothing around the museum if you have to kill time till next slot.  - Visit the Neon Boneyard at dusk for better picture lighting and cooler temperature.  -  Night tours at the Neon Boneyard are offered but at this time only a few signs light up  -  Bring water. One hour in the sun with little shade is the norm.  -  Wear comfortable shoes as  you walk quite a bit. The Neon Boneyard is small but slow-moving.  -  Renting a car can save you money, even for the day. The Neon Boneyard has free parking and   a return cab to the strip can run ~$50.  - There's a discounted ticket available combining the Neon Boneyard with the nearby Mob MuseumFor more tips and pictures check out my full review at www.thislifeintrips.com
4	If you are interested in old Vegas history, advertising, neon, art, and antique, I would recommend checking out the Neon Museum. We took the day tour, it's an hour long and it's a guided tour which means you can't tour it yourself :)  I know sometimes you want to go off on your own and take pictures. So it's like a step back in time to some of the hotels like Stardust (where Elvis got married), Showboat, Barbary Coast, Frontier, Debbie Reynolds, Silver Slipper. Horseshoe. They also have night tour where some of the signs lit up. They also take private tour & wedding. The guide was knowledgeable.
5	Such a cool place I think a lot of people might miss while they're spending time gambling or in the clubs. I think we (including myself) forget how much history Vegas has and this place is a great representation of that. It's great to see all these signs and reminders of the early Vegas days and hear the stories behind them. Great docents, friendly staff and just an all around cool place. Admission is $18 ($12 for locals with ID) but it goes to a great cause...maintaining the museum. Definitely recommend stopping here for something different when you're in Vegas next time!
4	This is a very cool collection of vintage signs that allows a peek into Las Vegas history. I took an evening tour, and will be back for a daytime tour because I want more photos. I really wish they would allow people to roam through on their own.  Maybe place several staff around to keep people from touching the signs and limiting the amount of people that can be inside at one time. The information is interesting but gets repetitive.  We also couldn't get a cab and ended up walking back to Fremont at night through some very sketchy parts of town. We purchased the package with tickets to the mob museum.....don't waste time or money on that....ridiculous and nothing more than quotes and photos you could find on the internet. I can't wait to go back to the neon museum for more pictures and to see what those signs look like in the daylight.
5	Wow!  I was surprised how much history is put away here, and how much I remember seeing the lights when they were up.  Now that the classic Neon lights of Vegas are being replaced by the mercurial LED screens, I'm happy to see that these have a place to go so they're remembered in prosperity.  The hour long tour takes you through a maze of Neon and bulb powered signs of yesteryear, some which were still up even 3 years ago.  Our tour guide was really enthusiastic and knowledgeable, and really made the trip in time fun.  I forgot her name, but she was the skinny 20-ish looking brunette with shoulder length hair and I'd highly recommend her.  Seeing all the old signs and learning about the history of old Vegas was awesome.  Seeing remains of casinos I'd been to in my childhood like Stardust, Sahara, Aladdin, The Dunes, and Frontier:  Wow--What a trip!  It's unique, you won't regret it.
5	A fun outdoor tour with beautiful artifacts from the strip. Our tour guide was so knowledgable and friendly. It's a must see--especially during nice weather. There is also fun interactive things to do in the lobby while waiting.
5	This museum is amazing the views of NVare even better. Make sure you spend enough time to see the art and more time to picnic, taking in the sweeping vistas. The museum restaurant is great and the food of good quality. It is hard to believe that the museum is free and you only have to pay for parking. Even the tram ride up is memorable - best museum in NV.
5	Neon Museum is a wonderful place to get away from the noise and traffic of NV. The gardens are gorgeous and the museum is great! I loved the tram that took us there. Probably one of my favorite places in the city.
4	In the words of Lloyd Christmas, "I like it a lot". What a cool place, that's my inner child talking, for both locals and tourists a like. I used to think Vegas had no culture and what culture we did have was imploded and replaced with some corporate statue that housed over three hundred people and offered a $.99 all you can eat shrimp special.That's still the case, but the Neon Museum is a great look into a small peice of Vegas' brightly lit past. If you're a local or have been here long enough to hold that title, you'll notice some real gems in this fluorescent boneyard. The old Anderson Dairy sign brings on fond memories of Rusty The Fox, and Terrible's giant mustache would make any downtown hipster green with envy. Besides nostalgia, the Neon Museum offers multiple tours throughout the day and a few into the twilight hours, where the lights come on and the museum comes alive. The neon signs don't actually light up, but they have perfectly placed lights to give the illusion of old Vegas... Well, maybe not, but they sure are pretty! They also cater to the locals with $12 ticket prices and $18 for out-of-state adventurers. Senior discounts are also offered, so it's a great place for Nan Nan and Pop Pop to explore during the holidays and it won't kill your bank account.
5	We came in April and stayed only two days but this time, we came for 4 nights and 4 days. With an extremely active and curious 9 year old (while being 7 months pregnant) we had to find activities she would enjoy as well as us two adults.Of course, showing her some scenes from Casino, Untouchables and many "mafia" shows on discovery and history piqued even more curiosity, it was requested from our 9 year old "I want to explore more of Vegas". Off to the Mob Museum and we added on the Neon Sign Museum.To be honest, this is the coolest thing I have ever experienced as an adult! Memories of when our moms and dads had to practically smuggle us into the suites and rushed through the casinos floor...our daughter will NEVER know that side of Vegas but both my beau and I totally remembered! Back in the days of only Circus Circus...ugh!What a great experience this was not only for us two adults but also for our daughter who kept asking "where is the Tangiers?!"Would I go back or suggest?! You will regret it if you don't go...is a total flash back and super cool for kids....
5	I don't know how we have missed the Neon Museum as often as we visit Las Vegas. It is truly a jewel of the city. My wife and I got great pictures and even better information and history. Such a cool place. If you have a choice, request Beverly as your your guide. She was so insightful and you can really tell she lives the city. The tour is about an hour and a half and you will love every minute and get great pictures the whole time.
5	We bought tickets for the Neon & Mob Museum at the same time which gives you a little bit of a discount. Of the two, if you could only go to one, I would tell you go to the Neon Museum! Not only was it awesome to get a taste of Old Vegas, our tour guide was so informative and we learned a lot of really interesting history of Vegas. It's a guided tour, so you can't wander off on your own. But you're free to take pictures and roam around as long as you stay near the group. We imagined "The Boneyard" to be in the middle of the desert but in reality, it's about half a mile from Freemont Street. I'm from Detroit, so I'm not afraid of sketchy neighborhood and we thought we could save a couple bucks and walk there, but as it got darker we decided it would be best to grab a taxi. After standing around for a few minutes on a corner, I went into a gas station and asked the clerk to call us a cab. His answer was, "I would call you a cab, but this is a bad area and they won't come get you." He directed us back to a casino a few blocks away and we took a cab from there. Travel Tip: Don't try to walk there after dark.We went on a night tour (which costs a little more) because we assumed it would look cooler. I was a bit disappointed because most of the neon signs do not work and are lit by spot lights. As a photographer, I think I would have gotten better shots of the signs in the daylight, since most of them were tinted red or blue depending on the spot light. As just a tourist though, it was pretty awesome. My boyfriend loved hearing the mob history and we learned a lot of interesting facts - which was cool later on knowing the history of places as we visited them on our trip.Bonus Tip: Don't wear sandals. The pathways are gravel and there are traces of glass and other pointy things that you don't want stabbing you in the foot.
4	The art, architecture, and views are all spectacular. A highlight of our LV trip. Highly recommend the Villa as well.
