4	New ownership of a bar that's been there for a long time.  New decor inside, same huge, great yard out back.  This place has an adventurous drink menu including standards like the Pimm's Cup as well as several margaritas with unconventional ingredients such as basil, pepper, chartreuse, hibiscus, elderflower... Charming ambience - drinks served in Mason jars, homey, hip feeling to the patio.  They are still working out a few details, including the offerings on a limited food menu, but are off to a good start.  Also worth noting is the fact that while their stated hours included a closing time of 10:00 on Sunday, they were open longer than that since many people were there.
3	The decor of this place is fantastic!  The staff is also very nice.  I really enjoyed their Sweet Tea drink (with bourbon).  The food is good, but unfortunately I don't care for cilantro.  I will eat around it but when I asked them not to top my enchiladas with it, the waitress said this could not be done. I don't think it is very difficult to 'hold' the cilantro especially when you can tell it's the last think the chef adds as a garnish.
5	I've been wanting to come here for a long time, and I got my wish last Thursday.  They have a pretty good happy hour from 5 to 7, and one all day drink special during the week. Nearly all of the drinks have some kind of fresh fruit or herbs in them, and they are delicious and different. Drinks are also about half the price that you'd pay elsewhere.What I really came for, though, was the food.  I'd heard it was tasty, inventive, sort-of-authentic Mexican food.  I loved it!  I ordered the Patatas Gratinadas, a dish made with sweet potatoes, lots of cheese, and chipotle, served piping hot.  I also tried (devoured, actually) a friend's Frijoles con Queso, a cheesy bean dip.  They also make their own yummy tortilla chips.  What really struck me, though, was that they charged dive bar prices for great food!The decor was great and the service was friendly. It got really crowded towards the end of our visit, with a wide variety of customers. I can't wait to go back, sit on the (soon to be heated) patio, and try more drinks and menu items.  For a list of their menu and other information, go to their Facebook page.
4	I went here with Jessica M. the other night while in PGH. The place was really loud due to the Steelers game on the TV. Unbearably loud really. The seitan tacos were most excellent. The chicken soup was huge, but I could barely find any chicken in it. The two drinks I had were strong and tasty. I loved the dreadlocked lady bartenders. One has a really neat tattoo of a bridge outside of Pittsburgh. I will definitely head back here the next time I'm in Pittsburgh hopefully when the weather is warmer so I can hang outside on the patio.
5	I love this place!  The people that run this join are top notch!  When I visit Pittsburgh I love to go to the Cantina.  Yinz should get down on it.
4	Dropped in on this place last Saturday. Kept hearing about in via word of mouth, so grabbed the 86B and strolled down the hill. Given neighborhood, I initially confused the place, for someone having a lively houseparty. An old head-high fence and hanging lamps with their illumination filtering through the wood beams.The crowd is not what I call a traditional "hipster" crowd that you may encounter  a la Brillobox. More "mature" if that has any meaning nowadays. The front bar area was small, but never gave off the impression of sardine packed-in-ed-ness. What appealed to me the most is the general sociability of the place. They talk to strangers here, and while that may be tied to the people than the place, per se, it adds to it, imho.All waitresses/servers are *amazingly* hot and friendly. Grabbed a seat. Drank two caipirinhas and a hopdevil. Packed full of kick. Mason jars, are strange to drink out of, unless you are from the south or Missouri.  I have no such problem, and it gives off a very down-to-earth air that I would expect out of Lawrenceville. Costs seem to be "midling." 6-7 bucks for some of the drinks. That is not huge to me, but may be to others.Menu looked tasty, and had some Spanish and Mexican beers I ran into during my foreign travels.  Did not sample food menu, but will in the future. A great jukebox, and given the sensitivity of my ears, the volume was not too too bad...for a while. Later on that night, not sure if they cut it higher or if certain albums play louder than others. It seemed less of a problem than other places in terms of sheer "blast."There appears to be a secondary room of tables and chairs behind the front bar area, and going further to the rear of the establishment and up the hill is an intriguing grassy patio area. Did not explore that, because I'm a friendless wuss who is afraid of looking like a loser, but if you come with 5+ folk, you may want to snag a spot out there early and see what stars you may be able in amongst all the air pollution.This is close to a 5, but I only gave 4 due to the slowness of getting served at times. It seems like there is no bar to serve clients on the rear-patio area; the two ladies in the front were very busy cranking out drinks for all, so I could not fault them for the time it took. The time was due to the crush, versus indicative of any rudeness or lack of attentiveness. If they could resolve that, or add more barstaff, I think it would tip it over into perfection.This place has character, good service, good people, and thankfully is a work in progress.
4	I'm a little wary of the greater cultural implications of the decor but the cocktails are great. I would suggest the red pepper red pepper and the backyard/patio. My experience with the barkeeps has ranged from totally great to totally not great. Have not tried the food.
5	My husband and I were so happy to have found this place.  Great drinks, love the decor and atmosphere that has been created here at Round Corner Cantina.  We've had a hard time finding places to enjoy a cocktail in Pittsburgh that aren't sports bar-ish or college scenes... so thanks for opening up this great establishment. Can't wait to go back and try the food.
3	The atmosphere is very niche and old-fashioned meets hipster.  Reminds me of a few places I like in Philly.  I dig it.  A lot of the decor seems original, which is good, except for the huge hole in the floor under my bar stool.  The food was tasty and although the menu was short, they had a diverse selection with thoughtful flavor ideas.  I finished my meal without the bartender checking on me to see how things were or if I needed anything.  At the end I asked about taking my chips and bean dip home and the bartender informed me that they don't have take-out containers because they don't serve food to-go.  "Sorryyyyyy" she said as if I was supposed to throw my food away or put in in my pocket.  I ended up scooping the dip into foil and putting the chips in a bag.  I also made a suggestion to a woman with short hair next to me (seemed to be doing managerial things) that they should post their kitchen hours on their site since they differ from their operating hours.  She asked me "WHY?" in a snotty tone and I explained that since they don't answer their phone (their voicemail tells you to email them!?!) I was not sure if I would be able to eat.  I don't drink alcohol and my primary concern on Monday nights is checking out new restaurants.  Had I come down and their kitchen was not open I would be giving RCC even less stars.  She told me she would add it to their site in a still crappy tone.  I may go back but I'm not sure how soon.
4	Went on Friday night for the first time with my partner and two friends.  It simply was slammed.  Front bar was full and surrounding handful of tables.  The back room, which has around 10 tables was also full.  There is no list and much less reservations.  This was very frustrating, jockeying for position to take a table when it opened up only to have the one person in front of you suddenly have their 8 friends show up and take all of the open tables.  We ended up waiting an hour for a table for four.Not much of a scene, it really didn't seem like a lawrenceville crowd at all... definitely mostly people from Shadyside or the burbs driving their BMWs down to the new hip spot.I must say though, once the food came, all my angst regarding seating and pretentious other customers melted away.  We started with guacomole and salsa, both of which were simply superb.  The guac was simple, but creamy and satisfying.  The salsa was full of roasted poblano goodness.The menu is around 15 items from $5-$12.  The bulk of it are corn-tortilla tacos with various other offerings.Then my tacos came.  Good lord, I am so glad I ordered the pork belly.  Each taco had a healthy serving of pork belly covered in a spicy roasted, smoky sauce, onions, celantro, apple, radish and queso fresco.  I really wish I could eat these everyday.  At $8, the price was right for a sit down restaurant, but I do wish I could find these for lunch somewhere for $6.So, all in all, the food and service was excellent.  The scene and having to jockey for a table for an hour really left me grumpy and will make me think twice about going again.Lsatly, to the table of 3 who had finished their food when we got there, and were still at their table 2 hours later when we left.  If anyone from that group is reading this, what a low-life sitting there watching others wait for a table while you sip your drink and laugh about the wallpaper and run your hands through your stupid balding head of curly hair.  Go get a drink somewhere else and let people eat for god sake.Not good for groups I don't know what the heck previous reviewers are thinking.
4	This place is great in the warmer months--it has an incredible garden in the back and breezy summery drinks (e.g., sweet tea and all sorts of tequila). The menu is great, even from a California/Southwest Mexican food snob perspective. And the bar is cozy in the winter. The staff is also friendly and plays good music. Atmosphere is quasi-1890's frontier.Update: After their renovation of the backyard and staff changes, I have to say that Cantina has taken a dip in the quality of the food and service. Some of the waitstaff from the opening is still there and very good, but the newer waitresses they've hired are not as great as the original crew.Somehow, the bar crowd also went from refreshingly hip to baby boomer in the last couple of months.
3	Update: Have consistently been receiving bad service during the last visits. They still mix a mean cocktail, but the attitude of most tenders keeps me away most of the time.
4	Just had the pleasure of meeting a few friends here for appetizers and drinks a few weeks ago and enjoyed the dim ambiance of the Round Corner Cantina in the en vogue neighborhood of Lawrenceville.There were 6 of us together and it was not a weekend night, but the place was busy and there were no seats in the back room with tables. We made due with some high top tables pulled together on the bar side. We were met with unenthusiastic service all night which was the only complaint that any of our party had. To exemplify the issue, a person from our party was standing at the bar while it wasn't crowded, no one was needing help, and the bartender was not doing anything but talking to another bar tender--all while looking at my friend but not helping him for a solid 5 minutes. Eventually he meandered over to help and then took another 5-10 minutes to refill some waters and sodas and bring a beer. Getting their attention to order food also took ages. The service was just--well, it was just weird in the awkward sense.Even with bad service, the food was quite good. Their menu boasts mostly Mex, Tex-Mex, and Mex fusion style foods. Having lived in a largely Hispanic community before, I am very picky about admitting when non-Mexican Mexican food is good. I ordered seitan (a vegetarian protein) tacos and found that they came street style a la roach coach. They were really good, topped with red onion, cilantro, radish, and goat cheese. I really appreciated that the chef came out after our order went in to check about the cheese because it would make the item not vegan--he was friendly and on top of things. Chips and salsa were good too and everyone at our table--vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike--were quite in our appreciation of the yummy food. I definitely recommend this to anyone in the area but would suggest not going on a busy night as the serving staff was not good. For appetizer size food it wasn't cheap, but it was fresh and tasty.
5	Absolutely, hands down, the coolest non-smoking bar in Lawrenceville. I live in the neighborhood, and frequent this place often. The food is reminiscent of the ten years I spent in Southern California. No where else in this city will you get pork belly tacos and tamales that melt in your mouth. The ceviche is quite good, the guacamole rocks, and the brie and caramelized onion quesadilla is always a hit. Their margaritas are made with fresh juice, no gross mix! They're fantastic! Cantina is not full of suburbanites or Shady-siders. it's a hip, cool, young, creative-class kind of scene, that isn't bothered by a crowded atmosphere. I've never once had a problem with the service, the bartenders are super friendly and fun. This place gets packed, so if you want a table in the back, get there early, or you will wait. But who cares, it's a great place to people watch, and the tunes on the jukebox spin with the likes of Metric, Phoenix, Passion Pit, Peter Gabriel and Tito Peunte, a very eclectic selection indeed, just like the scene at this bar.
4	I'm so glad they are non-smoking.  Their food is solid but not their focus.  They would be a five star place if it wasn't for the crowds.  We always feel awkward eating here with people waiting in line staring at you for 30 minutes.  I hope this get better when they open their back patio.
2	This place is expensive, the back deck is still being worked on, it's non smoking, it's always crowded with a very strange crown, and no one there is very friendly.  My frist experience there, the food was bad, my waitress was completely RUDE (she spent the evening ignoring our table of 8 people, and couldn't even get our drink orders earlier than 30 min after we sat down).  It's over priced, over hyped, and completely boring.
5	Where the super-hip chill  and pontificate on the finer points of blunt rolling.Aside from being Super-Hip, they are Ultra-Cool;  Like 2 lame superhero characters, the are sexy as hell, fun to be around and you never know what the hell is really going on, but you know you are digging it.drinks are exotic, erotic and whet my tongue.  Or was it that the sexy bartender chic?
4	Definitely a cool bar in Lawrenceville, and one of the best places to get a cocktail in the 'Burgh.  It certainly has one of the most eclectic crowds around.  Everyone from the hipsters to punks to older people dressed up are inside...you'll feel instantly comfortable no matter who you are.  The cocktails really are great.  As a guy who really appreciates good ingredients and a well-crafted mixed drink, this place doesn't disappoint at all.  Service is...ok.  My experiences have been pretty underwhelming so far, but the rest of the bar makes up for it for the most part. Unfortunately, I haven't tried the food here yet, but I've heard good things.  Its a very cool late-night spot overall, with a really cool atmosphere and great drinks.
3	Great atmosphere and outdoor seating area. Terrible service! We waited a long time for drinks, some of which never arrived. Food was very good, but again we had to ask multiple times before getting napkins and never did get silverware.  We eventually gave up and just ate with our hands. We had an equally hard time finding someone to take our money at the end of the night.  Yes, this was Cinco De Mayo, but judging from other reviews this was not out of the ordinary.
4	Ok sure, the service isn't awesome on a Friday or Saturday night but the quality of the Mexican food here makes up for it!  Autentico!I'm a SoCal native and have been seeking decent tacos for SO long in the Burgh and of course they arrive as I am departing (shakes fist at sky in taco frustration!).  The pork belly as David mentions is fantastic.  I also really like the empanadas - flaky and meaty.  I think they make them with short ribs?  YUM.  A few times I've been there the corn tortillas for the tacos were a little thick but overall really delicious.  I'm a meat lover - and it's good here.  The carnitas are flavorful and moist but the chorizo sometimes is too salty.Friends T and P love the escabeche - the picked veggies and the micheladas -- beer with a kick!  There is one that is nice and spicy - they are on the beer menu not the drink menu.The new and improved patio opened the first week of May.  It's awesome and at least three times as big as it was before.  It's currently near-summer in Pittsburgh which is a great time to go here to sit on the patio.  I went with a ton of friends on the opening weekend of the patio and it was crammed tight with fans but it's probably died down a bit since then.  I am armpit height on most normal humans so it was...odoriferous at times.  However everyone was friendly and having a great time.  I ran into more than one friend here (out separately) who texted the next day things like: "so. bright. sun."  and "did I see you last night? or was that a koala?" - oh yeah, the drinks are strong.The outside bar was only serving sangria (not bad!) and beer so you had to go inside for anything else or find a harried waitress in the throng.  One really nice touch was that they placed a BIG thermos cooler of ice water with cups on the patio so people could serve themselves - which probably saved me from a killer KILLER hangover.The kitchen closes at midnight on Friday and Saturday so don't get carried away with your micheladas and forget to put in that last round of tacos!Really my rating is a 4 in the winter when you have to be a table vulture inside but a 5 in the summer when you can kick back on the patio.  Enjoy!
3	Pros:1. Great patio out back2. Great seating3. Great Drinks4. Good SelectionCons:Slowest Service Ever, guess good drinks take time!
4	I was really impressed with this place.  Cozy atmosphere and decent drink deals during happy hour.  We had the bean dip (great), I had quesadillas with gouda (pretty good) and my friend got the tomatillo salad, which she hated but was my favorite thing on the table.  Food was fresh and the recipes were good.  Would give it 5 stars if the service was a bit better.
1	Despite the Cantina's quaint atmosphere, service is HORRIBLE.  In fact, let me be more specific. The owner (middle aged small blond woman) is horrible. I have been to the Cantina many times and always had good food and drinks. This time, my husband and I ordered two mojitos. The mojitos were flat (absolutely no taste) with not a trace of alcohol. It was clear something was wrong.  We passed the drinks around...had our friends confirm that it wasn't right and thus informed our server.  [BTW, we were very courteous when we informed our server---most of us have been servers at one point in our lives and we know that things happen---we did not think this was a big deal...that is until we met 'bar manager-owner'.]The server explained she would tell the 'bar manager'.  She didn't offer to take our drinks away or apologize or even act inquisitive about why they might be tasting bad. About 10 minutes later, the 'bar manager' came out and without introductions or any lead in, just immediately went into a monologue (with lots of hostility) to our friend about how she was the 'bar manager' and owner and she personally had made our drinks and followed a very specific recipe.I redirected her to my husband and I, since it was our drinks and she continued to be defensive. We did not get one word in. My friend said that perhaps we could just switch out the drinks and the 'bar manager-owner' explained that we would still be charged for these mojitos. There wasn't an ounce of 'apology' in either her or our servers' behavior and triad.The owner took our drinks and we were never asked again whether we wanted another drink. Our server seemed clueless that her behavior was bad and never tried to make up for it.It was too bad that we had already ordered about $75 worth of food for our party...or we would have left.The owner must think that the quaint atmosphere will make up for their horrible service. Sorry...not for this party.I would think twice about going there.
4	Mixed bag myths busted: After reading about how rude the service was and that people are out for blood when it comes to getting a seat and   despite the fabulous food many declared never to return, my boyfriend and I  headed out to the Cantina.  It was a perfect night for the patio and after almost heading back in to get seats, the good seat/parking spot fairy sprinkled a little dust and TA-DA seats.  We ordered drinks (me tea, him beer) and chips&salsa.  Our server seemed annoyed like she was going to live up to the "rude" label that so many had attached the to service.  She turned out to be very kind and paid the right amount f attention to us.  Refills, beers general check ins are came in a timely manner.  I had the seitan tacos-very fresh, would have liked a little spice and will alter my order next time.  My boyfriend had the quesadilla de la parrilla and thought he was going to implode he enjoyed it so much.  Our server (again bustin' up the myths) informed us the quesadilla takes a bit longer to cook but that the wait was well worth it.)  Overall had a great night and would return again....in a heartbeat.  I can see the place getting negative reactions as yes it does get crowded, yes people smoke outside and yes the servers are busy and will not going hold your hand all night and/or stop and chat you up.  But it is a bar for goodness sakes!   Keep that in mind, don't take yourself too seriously and you will enjoy your night....
2	terrrrrrrrrrrrrrible service. i was waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and when my drink did come, it was horrendous! it was some hibiscus concoction, but hibiscus has flavor and this had none. and the prices are nothing to sneeze at, especially for pittsburgh.the patio is quite cute, but the bench arrangements make it impossible to add more seating to your table. and the benches are horribly uncomfortable, even when you're not squished 3 to a bench.but omigod this place has such potential! their exterior is one of the most alluring i've ever seen. get it together, round corner cantina!
5	My boyfriend and I LOVE this place. The service is not slow or bad, they are just laid back about it. The drinks are amazing and they use fresh ingredients for the mojitos and the chips there are the best chips I've ever eaten. They are homemade and delightful! The salsa trio or guacamole go with them great! The sangria is also very good and the 'el camino' margarita. Also a few good wines on the list that I always order. Patio is such a nice atmosphere and the cantina would not have such a great crowd and demand for seats if it wasn't good!
5	If you're a high-maintenance diva, then this might not be the place for you.If you're a juiced-up frat guy looking to slug miller light and jaeger-bombs, then this might not be the place for you. If you like great drinks, food, music and atmosphere then this IS the place for you.I honestly liked the Cantina a little bit more before it got so popular but I am very happy for their success. It's just that now it seems a little over-crowded with people who don't "get it" or understand what this place is about. The food and drinks are very high quality and unique. The servers are laid back and friendly. They have one of the nicest patios in Pittsburgh. This isn't the Cheesecake Factory.
2	I've been to Catina four times now. Once for drinks and three times for dinner. I've never been when it was too busy, so I can't comment on the seating problems...I've always managed to get a table within a few minutes of arriving.First, as a bar, this place is great (4 stars). The scene is relaxed, the outdoor space is plentiful, and the drinks are tasty. No complaints at all.However, as a Mexican restaurant it's boring. The food is bland and unoriginal. The tacos are too thin and so they give you two with each order, which just makes your taco taste like shell and masks the flavor of all the other ingredients. The corn was way over cooked (and over burned) and was rather tasteless. This very well may be the best Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh (though I disagree), that's not saying a whole lot. Pass on this one unless you're just out for drinks (and guacamole...which is actually pretty good).
1	Okay here we go. The first time I went here right after it opened, I was seated quickly, service was great, and what I can remember of the food was positive.Because I remember the experience as fairly positive, I wanted to go back with my wife. The first time we tried, it was closed (think it was a Monday). The second time we tried, it was closed... don't remember what day it was - and not the fault of the restaurant really, just unfortunate. The third time we attempted, it was open and packed. We stood in the main waiting area for 15 minutes and not one person approached us... they just ignored us and walked on by. We decided to go across the street instead. We attempted a fourth time, and had the exact same experience as the third time. We decided that we were done with this place.Last night we were looking for a place to eat dinner, so we decided to give it one more chance. They were open, and had seating near the bar, and on the sidewalk in front of the building; however, you don't get table service out there - they will bring your food, but you have to go inside for everything else. I can deal with that, whatever. We got a few drinks while we were waiting for our food, and not only were they expensive, they were small, and they were not very good. They used a syrup to make it, and you could tell. Very disappointing considering how nice it was outside, and how cool the location is. It'd be a really great place to sit and have several drinks.So our food came out. We had the Chorizo tacos and the fish tacos w/ some chips and salsa. The chips and salsa were actually pretty good; however, the tacos were just terrible... and expensive. There was absolutely no flavor in fish tacos, and they were fried. No tasty sauces, and you couldn't even pick out the flavor of the cheese... it was just all very bland. As for the Chorizo tacos, they were a little better only because they had seasoning; however, the meat itself tasted off. We're still debating on if it was actually pork sausage, or fake meat flavored to taste like Chorizo - it said Mexican Pork Sausage on the menu. Needless to say, it was anti-food.The worst part of all is that with 4 tacos, chips and salsa and two drinks, and tip the bill was Roughly $40!My suggestion is to go to Mexico City for tacos/drinks. They have 2 locations downtown, and I think they just opened one in the South Side. I go there for lunch pretty often. Their tacos taste amazing, and are significantly cheaper and you get complimentary chips and salsa (and least the first round is complimentary). I know the one on Wood St. downtown has a bar, and I imagine the one on the South Side would have to. The locations downtown certainly aren't as cool and the Cantina's location, but if the food, drinks, service and prices suck why does the location even matter?
4	I love Cantina! Great happy hour, great food, great patio! This is a solid place to hit after work with a gaggle of friends. La Cantina Margaritas are fantastic! Perfect summertime spot!Try the corn to have your mind blown!
4	This place gets by on its outdoor patio and drink menu, which is great.I do like the tacos, but I would really (REALLY) appreciate the option of flour tortillas. I can't stand corn tortillas. But this is a small issue, because I don't don't think this is really mainly a restaurant. They're just serving bar food as far as I am concerned. As for the other food, the guac is good, the chips and salsa are solid, I like the refried beans and the grilled green onions. Only real complaint is that beers seem over-priced and service isn't as attentive as it really should be. Just means I'm not buying as many drinks as I would otherwise, though, so I guess that's better for me (worse for them).
4	I really dig this place! The vibe, the decor, the bartenders- all very cool, real and genuine.  Honestly, it kind-of reminds me of an LA bar- with the latin flavor.I love the Cantina Margarita, simple and good and $6.  Perfect.  Some decent beer on tap, standard beers here in bottles and cans, plus a plethora of liquors; including some tequilas I did not think that they would have- namely, Cazadores.I have never eaten here, but the tacos looked pretty good.  My fiance and I often come in and grab a drink while we are waiting for our table at Piccolo Forno.Anyways, yes- love it.
4	Probably my favorite place to get drinks when it's warm in Pittsburgh. Mexican, too, though the competition is practically nonexistent. The good: nice outdoor seating area; guacamole; tacos are good (better than Mexico City; a little behind Yo Rita), my favorites being carnitas and al pastor; Sweet Tea and Basil Juleps; cheap sangria pitcher specials (see below)The bad: service is really hit or miss, with numerous food and drink orders seemingly disappearing into the void; chip baskets are laughably tiny, forcing you to track down a waitress and order another ($1) basket to finish your guacamole; inside is cramped and especially crowded when patio is closedThe ugly: seating is all "honor system". I went here a lot when I lived in Pittsburgh, and rarely had issues with claims of seat stealing (thrust upon me or by me upon others) but it's ridiculous to have to sit and hawk and hover about tables waiting for something to clear up at a place as crowded as this can get. You sit, waiting with your group, trying to have a conversation, but have to be constantly vigilant to see if a party's leaving and keep track of who's in front of you in the imaginary queue waiting for tables (and who should be behind you, but maybe didn't get that memo). I haven't been here since I moved from Pittsburgh a few months ago, so it's possible some of these service qualms have been resolved. If so, I'd happily give this place 5 stars.Oh, and they have daily specials (updated on their Facebook, these might be outdated):MONDAY - $3 MicheladaTUESDAY - $3 La Cantina MargaritaWEDNESDAY - $3 Dos Equis DraftTHURSDAY - $4 Sangria
5	YUM!  Pork belly tacos, yes!  Albondigas, definitely!  The food is all top notch.  Hot bartenders and waitresses, absolutely and I'm a straight woman.  The drinks are great too.  Lots of yummy tequila.  Keep in mind that it's a bar that serves food so first come first serve at the tables.  But they'll serve you wherever you are so just get a spot at the bar and order already!
2	The totally rude bartender ruined it!  Would not go back.
3	The menu is inspired, the food is tasty, cocktails are boozey. I left feeling somewhat unsatisfied though.Jb and I went for lunch and each had a bloody mary (it was* okay*) for starters we had chips with salsa and guacamole. Chips were a tad greasy and the accompaniments were good but not extraordinary. My quesadilla and jb's tacos were both delightful. Jb also got a side of grilled green onions which had a nice smoky flavor but I couldn't eat too many at one sitting. All that + 20% tip cost $52.
4	Sure, the outdoor seating is quite pleasant when the climate agrees. Absolutely, the seitan tacos are a great substitution to a carnivore diet (this coming from a near meatatarian). Undoubtedly, their combination of brunch and mexican cuisines is tasty and filling. Remarkably, their salsas/sauces/guac are all fresh, delicious, and worth licking the bowl for the last bits.But the real reason I'll go back? The booze.I know what you're thinking - that pseudo-alcoholic from the Midwest is at it again, overlooking what really makes a place great and just going straight for the bottle. But this place is for real. I enjoyed a bloody mary during a Sunday brunch that not only cured a hangover but almost paved the road for the start of a second hangover. My brunch mate slurped down a mojito of sorts that flavorful and strong, much to her delight. Despite the strength of said potions, they were still quite tasty. My only complaint is that I couldn't slog mine down fast enough to enjoy it ice cold in its entirety. I have also enjoyed some sort of spicy martini, another non-spicy martini, and something involving fruit and tequila - while I apologize for not remembering the specifics (see: sentence #1 of this paragraph), I will assure you that everything was enjoyable and strong enough to make a bull lose balance.The only complaint I have about this place is that it seems slightly overpriced. I know it is the only decent place of its kind in the area, but their prices signify that they also know it and are using it to their advantage. Also, the vibe can border on the pretentious depending on the crowd, but I would say in general from my visits and peer-ins from the street that the crowd isn't much of a worry. Overall, and this kind of goes without saying, I'll be back. What can I say - some of us love the sauce, whichever variety it may be.
5	I fell in love with Mexican tacos all over again.  Happy Hour 4:30-6:30 = half price tacos.  Awesome, nay, amazing Tacos. I lived in Mexico for 6 months.  I've had my fair share(OK, fine, more than my fair share) of Mexican street cart tacos.  I have a special place in my heart for Tacos & Beer in Acapulco.  RCT is up there on my list of favorite taco joints.RCT serves Mexican-American style tacos.  What that means, is they're served Mexico-style, but with an American, upscale twist.  For example...we had pork belly, carne asada, pollo, & pastor.  They're serve on two corn tortillas, ~50% larger than Mexico.  Then they're blasted with queso, radish slices, & cilantro.  Ranking in order were pork belly (far & away the best), pastor, carne asada, & pollo.  I'd pass on pollo next time..not bad, but generic.  The pastor is not "authentic" but it's still damned good.  I've given up on finding real pastor in the states.  Theirs is tender & soaked in adobo sauce, and absolutely worth getting.*On a later visit, I tried a Tijuana Street dog.  These things are like drugs in Mexico (widely available, addictive, & easy to find at 5am.)  It's a grilled hot dog wrapped in bacon, covered in avocado, pico, crema, jalapenos, & cheese.  If you think it sounds too intense...you sir, or ma'am, are not a friend of mine.  It wasn't quite the same, but it still brought back memories.  Oh yeah, they have lots of drinks here, too.  :)*(If you go to Mexico, the one thing you MUST try is real pastor; if it's not on a spit, it doesn't have a pineapple at the top, and there isn't a Mexican guy putting a Japanese guy to shame with his knife skills...move along to the next joint..)
4	Things it seems we can all agree on: the service is a little slow. Maybe leaning towards a lot slow. And probably verging on unfriendly (unless you're Friends of Friends. Yay for F-of-F!)Things I like that we apparently may disagree on: place is non-smoking! Awesome not smelling like cigarettes.Now, I saw a complaint about this, but I really prefer my fish in fish tacos battered and deep fried. Which is exactly how Cantina prepared theirs. Maybe this is more a Baja-style fish taco, but whatever. It's also more a Jess-style fish taco. Not only is there a fried fish-delish, the taco portion is huge. It's hard to hold everything together. In fact, that would be my one quibble: there's too much food in the taco. But they are also Mexico City type tacos (Mexico City the city), so they won't generally have a tortilla larger than about 4 inches diameter. There's a lot crammed into those inches though.The guacamole was right on. The salsa had a hint of a flavor that I don't love, and I would rather have the chunkier salsa cruda, but it's still good.I also thought it was very reasonably priced, but my beliefs may have become skewed by Boston. Luckily, I can get re-aligned over the coming months! Pittsburgh pricing is rad. This place is rad. No smoking is rad. And the low-key winter is rad when compared to how much of a crush eating here can be in nice weather.
4	Round Corner reminds me of a mullet that's a party in the front, business in the back. The front half is purely a bar--there's three or four small tables that serve as drink stands, the music and conversations are loud and it's dim (almost dark). But in the back there are tables and chairs, a quieter atmosphere and they actually serve up some decent tex-mex dishes.When I'm there for food I always go for the pozole and steak tacos; happy hour tacos are half off (sha-wing!). The Tijuana Street Dog, a bacon wrapped hot dog slathered in all sorts of wonderment deserves a national holiday, but I save that for special occasions because I try to be nice to my arteries (sometimes). When I'm there for drinks I get a mojito or margarita. Margaritas lean towards the salty side but are also tangy and refreshing; great combo with Mexican food and served in boho-chic jars. Their tequila selection is so-so, I mean, I really expect more options if you're going to devote a fourth of your drink menu to a particular liquor. Make sure to bring out your best manners when ordering up at the bar, the bartenders can be a little rough around the edges at times. And it's in Lawrenceville so you can expect a pretty hip crowd, especially weekend nights.
4	Can't rate the food, but the margahritas and the court yard are both four-star worthy! Sometimes the wait times can be a little painful, but it makes sense when you factor in the time it takes to make a quality margie!
4	One of the few places in Pittsburgh with authentic latino drinks! For that crowded from wall-to-wall experience, hit them up on a weekend night. I enjoyed the tacos by day, and the fact that they actually make REAL caiprinha's here, even when it's snowing outside. Now that's an oxymoron that I love: caiprinha's in the snow..... Only in Pittsburgh!
4	Vintage decor? Check. Noise level? Perfect. Ambient lighting? Ideal. Guacamole and salsa? Excellent. Chips? Fresh, but extremely oily. Fish tacos? Delicious. Margaritas? Quite drinkable. Best pollo verde tacos in the city, hands down!I'm lowering my rating to four stars due to their extremely oily chips which I have learned to avoid. This unfortunately makes it impossible to enjoy their excellent salsas and guacamole.PS: the tacos come on dual layered corn tortillas. This is apparently quite a difficult concept for other Pittsburgh restaurants to grasp.
4	Round Corner Cantina definitely accommodates the hipster crowd and isn't ashamed to make it painfully obvious. Having said this, I really enjoy their drinks and their food and have been lucky enough to dodge the sour bartender and poor service I've been hearing about.I have to stress that you really can't walk into the Round Corner Cantina expecting to be served promptly. I wouldn't walk in with an empty stomach. Instead, I'd bring some good company that you don't mind passing the time with. I'd order a few drinks and get lost in conversation and be pleasantly surprised when my comes. It's not a restaurant, it's a bar that serves food and it functions as one.On nice, warm nights the outside seating fills up fast and they do not seat you. It is every man and woman for themselves but both times I've been, I managed to snag a table without any problem.The food is fresh and tasty. Their tacos are pretty authentic with a bit of Portland thrown in. Every so often you'll get a pretentious piece of this or that but all in all, they're pretty close to the real thing. The drinks are mixed well and done right, using quality alcohol and a nice touch.Go into Round Corner knowing that the service is hit or miss and that it might take a while to get a seat, it'll make you less surprised and offended when you're not treated like an eater so much as a bar goer, waving the five between your two fingers around in the hopes that you get noticed.
4	Noon on a Saturday is the perfect time to try this place out. It's just getting started for the day, after an assumedly busy Friday night, so getting a table and great service is highly likely. (I hear Sunday brunch is amazing, but I have yet to try it myself.)Food-wise, I'm a stickler for the fish tacos. The corn tortillas are just right, with a sweet, flaky fish, crunchy cabbage and a creamy aioli to round out the flavor. The portion sizes are spot on - not too big, not too small. The salsa is a spicy roasted concoction. It tastes homemade, and I hope I'm not wrong. The tortilla chips clearly are fresh, but with a bit too much oil for my taste.The atmosphere has a retro charm to it. It's the kind of place that makes you feel cool just by walking in the door. The bar has an interesting selection of import beers and snazzy cocktails. Grapefruit margarita, anyone?In the warmer months, grab a seat out back. The open, half covered patio reminds me of a backyard party, especially when it's abuzz with after work happy hour folk, which it usually is. It can get hot in the Pittsburgh sun, so they set out jugs of water and cups as a self-serve rehydration station. I don't know why more places don't do this. It's brilliant.
4	It is dark in here. Like really REALLY dark! Like you could make out in the corner and no one would really notice dark. Let's not be silly though, I didn't make up in there, I come to eat! I really do enjoy this place, even if I have to feel around for the taco's on my plate because I can't see them. But this just makes me sound old. So on to the good part, the food! So good! I had the mahi mahi taco's and the pork taco's and they are exceptional! I love when they put cabbage in a taco, I know that sounds weird, but it's just so tasty with the marinade they use! I know that Chi Chi's (RIP) trained me to expect free chips and salsa, so it's always nice to have them free. Sorry to burst the bubble, but they're four bucks a pop....BUT it is an endless basket. Which is good because it usually disappears in about 5.5 seconds. I'm also a big judge of salsa, and this salsa definitely passes the test, with just the right amount of kick! I do LOVE the outside area! There's tons of seating and benches and it's just so great to sit out there on a nice warm summer night with a tall glass of Dos Equis! And I am SO into tequila...badly into it. So watch out, because that bill can get high when that's in the mix! You can also trip down the steps in the dark as night dining room after too many....
5	One of our fave new spots in the 'burgh!!!We just moved here from Southern CA (I was born here, but the husband is Cali through and through), so we have been searching high and low for an authentic mexican joint. I have been pretty nervous for him and the lack of familarity that he may experience, but we definately found a home here. The vintage wallpaper, artsy decor and screen projector is very reminesent of a Silverlake eatery-- the music is usually pretty great too. I know that some people are not into the fact that thet don't take reservations (the place is usually packed), but it is worth the wait.  I threw the husband's 31st b-day here and, after emailing with the owner who is also a SoCal native, they tried their best to accomodate us despite the no-rez policy. The happy hour specials are incredible. I have not had such an authentic mexi-cali taco with the cabbage, radish and crema anywhere else around. The drinks are fun (try the Sham-Diego), and there is usually some hilarious Mexican wrestling match on the screen.  It is the perfect spot to chat with friends, eat and chill after the daily grind of work. Oh, and the chips are magical.Thank you Cantina!
2	good food.  horrible service (even when no other customers are around).
4	Tacos so good, service sometimes not so much.I'd say head in during happy hour, order a house marg and a Negro Modelo draft... and while you have your wait'sperson there be sure to get a few tacos, beef or pork, your choice.And again, while he/she is there, get some guaq as well!
4	As the weather warms up, I can promise you will see me at Cantina! Especially for the brunch and happy hour specials. Their tacos are delicious. I dare you to split an order. The only way I have managed to is when it is followed by another order. The bloody Mary is magical. And the bloody Maria - well that is like magic with the sun shining and music playing through it. I have actually dreamed about these babies!
4	Delicious food. Amazing tacos and super fresh guacamole.Great drinks.Reasonable prices.
4	OK, Cantina. WTF is up with your pricing? Buyer, keep an eye on what you're being charged!First, NF and I come in and he orders a Basel Hayden. Or Bulleit. I forget which. Does not matter too much though. So, the girl isn't sure of the price, but says it's $6.50 or $7 and she'll go find out. It turns out $7 is the going rate. Unless you add ice. NF asked for ice and was told that there would be a 50 cent upcharge (which, granted, is still cheap.) He looks incredulous and then she says "All bars do this." No. No they don't. And he would know, since he has worked as a bar manager at several different places. Maybe all bars in Pittsburgh do this, but even that seems doubtful. Still, I could let this go.Except.During the patio opening celebration I bought a Jim Beam and coke on the patio for $5.90. Which is a weird price, but I didn't think much of it until I went inside and ordered the same thing. Inside I was charged $5.50. The patio apparently involves a pretty significant markup. And now I'm thinking of doing a cost comparison before choosing where to order.
4	Absolutely wonderful patio.Creative tacos, and a killer cocktail menu.I had the pork belly, and it was cooked perfectly with just a touch of crunch.Completely agree with the other reviewers that it is over-priced for what your getting. But, in a city with such a crumby selection of Mexican restaurants they shine, which is what allow them to have such high prices.
4	The drinks and food are fantastic! I got the La Esposa Margarita (actually about 3 of them..I love margaritas with hibiscus in them) and the  Tacos De Pescado (Mahi Mahi tacos). The only problem is the seating, as other people have said. Although we didn't have to wait too long and the staff cleaned it off very quickly for us.One thing is for sure...Mad Mex will never compare.
1	First, I should state that I'm a fairly understanding person. I'm also what some might call an alcohol enthusiast. The point is, that I've been to quite a few bars - too many, in fact, to put up with the service at this establishment.I had such high hopes for this place when it opened. I love tacos, I love booze, I live in the area. Unfortunately the service is so insufferably bad, that I haven't returned to this place in over a year.The last straw was a completely botched happy hour attempt, during which a waitress failed to put in food / drink orders (at all, let alone correctly), twice. After our food and drinks finally did arrive, our waitress disappeared for an hour. Somewhere in this mess, she also became straight up antagonistic after being flagged down by someone else at our table. I'll spare you the rest of the frustrating details.Bottom line: this is the only place I've ever debated leaving without paying. I finally was able to square up (after going to the bar to get our tab, since our waitress had disappeared).Recommended alternatives:For tacos: Yo RitaFor drinks: Brillobox, Remedy, Mardi Gras, hell even Kelly's has better service.
2	The tacos are good and the back patio has a ton of seating. The drinks, which were supposed to be their claim to fame, are good but not great. Most drinks are slightly over priced but it's a cool, clean place and one can expect a price bump.Worst part about this place are the bartenders. Bad attitudes, are slow, mess up drink orders and ultimately do not belong behind a bar. Seriously.. get some new staff and this place will be worth going back to. Til then there's plenty of better bars on the East side to visit.
3	I just moved to Pittsburgh from South Carolina and to call this Mexican is not so true. It's more tex-mex.  I'm going to preface this by saying that I have a food allergy to avocado. I know, it sucks for me but it will also suck for you if you try to eat here because everything has avocado in it and they won't/can't take it out for you. That's what makes it tex mex. Real Mexican is not completely covered in avocado.The ambiance was lovely. They have a really nice out door seating section and the white wine sangria was tasty. Great place to go and have dinner with a group of friends if you're looking for a chill and relaxing evening.
3	I know there are some people here that are gonna disagree with this review, but I'm just not a big fan of this place.  Their drinks are expensive, the wait staff does not put a lot of effort in making the customer happy (in my experience) and it's tough to grab their attention.  Plus I thought the food is overall about average in my opinion.  I expected more from this place, especially after having read some of the glowing reviews on here.Went here for the first time about 6 or 7 months ago on a mini bar crawl of sorts and had a round of tequila shots with two friends.  I can't recall the tequila we had but it wasn't particularly tasty.  I think we paid $7 per shot, which was a bit higher than I was anticipating.  We all got kind of a cold vibe from the bartender and later discussed this fact amongst ourselves.  We payed for the shots and bounced within 5 minutes of being there.  About the interior - the indoor bar area was pretty dimly lit (it was around 9 or so from what I recall) and the small bar hangout area had a bunch of hipster-esque folks lingering about amongst themselves in little clusters.The next time I went here was about 6 weeks ago with a larger group of friends.  I was really hoping to like this place on the second go-around, which was on a Tuesday evening for happy hour.  Their special is $4 margaritas and $4 sangrias, plus $1 off beers.  The margs were served in a mason jar, which sounds cool, but they are some TINY mason jars.  $4 seems maybe an average price for the serving size you get in my opinion.  And the quality of margarita was nothing particularly special either (I got mine on the rocks).  It just seemed bland, and not particularly strong.  I ordered a set of fish tacos (they were half off I believe?) as well, and they were decent but nothing special.  Nothing like what I remember sampling in coastal Baja California Sur (but then again I'm not sure what RCC is trying to emulate here).  Also got a Tijuana street dog which WAS in fact decent.  I mean it's tough to mess up a hot dog, and add some jalapenos, some avocado, bacon, crema, etc. and you've generally got yourself a party!  The chips were also decent and still warm, though I was not a huge fan of their salsa.  I'm tough to please with Mexican food.  I'll blame it on all those Mexican vacations...I swear I'm gonna give this place one more shot - third time's a charm, right?  I'll try ordering some different entrees and maybe try some different drinks.  And also try their outdoor seating area.  Until this happens, I'm only giving this place a generous three stars for not living up to the hype to date.  I'd like to think they are closer to 2.75/5.
4	This place gets some serious points for just looking cool.  It looks like a restaurant where you would hire Danny Trejo to assassinate somebody.  When you walk in, it's so dark you can only see silhouettes of people at the bar.  For full effect, they should add a record scratching to a stop every time the door opens.  In fact, I've just trademarked that idea.  Once your eyes adjust, this place is actually pretty damn cozy.  You'll enter into the main bar, which has plenty of space.  Most of the mixed drinks are great, but the beer selection is...well, I just hope you like Dos Equis.  The back dining area is pretty comfortable, and they usually play one of those crazy Luchador action hero movies on the screen.  The menu is taco based (with a few exceptions) and I am okay with that.  Everything is functionally pretty decent.  There's nothing necessarily that I go home and crave, but I think the overall vibe of the place goes a long way toward correcting this.  In the warmer months, they have a back patio that effectively doubles the size of the restaurant, which is also decorated perfectly to the theme.The only drawback is that each time I've been here, the waitstaff seems a bit overwhelmed with the crowds.  Oh, and the cement benches in the back are so low that you will see no less than four hipster ass cracks.  It's alright to throw pennies at them though.  Legend tells that if you land a penny betwixt those scrawny cheeks, you win 1,000 free tacos.I might have made some of that up though.
3	The place was PACKED on an early Saturday evening with a very interesting crowd of young and old and in-between, hip and not so hip, families and couples and singles.  We headed straight for the patio, but it was PACKED, too.  We turned up our noses at the odd room in the middle that is dark and dominated by a large screen and EMPTY.  Luckily, we scored the last two stools at the bar!We overheard our bartender describing  the making of the housemade bloody Mary mix  to a woman next to us and you know me and bloody Marys!  Naturally, I had to have one.  The b-tender described the mix as more of a gazpacho with lots of cilantro that was made in huge batches and stirred with a paddle.  Good choice there...nice and spicy, kick of cilantro and a heavy hand on the Ketel One.  Nice beginning.  Not wanting to feel the effects too soon, we ordered the pork belly tacos from the bar menu.  Yet another great choice.  I do love me some pork belly and this one was nicely set off with a kick of heat, smoothed out with a little pineapple and a nice little veggie crunch to boot.  Just a little bit of porky heaven there.There are some negatives, though.  Yes, it is called a cantina which to me brings visions of a dingy, dirty south-of-the border establishment.  And that's exactly what we found.  Flies and fruit flies abounded.  The mirror above the bar was encrusted with who-knows-what....shudder.  The bar desperately needed to be wiped down.  The other negative was the prices!  I'll close out with another positive.  The bartenders were efficient, friendly and very skilled.  Worth another try just for the drinks and the pork belly!
3	Located in the old Round Corner Hotel at the corner of 38th and Butler in Lawrenceville, the restaurant has an ambiance that would be impossible to create in a more modern building. The space is something of a maze, with tiny room upon tiny room separated by tiny staircases and finally culminating in a large outdoor patio. (Think the Seinfeld episode where Kramer built the levels in his apartment.) The decor doesn't seem to have changed since the hotel's heyday, but in a good way, with ancient floral wallpaper and creaky wood floors creating a romantic, mysterious atmosphere.Outside the ambiance is more cantina and less film noir, which is appropriate enough, Round Corner being a Mexican restaurant and all. The place is a veritable hipster paradise where the drink menu is twice as large as the food menu, everything is served in mason jars, and two tacos cost less than $10. As far as the quality of food, the guacamole is fresh made and out of this world, and my companions liked their tacos well enough. Unfortunately I ordered the enmolidas, chicken enchiladas with mole sauce, and they were basically inedible. I have never in my life had anything so salty. It was bizarre and truly disgusting, and so disappointing, since everything else about Round Corner is great. Let this serve as a cautionary tale: go to Round Corner Cantina, get some guacamole and a margarita, DO NOT under any circumstances order the enmoladas!
3	The atmosphere of this place is like no other. I love going around the time that the sun is about to set. It's got a great location and when you walk in, a maze-like hall will take you to a surprise patio in the back. It's great.So why 3 stars for a great place? 2 reasons...1. Service everytime I go is slllllllow!2. We happened to go on a Friday night last week. As we stood in the patio area waiting on a table, I noticed it got to be a competion of who would rush to a table first. We has 2 groups steal tables from us. It really cuts down the mood a bit when you have to race to a table. Fix? Go during non busy hours?
4	One of my favorite places in PIT. One of the places I can take out of town folks and they all refrain "Oh, hey Pittsburgh isn't that shitty"I love the building and the decor.  I have found the customers skew younger, but not necessarily more hip.  Other reviewers have called this a "hipster bar".  Honey, if you think these people are hipsters, I've got some news for you.  The service is not great even for this town.  Some of the waitresses are downright hostile.  Their attitude says "How dare you order from me in order to tip me?".  As someone who has worked in food/beverage I am continually astonished at how confrontational they are.The tacos are great and cheap.  The vegetarian tacos were not as good as I was hoping they would be, but sticking with a meat that has been simmered in a sauce is never the wrong option.  The pork tacos tend to be better than the beef, with the pork belly as one of the stronger options.  The salsa and chips are very good.Would return.
1	I don't understand the appeal of this place.  Unless you have a seat at the bar or are lucky enough to be trapped there and can get the bartender's attention, the service is abysmal at best, non-existant at worst.Note to everyone - if you plan on having dinner, you will be there all night.  Cancel all other plans.  If you're lucky, you will get your dinner around last call.The one time I was actually served food at Round Corner, the food was pretty good..  It was also empty, so that is why I was able to actually order.  So maybe the long wait is a bit of hyperbole, but we arrived at Round Corner around 7.  We were seated quick enough, however the waiting game had just started.  We weren't greeted by our waitress for about 10 minutes who said she would be right with us and disappeared for another 10.  At least she returned with water for all.  She took our drink order and left without our food order.  This is when I realized we were in trouble. At 7:45, she returned with our drinks and promptly walked away again.  Yes, if you're doing the math, it took 25 minutes to get a round of 4 drinks.  All beer.She returned around 8pm, by then we had been there an hour and we asked first for another round (to get a head start on that) and ordered our dinner.  That was the last we saw of her.  After another 15 minutes or so, my friend went to the bar to find the status of our missing waitress. Our best guess was that she had been kidnapped and held for ransom unknown reason.  My friend returned in just under 5 minutes with a new round for us and said that they were free due to the circumstances.By 8:45 we had finished all of our drinks and still had not even seen our waitress in the dining room.  At 8:46 we left money on the table for the beer and a note that the money was for her ransom and left on our way to Tamari never to return.
4	If you go to Tijuana avoid the donkey show... if you go to Round Corner Cantina do NOT avoid the Tijuana street dog.Cantina is a great place for a few drinks (best cocktails in PIttsburgh) whether it be their red pepper red pepper or a legit caiparinha.  Great atmosphere both inside and outside for a group of any size.the food is consistently great from they carnitas to their various other dishes.The only mistake you can make here is having too many of they great drinks... my wife has lived through that..
4	It must be pretty bad when I know the down times of all the restaurants. I've been to the cantina when it was super packed, moderate, and empty. It's very cozy when it's empty.  But when it's packed, it's very refreshing to see.  I love their patio.  It reminds me of some patios in Brooklyn.The chips and salsa obviously have heroin in them or something because I can't stop eating them.  I even found some in my pockets and still ate them. It was delectable.  The tacos are pretty awesome.  I've only had the seitan and the huitlacoche.  Both very fresh flavors...AND they use corn tortillas.  Should I write more?  Not really, but  I will.  The tacos come with two layers of tortillas.  The secret is to leave one layer on the plate and eat you single layered taco over that.  Then MAYBE, depending on how messy you are, you may have another taco. I'm just sayin.I refuse to click the Hipster ambience.  It's ridiculous.
4	What a great outdoor space. That really changed the game for this place. Now not only is the food great, but the atmosphere is awesome too. They also have an outdoor bar, which is really nice, and gives the whole place a ton more space. I recently tried their tamales, and they were so good Their tacos are great, as well as everything else I've had here. Really top-notch food, and not very expensive at all. Their drink creations are also pretty great. I love me a margarita. I can't recall any really bad experiences with service, but I also have never gotten spectacular service either.
4	The good: Red sangria, pork tacos, brunch, sidewalk seating, bar, the staff.The bad: concrete seating in the back courtyard (and generally too much concrete), and sadly, the rude owners.
4	Nothing hipper thana floating dried red chilicoasting in my drink
1	No service or offer of service for more than 10 minutes. Asked three staff people if it was seat yourself or wait and was told "it's all seat yerself" and sat down. Still no one came to table near bar. Terrible svc. Will not return. Strolled across the street to Piccolo Forno where we were warmly welcomed and seated in two minutes.
4	I love Cantina's food. I mean, I really love it. I always get the pork belly tacos because nothing else matters. They have apples and radish on them. Why would I order anything else?The drinks are pretty good, they are all REALLY strong! I wish they had more non-tequila options but oh well. Just one thing: don't order the bloody marys unless you like well vodka mixed with salsa. Luckily, if you're here for brunch most of their cocktails can double as socially acceptable day-drinking options, so avoiding the bloody marys isn't too hard.The other thing I love about Cantina is their outdoor patio, which is the perfect summer chill spot. I'd actually give it 5 stars, if it weren't for the horrible service. I know it's a dive bar, and I'm not expecting the best restaurant experience of my life here, but the servers are seriously unhelpful and at times, just plain rude. Still, it's one of my favorite happy hour spots. Pork belly always trumps poor service, in my mind.
4	Who knew you could get good tacos in Pittsburgh?    Tacos pescados were perfect.  The guacamole/chips are so good and fresh.  I reclaimed my membership to the clean plate club. Minus one star because happy hour pitcher of margaritas was pretty pricy at $16 for the ice to marg ratio.  I like the set up with the bar, another room of tables, then the outside patio is awesome.  The room with tables is pretty cramped and very dark.   I felt like Cantina should have be exploding with hipsters but there were a bunch of yinzers in there.  Maybe the hipsters are becoming yinzers to be even more ironic and different?   The service was great!  We had a waitress who was capable of splitting a bill three ways with all of our different stuff (shared and not).  Those type of waitresses are a rare breed.I'll be back here next time I'm in the burgh.
3	Stopped in for drinks.  I only saw the front bar area but it was a decent crowd for a Tuesday night. The mojitos and sangria were delish! Pros: creative drink list, decent crowd, lively outdoor area (from what I could hear), Cons: limited food options
4	I love this place!The best Mexican food I have found in Pittsburgh so far, hands down.  The tacos are creative and tasty and the rest of the menu is great as well. And they make the best tamales I have ever had.  On a nice night, the patio is a great place to eat, too!If you go on a busy night the service might be a little slow, but I don't fault them for this.  (Any time we've gone on a weeknight the service is quite fast.)  Sometimes the waitstaff is a little... "eccentric," we have had a waitress a few times that calls us "lady" and "man," which I find a bit weird, but she is attentive and otherwise friendly.If you are a big eater, you could spend a bit of money here before you get full...  The booze is a bit pricey and they charged me for seltzer water (REALLY?) but those are pretty much my only complaints and the reasons why I couldn't give this place five stars.
5	I can't get enough of this place. From the stellar drinks to the kicks ass guacamole! It can get busy at times and the service will slow a bit, but not for lack of trying on the staff's behalf.  Every time I have gone (which is a lot)  the drinks a good and strong, and the food is fantastic!  I have taken both my mother and sister and they are fans!  I'll definitely continue to frequent the Cantina!!! :)
4	This is the perfect place to go for Happy Hour!  But get there early.  My friends and I got there around 6pm on a Friday and didn't have trouble getting a table.  But by the time we left around 8pm, there was a long wait.I ordered a few Dos Equis (which came in mason jars with lime - a nice Lawrenceville touch) and the tacos de seitan.  The tacos were nice and very fresh, compared to most cheese-laden Americanized Mexican food.  They were made with seasoned seitan, avocado salsa, onion, radish and cilantro on corn tortillas.  Gah, so delicious!
4	This place is much, much bigger than it looks! In the summer they have the back patio open and it's truly an awesome summer atmosphere. It's like being at a huge party in someone's back yard.Their tacos will blow your mind. I don't handle spicy food well, but the tacos I had here were WELL worth it! You can taste the cilantro, which happens to be one of my favorites.Their karaoke night is a fun mix of people -- you never know what song will come up next.
3	Maybe my bar is still way too high from eating Mexican food in Texas, but I thought the food here was mediocre.  The bean dip was pretty good, but the chips and salsa were uninteresting and the pork belly tacos I got tasted mostly like bland fat (some hints of flavor there).  The margaritas were just OK.There isn't much seating here and it gets pretty crowded.  The limited hours may contribute to that...On the plus side, the service is pretty good and the interior decorations, while sometimes corny, make for a fun feel.
3	After several visits and living right down the street, this is a place I would come to drink, not to eat.The ambiance is good, and the drinks are as well. They can make a proper mojito and have great margaritas. In the summer, the outdoor porch is fantastic and comfortable. I have ordered different tacos on a variety of occasions and they never live up to expectations. Waaay too much radish and too little substance. If you want tacos, go to Reynas.
3	Great bar, and very good ambience. Lively crowd, a bit noisy - but, eh, it's a bar as much as a restaurant. It's not big, and I suppose it can get crowdy and packed, although it was not bad when i went there this Friday. So, a good place to spend your evening.So why 3 stars only? I would have given 4 stars for the bar itself, but I am just rating the food and drinks here. The slow roasted pork tacos were good and tasty, but quite fat. I was afraid if the the pork were to touch my clothes, they would be stained permanently! Some will like that, others won't. The fish tacos were bland. So, overall, not bad, and better than other mexican places in Pittsburgh, but you won't go there for the tacos. Also, sadly, my margarita was quite small, and I could barely feel the tequila.They don't have a waiting list, so you have to wait for a table. The dining area is small, and you may have to wait during the week end. I'll be back, and I'll probably eat there again. And as I said, that's really a great bar.
4	The drinks here are really good, I mean really really good. It's not one tequila, two tequila floor. It's where you sit with your girl(s), boy(s) or girls and boys and enjoy the drinks. My faves: La Esposa (hibiscus and grapefruit, hello!), El Rey (citrus fiesta!) and Angelita (hibiscus and basil!!!). The food is good too. The guac, good and pork belly tacos, yummy. The place reminds me of the SoCal places that I used to frequent in my short stay there. I hear the owner is from San Diego. Well he did a good job with the place! One thing, the place is a little dark. I hear they have a patio, but in Pittsburgh, there are not many patio-friendly days, and I have never had such luck in the Cantina.Also, they don't do reservations and the place is buuusy specially on Fri-Sat nights. And if you are thinking, oh not a big deal, I will call and do a take out, umm, good luck with that! Let me know if you can convince this restaurant to change its policy.
4	Never having heard of the Round Corner Cantina, my cousin took me for tacos and bowling next door. The food as fantastic. The tacos were very creative - unlike any I've had in this city. Highly recommend you give it a shot, and be adventurous when ordering.
2	The service was good, and by a stroke of luck we got a table for four right away at 8 o'clock on a Friday night. But alas, I absolutely hate cilantro. I cannot stand it in any way. And everything they sell, except for the bean dip, has cilantro in it. Not one thing on the menu was sans cilantro, and the waitress said nothing could be made without it. So I basically ended up eating bean dip and chips for dinner. So, I can't say I enjoyed my experience there, and I definitely won't return. But if you like cilantro, then try it out!
4	A chilled glass of Dos Equis and fresh fried chips with salsa set the stage for my Cantina experience. I ordered the Chorizo Scramble and S ordered the Chilaquiles. My scramble had sliced avocados with a garnish of tomatoes and queso fresco. The chorizo was nice addition to this dish. What I truly fell in love with was the Chilaquiles. Two perfectly poached eggs nestled on a bed of tasty corn tortillas and salsa verde mix. It was a Round Corner Cantina variation of the classic Chilaquiles dish. I wasn't sure what to expect but was glad we went. I will be returning to try other dishes. Their cocktail menu looks promising as well!
5	If I didn't think it would get me banned from Yelp, I would write this review in ALL CAPS because we liked the food so much.  The special Esposa margarita was delicious, but even the regular margarita was a cut above.  Frankly, nothing we had was even average (don't miss the Cochinita Pibil) - and you are wasting your life if you don't try their fish tacos.  We were a little worried that we had left Mexican food behind when we moved to Pittsburgh, but it's just waiting in Lawrenceville, for which I am very glad.
3	I don't even like seitan, or tacos really, but I sometimes find myself craving Round Corner's seitan tacos. Ample cilantro and lime make them super tasty and radish adds nice color and crunch. I love the double tortilla method which keeps the experience pretty neat-- I usually avoid tacos because they get messy, but these are manageable. The salsas that I have tried in the past have been terrible though, so the kitchen is a one trick pony when it comes to vegan options. The bartenders make great Pimms' cups (with cucumber!) and I really like the Carnation cocktail. The atmosphere of the bar is cool, the music is usually interesting and the back patio is to die for. Seriously, getting a table on the patio can be cut-throat, as seating is first come first serve (or a competition of attention and aggression) and is not managed by staff. I find the situation to be stressful. You usually have to sit down before the servers even clear/clean the table (which makes me feel like an asshole), otherwise you'll lose it. It's kind of like a showdown in the wild west, sometimes resulting in a draw (two parties claim a table at the same time and a new sort of standoff begins). I think I could muster up a fourth star should they get a host to keep seating organized and clean on busy nights. Other than structural problems with service, I've had no real problems with the wait-staff.
2	Went to the Cantina last night for the first time and there were highs and lows.The good:  Arrived at 5pm and found a table on the patio to partake in our happy hour(s).  The patio is pretty nice, relaxed, first come first served, seat yourself.The drinks were good (mojitos! margaritas!), and the guacamole and chips were great.The "meh, 2 stars, i've experienced better":  Our server was an absentee.  I don't know what the deal was -- if it was her, the bar, being understaffed....but it took over 30 minutes for her to bring me a refill on my drink.  Almost every time. We finally had to flag down another server to ask her to bring us our checks.   The food was ok, but the pork tacos were pretty dry.Finally, the crowd is kind of....ugh, I don't know.  We had people come up to us asking if we were done with our table yet.  Get a life....we'll move when we move.   It was kind of like Lord of the Flies.
3	Round corner cantina is tough to rate.  If you're coming to have a beer and some chips and salsa at the bar it's totally decent.  Not great, but not bad at all.  The waiters service and lines at the bar tends to be fairly slow, and you go inside, the food and drinks are fine, but to my tongue, nothing particularly special.  The real reason to go is the outdoor Patio.  If you're going to get margaritas and cold Mexican beers on a hot summer night in their outdoor courtyard, it's PERFECT.  Not too loud, it's easy to have conversations with friends and it's a very pleasant atmosphere with plenty of seating. So if you come for drinks with friends in their patio to get the most out of your round corner experience.
4	-Outdoor seating, check-Craft coctails, check-Super tasty, well priced Mexican food, check-Attractive girls, checkI'll be spending plenty of time here this summer.
2	We've been here three times and the service is terrible. The food is good, no doubt about that, but their servers will take their time to take your order, bring you drinks and if you want refills...well, just forget about that!Food is well priced and very tasty, drinks are expensive, backyard is pretty. So, it's a great place to hang out with friends, just don't go hungry and bring your own bottle of water. No kidding.
3	Round Corner Cantina is a cool and hip place. Definitely another one of those places in Pittsburgh that makes me feel like I'm in the East Village or Williamsburg or somewhere else in downtown Manhattan or in Brooklyn. The outdoor patio (I'd call it a beer garden) is fantastic and for me is the big drawcard for this place. The food we tried was very tasty (we enjoyed some tacos and a quesadilla). Some other reviewers have been less positive about the food but I can honestly say that the tacos were some of the tastiest I've eaten outside of Mexico. The drinks are another story altogether. Perhaps we were unlucky, but the two margaritas we each ordered were just not hitting the mark--they apparently used good tequila but things were a bit "rough" to me. Definitely way better than a sugary "margarita" you'd get at a cheesy American Tex-Mex place, but not perfect. In future I'm going to stick to beer. Which is fine, because knocking back some cold beers and tasty tacos in the festively lit outdoor patio on a warm evening is exactly what this place is for.(Final note: yes this place seems to attract the growing group of Pittsburgh hipsters, or "Pittsters" as I prefer to call them. I'm not saying that's bad, just giving you a heads up in case you think that is worth knowing.)
3	Beautiful night, huge patio?  Let's do it up!I brought some friends here who had pretty much never even been on this side of town before around 10:30 on Saturday night. Unfortunately they were not impressed with the wait for a table outside.  (Refer to first sentence. Everyone else had the same idea). After about 20 minutes of waiting and coaxing a table from 6 guys we finally sat. Beware!  Outdoor service is notoriously slow. If you're extra thirsty, grab a drink at the front bar before having a seat. Otherwise my Dark and Stormy really got me going!  The Sangria leaves a lot to be desired however.  Frijoles dip? Gross. Do without it. But I have to say the guacamole was fantastic!Overall, it worked for us. Will I be dying to go there in the near future?  Probably not. But it's worth a try!Oh, hey Mr. Security Man!I hear there is great karaoke on Thursdays though. My opinion might change!
2	I've been to Round Corner twice, both times sitting in the fenced in patio in the back.  Once was a year ago and once was on a recent Saturday evening around 6:00pm.  The indoor seating is limited, but the outdoor seating area is one of the best in the Burgh.  In 2009, the Round Corner Cantina was converted from the 28-year old Round Corner Hotel.  I never had the chance to visit the Round Corner Hotel, but from what I've heard it was a 28-year old dive bar that mainly catered to Lawrenceville locals.  Converting it to a Mexican bar was obviously a big change.  Although the Round Corner Cantina serves food, the focus is clearly on the drinks.  There's a variety of margaritas, beers, micheladas, and Mexican spirits.  Over the last year or so, the food offerings have decreased.  The only food options currently are chips and tacos.  The tacos have some creative ingredients like pork belly and house-made chorizo.  They're delicious.  On a sunny day, having a margarita and some tasty gourmet tacos at the Round Corner is a solid Yelp 4-star experience.Unfortunately, I have to take away 2 stars for 2 major problems that I have with the Round Corner Cantina.  The first is that they allow smoking out on their patio.  If it's crowded and there's a lot of people smoking, the secondhand smoke is pretty bad.  What is this, 2000?  There's almost nothing I can stand worse than breathing in other people's cigarette smoke when I'm out in public.  I know the patio is outside, but it's also an enclosed space within the restaurant.  I'm not sure that's legal.  Either way, it's disgusting and really detracts from the nice experience of sitting outside.My second criticism is how awfully slow the service is.  We were seated about 25 minutes before a server approached us.  Although there seemed to be a bunch of servers around, it was almost impossible for us to flag anyone down to get more drinks.  Finally, once our sever returned, she only took drink orders from the very end of our 8-person table and ran away before the rest of the table got to order.  Knowing the opportunity to order drinks was a few and far between occurrence, some of our group got up and ordered drinks from the outdoor bar (and returned before our drinks came from our server).This kind of thing really shouldn't be happening at a restaurant  that's been open for 3 years.  Don't they want us to spend money at their establishment?  During our most recent visit, the Round Corner Cantina certainly lost out on some income because we couldn't find a server to take our orders.
4	I am a fan of Mexican food, good Mexican food. Few things piss me off more than crap Mexican food that winds up being an insult to the nation and the cuisine. The Round Corner Cantina won me over with their ability to not screw up a good thing. I went there on a Thursday night with a couple of friends (who are my culinary cohorts now that my girlfriend is out of town for the summer) and we were pleased with our selection. The four of us first discovered the RCC when we were placed on a wait for Piccolo Forno, an Italian restaurant of unparalled excellence across the street. As Piccolo is sans bar, we sauntered across the street to RCC for some cocktails while we waited. We were so impressed and pleased we decided to make a return trip. This is the story of that trip.When one walks into the Round Corner, you are immediately transported to a dingy Baja tequila joint. I love the decor inside, it it classic Mexican bar atmosphere. I almost expect Clint Eastwood to stroll through the front door smoking a stogie and wearing a battered old serape. The building is deceptively large; the front bar is small but through an almost hidden hallway, you are led to a larger dining room and then an outdoor patio area. The Patio area looks and feels like a Baja surf bar. I like it, it's relaxed and cool and right up my alley.It is easy to tell by the set up of the restaurant and the menu, that Round corner focuses heavily on the bar side of the business. I don't mind this because they do it right. They maintain a large stock of tequilas and mezcals, and here they actually note the difference between the two (no tequila will NEVER have a worm) and their beer selection is populated by mostly Mexican and Carribean lagers. Not the ideal location for a hop head, but on a hot summer night I like those styles, so I was happy with my Red Stripe. Thry also have a coctail menu that is interesting to say the least. Our female friend drank the red sangria and the Something-Star Cocktail and said they were deliscious, but that the sangria was better. For me, I broke up the beer with a Perfect 10, a gin-based play on a mojito. I thought it was quirky and unique, but I switched back to beer (I just don't do fru-fru glassware). One side note, from my prior visit, be careful if you are drinking liquor here. I was ordering single Hendricks' and Tonics and was easily getting doubles and then some.As far as the service goes, this is where Round Corner loses as star for me. The service at the bar was quick, effiecient and pleasant, but at the table, things slowed waaaay down. They were busy and I do take that into consideration, but it should not take almost two hours for some chips, tacos, and drinks. Our waitress was nice enough and accomodated all our requests, but she was very slow.However, when the food did come, we forgot all out complaints. We shared orders of the guacamole, slasa verde, and salsa rojo with chips. The chips are hand made there, as were all of the dips. My favorite was the guacamole, but the salsas, while flavorful, were a little runny for my tastes. The runniness also meant that the guys there got salsa all over us. Followed by the chips we got the tacos. I went full-on-fat-boy and got pork belly, hanger steak, and tempura mahi mahi tacos. Coincidentally, that is also the order of my favorites. Starting with the pork belly, if you are not a fan of fat, steer clear. Actually, scratch that, grow a pair, hit the gym later, and get them any way. The pork belly tacos were excellent; succulent and covered in cilantro, onions, and apples. The steak tacos were good as well, but not quite the experience that the pork belly tacos were. The mahi mahi was the biggest dissappointment. The flavor of the fish was just kind of lost amongst the toppings, namely the cabbage. Also, I feel as if the fis tacos provided the least bang for my buck. They are eight dollars, but are really just a couple tortillas, some sauce, and about three ounces of fish. A bit of a rip if you ask me. I usually don't complain about price, but I did feel it was a little pricey here, especially when I can get tacos of a superior quality from Reyna's in the Strip. I guess you could justify it by saying Reyna's tacos are street food and they don't have to pay for the rent and liquor, but I must counter by saying that the ingredients Round Corner uses are very similar to Reyna's and that Round Corner pays for the liquor with the liquor.All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Round Corner. The ambiance, quality of food, and bar mean I will be going back at some point, even if I might not be rushing back. I will probably go when I feel like cocktails and decent tacos, but If I am simply on a mission for amazing tacos, Reyna's is still the king in my book. Four Stars
3	I keep forgetting that Lawrenceville is the new hipster hangout so I was somewhat unprepared for my Round Corner Cantina experience.  I met a friend around 9pm on a Thursday night thinking we would have no problem with crowds.  Big mistake.  After squeezing my car into the last open parking spot within a 5 block radius, we made our way inside.  The place was packed.  I was hoping to lounge outside, enjoy a few drinks and the lovely weather, catch up on current events....it was not to be.  Instead we settled for one of the last tables inside.The service, while not the quickest, wasn't a complete disappointment considering how busy the place was.  The chips and salsa were some of the best I've ever had - which they should be for the price.  We also ordered tacos - my friend got the mahi mahi tacos, I the hanger steak tacos.  $7.50 for just two tacos seemed a little steep, but they were darn good.  The beer and cocktail menu has lots of options.  One of our biggest likes was the music - lots of great songs I hadn't heard in awhile.I don't know that I was necessarily impressed with my whole Round Corner Cantina adventure, but I will probably be back.  Just not when I'm in a hurry.
3	I hate writing a critical review of Round Corner because I love the vibe of the place, and the drinks are actually really good. Plus, the owner is a nice guy. Unfortunately, the food just doesn't do it for me, and that's the most important aspect.Of all of the things that I've tried in the handful of times that I've eaten there, I'd say the tamales are the best thing on the menu. They're truly delicious, and the sole thing that I think about when Round Corner is mentioned. The pico and chips are also good. The pico has a real freshness about it, but that's hardly a unique thing to pull off. The part that keeps my review of Round Corner from being a totally positive one is the tacos. The first area where the tacos fail - quite literally - is the corn tortillas. I'm impartial on their use of corn over flour tortillas, but the fact that the they use TWO tortillas for each taco and they STILL fall apart almost immediately when you try to pick up your taco is ridiculous. The flavors in the tacos are fairly pedestrian and almost monotonous, but I can't stand being required to use a fork to eat a taco. On the plus side, they're fairly affordable (2 tacos for about $7), but if taco stand/truck-quality tacos are what you're craving you can still enjoy tastier tacos for less from one of those options.Will I go back? Sure. My complaints aren't deal breakers, by any means, but Round Corner is hardly my first choice when I'm in a taco/mexican food kind of mood.
5	Nice happy hour specials! Steak tacos were freaking amazing!!!
3	If you're looking for a bloody mary that meets any typical bloody mary standard, do. not. come. here. "Watery Mary" might be a better description, as their take on a bloody has no heat, no flavor, and tastes like watery tomato juice. I think there was a garnish? I was so shocked at how un-mary like my bloody mary was that after writing this review, I think I'll have to block the experience from my mind. Onto the menu - it's changed quite a bit since I frequented it in 2010. The menu changes unfortunately have not been for the better. Their once eclectic selection which featured dishes like a cheesy au-gratin served in a cast-iron skillet, is now a page of run-of-the-mill mexican fare. While the selection is not the worst, it's not as good as it used to be and their tacos definitely don't come close to the top of my list. The tacos: Two soft shell corn tortillas that are soggy and fall apart easily. I had the seitan tacos, which I'd recommend as a decent veg option. On the plus side, their guacamole is top-notch and they have a bomb patio. I highly recommend their chips, guac, and margaritas or sangria if you're looking to kick it with friends.  If the patio is full, the indoor bar and restaurant area ooze old-timey vibes -- so no matter where you're sitting, you'll definitely fall in love with the space -- sans their watery marys.
4	Limited indoor seating. The patio was very well done. The 97 degree heat made it a bit uncomfortable.   Get chips and salsa. And the guacamole    Smaller portions.  Not entrees but easy to share smaller plates.  The pork pibil taco was as good as I have had in this country.
3	I finally went back to Round Corner Cantina in honor of a dearly departed friend, who simply adored the brunches.  The Sunday Brunch is worth 4 stars: $4 Bloody Marys or Bloody Marias.  Both well-mixed and priced right.  Not too crowded.The catch is that this place is intolerable on weekends.  Being that Butler St. only has a dozen bars, this should be a top choice for me.  But it's not.  The service is incredibly slow.  Worst than that, the server knew nothing about the drinks.  I tried to ask about the Carnation, but she had to look at the menu to see which drink I was referring to.  I ordered it anyway.  What looked to be a mix of the best attributes of my two favorite cocktails--the Cosmo and the Dark 'N Stormy--was just a heavy dose of ginger beer with a splash of mediocre vodka, a touch of cran juice, far too much lime, and way too much ice.  It was a hot night and the drink was thoroughly watered down by the time it got to me.  I'd be inclined to blame the server over the bartender, but I'm not sure.  I'm not a professional bartender, but when I serve drinks with ice on days over 80 degrees, I make specialty ice cubes with the drink ingredients to not water down the drink.  For $7, I certainly wasn't expecting my cocktail to be a third water by the time it arrived.Finally, the food.  In a word: eh.  I thought both of the pork tacos were all right.  But the pollo tinga was downright awful.  Chicken in all varieties is one of my food staples, but something unholy was done to this poultry.  The guac was decent, but honestly Mad Mex has better...and if you're claiming to be authentic Mexican anything, Mad Mex should not best you on any detail.  To top it off, they charge $3.5 for chips and salsa and then only refill the chips but not the salsa.  C'mon.
4	What a tremendous place to check out in Lawrenceville.  Just keep in mind that this isn't a real restaurant per se, but really more of a bar with tapas.  Food items include tacos, fajitas, rellenos etc.  I checked this place out with  my roommate and overall, I'd say we had a good experience.  The service was prompt and the food was fresh and hot.  The price was very reasonable.  Very impressive drink selection, especially tequilas, if that's your thing.Why four stars?  You have to pay for chips and salsa.
3	I love the tacos here. Best in the city. Guacamole is fantastic. However, two major complaints. The chips are too greasy and they allow smoking in the private backdoor patio. I would gladly give them 5 stars if their chips were less greasy and if they stopped allowing smoking on their back patio. How lovely it would be to sit out there on a nice day but the smoking from other customers is awful- ruins the experience. I wish they were more healthy- cut the grease and the smoking!!!!
3	I've been here twice- once inside for dinner, and once outside for drinks/snacks.The outside experience was much better, but I'll start with the inside.Inside was too loud, distracting and dark- I couldn't even seem my food! There was an old movie playing on the wall, and it kept distracting me from my conversation. Also I don't like having to sit at a tall bar table when I'm having dinner. Outside, last weekend, was good. Drinks came quickly as did food and the service was very attentive. I do feel like the place is pretty overpriced- everything could be dropped a dollar or two and I would probably bump it up another star. Nothing I had (red wine sangria and steak tacos) stood out as wonderful or memorable.The bar seems to get really crowded, but I really don't think I would enjoy myself there for just drinks, and neither would my wallet.
4	Checked out the Cantina on a reco, and can't wait to go back!Went for dinner on a Saturday with friends and the folks.  We were lucky to get a seat on the outside patio - which was a completely different experience than sitting inside.Ambiance:  I personally loved eating outside on the patio in the great weather and surrounded by alot of energy from the mostly younger crowd.  Everyone was minding their own business and having a great time.  The decor was light and hinted just enough at it's mexican roots.  Given the drink and tapas style of the place, the patio was well suited.  The only possible area for improvement could be in the lighting - at times we had to use our phones to read the menu.Menu:  I was a bit thrown off that 75% of the menu was drinks and the actual food options were quite limited.  This turned out to be just fine by us.  The drinks selections were plentiful with enough Margarita and Tequila options to have you hitting the floor on multiple visits ;).  The food consisted primarily of tacos and nachos.  The Salsa & Guacamole were excellent and quite fresh.  All of our taco orders (4 different types) were very tasty and (along with the chips), were able to fill us up.Pricing: $4/taco might seem steep for some folks, but they're packed in with ingredients and will definitely fill you up.  A pitcher for margarita was only $20, which is also a fantastic deal!Would I go back? You betcha!   Maybe i'll sit inside next time and catch the El Luchador wrestling movies put on the big screen!
4	I have eaten at Round Corner Cantina a number of times and I have never been let down.  The menu is simple... which I like.  However, there is enough variety to keep it interesting with options for everyone.  The staff is super friendly and always remembers me when I go there.  As an out of towner... this is a huge plus.  The service at the bar is a little slow but they put together some really great drinks so I understand.  They also have some great Mexican beers on tap and serve them in Mason jars.  Bonus.If I was to recommend one thing it would be the seasonal pickled veggies.  You get a Mason jar full of pickled vegetables (and sometimes some fruit) for about 4 bucks and it is always full of flavor, fun to eat, and a total crowd pleaser.The patio is also pretty rad and has been packed with people every time I go.I am giving four stars because I have a great experience every time I go to Round Corner and I recommend it to anyone.
5	Excellent! I love, love, love their tacos and the complimentary chips and salsa are perfect.  Drinks are usually on the strong side, but who can complain about that?  The back patio is really charming and they seem to have spruced it up a bit (new tables, greenery, etc).  I don't even feel like I'm in Pittsburgh when I'm out there.  The food and atmosphere are super impressive.  It does get crowded late at night, though, so be prepared for that.  I prefer to go for lunch.  Oh, and I was hoping to get some tres leche cake, but unfortunately, they don't serve any desserts.  I'm still giving it 5 stars - better for my diet!
4	Yay, finally - rooftop (sort of) seating and good food!I have been to Round Corner twice now and I love it. The first thing that won me over was the authenticity of their tacos. No lettuce, shredded cheddar cheese, ground beef, or other Americanized fillings here. Radishes, housemade salsas, cilantro, and all of the other ingredients you'd actually find in authentic Mexican-style tacos. And boy, are they good!I have tried the tacos de carne (hanger steak) and the tacos de puerco (pork belly). They were both great, but the puerco was definitely the better of the two. The apple salsa and the poblano made it just spot-on delicious! I've also tried the chips with salsa and their guacamole. I would recommend the guac over the salsa. The salsa wasn't bad, but it was sort of average. The guac was nice and creamy with bits of cilantro (I love cilantro).On to the alcohol: the selection is small and Mexican, which is fine with me because I love my Tecate and Dos Equis Amber (small and Mexican - NO PUN INTENDED hehe). One of the things I love about this place is the price is right. Two tacos, a 24-ounce Tecate, and chips & guacamole would run you about $18 - not bad at all.
5	Best tasting mexican food I've had in pittsburgh. The quesadillas are actually crispy. Very flavorful. Seating outside amazing. Retro style seating inside for a different experience. Service is good as well. Price is reasonable.Draft beer selection is limited though. Parking in the area is difficult
5	I'm convinced this is the best place in Pittsburgh to just chill and eat some Mexican food.  The environment is awesome, especially the outdoor patio.  Had a great experience here my second time around and would highly recommend it.  Despite the fact that the chips are not free, the overall value is tremendous.  Two people can comfortably eat and drink for under $50.  That's great.  I'll be back.  A lot.
2	o hai wannabe mad mex jr.your food is super hit or miss.your alcohol is drastically overpriced and forgettable.yet..you run out of seating at night.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzi'd rather spend $ at tamari.
4	First of all, I love any place where I can drink sangria outside. That, combined with the fact that their outdoor space is super cute and their sangria is great, makes me pretty excited about this place. Coming at prime time on a Saturday night, I also expected that I would have to wait for a table, but we were able to sit right down. I have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed. I normally get the tacos, so last night I branched out a bit with the Tamales and the Tijuana Street Dog. Both were great! I also got to try the Chile Relleno, which I will probably order next time.If the service had been a little better, I would have considered giving a 5-star rating. The service was fine - everyone was very friendly, but it was very slow, taking almost 15 minutes after ordering to get chips and salsa. This could have been a fluke, of course, so I will reconsider after coming back again.
4	What can I possible say about Round Corner Cantina that hasn't been said already? Guess we will see!I love tacos, so obviously a place that serves nothing but tacos, and tacos done right, is very appealing to me. The outside of the building is really cute, quintessential Lawrenceville, and it literally has a rounded corner. Thanks, Captain Obvious! From the outside of this brick building, you'd never guess they had quite the substantial outdoor courtyard that they do, but on a warm day it's an ideal place to sit and enjoy one of those margaritas. The La Cantina margarita is outstanding, there doesn't seem to be a reason to order anything else (although there are many spirit options!),  and there's just something comforting about drinking tequila from a mason jar. Maybe it's me. The guacamole is really fantastic and fresh, and you get a huge portion of it for $5. The chips are a bit on the greasy side, but it's obvious they are made fresh daily, and usually by this point I'm down half a margarita at least and don't care quite as much. The chunky pico de gallo is really quite good as well. There are two vegetarian options on the taco menu, the tacos de seitan and the tacos de rajas con papas. The latter have poblano peppers, cooked potatoes, corn, the fantastic chihuahua cheese, cilantro, and RADISHES. I can't stress how much I enjoy radishes on my tacos. I had no idea I was missing this from my life/taco repertoire until I visited Round Corner Cantina. The seitan tacos also have radishes(!), a refreshing avocado salsa, stewed onions, and the seitan is prepared in this spicy-ish sauce that I could put on my cereal. I've never had seitan prepared so expertly. Even if you aren't a vegetarian, you owe it to yourself to try these tasty little numbers.The service has always been decent, kind of slow, but not terrible. Also, if you had never been here before, you'd walk in and just think this place was a small bar. You have to walk past the bar and around a corner to find the dining room and patio, it looks like you are heading to the bathroom, it isn't obvious. The plate size that the tacos come on I also find to be a bit curious, as it is barely big enough for the two tacos that come with your order, which makes things a bit messy. But maybe that's just me. None of these things could ever stop me from craving that seitan taco. With radishes!
4	I loved the cozy outdoor patio space at the Cantina. It's really a gem in such a built-up, urban area like Lawrenceville. Also the chips, salsa, and guacamole were all delicious. I was there for an event so I didn't get to order from the menu, but there were a few samplings of their tacos and from what I tasted, I'd definitely come back for more. The majority of their seating space seems to be outside on the patio, so seating must be pretty limited in the colder months. Either way, I can't wait to go back to try some more of the menu.
4	As real as Mexican gets in Pittsburgh. Smaller menu but everything was delicious and nicely priced. I had the chili rellanos and it was very authentic and unique at the same time. Big, egg-battered, mildly spicy(either Anaheim or Poblano) pepper with some queso fresco refried beans and tortilla chip. The lady had the chicken tacos and they were very good too IMO. 4 of 5
1	I'm not one to write unfavorable reviews about any business but in this particular scenario it screams for it.  The last time I went to Chipotle I was more satisfied. The guacamole was very good but other than that, I can not find much that was actually good with my meal. Too small of taco's and too over priced considering how little of actual food there was. You will get the tacos then question, Is that it? You will not miss much by missing this, I know I will definitely not be back any time soon.
4	Food is always good and the staff has always been very friendly. Definitely a thumbs up!
2	Best Mexican I've had in Pittsburgh so far.  I've been here twice so far and everything seems very fresh and is prepared well and there are some interesting items on the menu.  The guacamole is awesome and made fresh and the chips taste as though they are made on site as well.  Service has always been very fast.  Good happy hour specials.  Their beer selection is limited but their sangria and margaritas are very nice.  When the weather is nice their patio is a really nice area with plenty of seating.  Inside there is a bar area and a separate area with tables with an interesting decor.  They also have random movies with no sound playing in the background.UPDATE:  Unfortunately I'm going to have to update this and remove a couple of stars. I really loved this place the first two times I went but the 3rd time was really disappointing.  They really shortened their menu quite a bit and got rid of the tamales which were my favorite :(  Also the chips and salsa were no longer complimentary and they charged me double when I asked for a refill on the salsa when we had extra chips! And the guac was not as flavorful as I remembered it.  The meatballs I ordered were supposed to come with some kind of queso but that was no where to be seen and my order came out 15 min after my friend's order.  And these $8 meatballs were basically 3 meatballs on a skillet with no sides or anything with it.  And the drink prices were really reasonable when I came before during happy hour when I had a $4 sangria, but at the almost $7 paid at their regular price when the sangria is super tiny with tons of ice and very weak (although tasty) it just wasn't worth it.  Also their beer list seems to have decreased.  The server was attentive despite the orders coming out very far apart so I don't think that was her fault.  I think for those commenting on the service, it's much better in the back room where most of the tables are rather than in that area with a few tables around the bar in the front room.
5	As an ex-pat from Oklahoma, it's hard to find Mexican food that meets my standards in Pittsburgh, but I was very pleased with the barbacoa and especially the carne tacos. Their guacamole and salsa verde is also very good. The portions are small and expensive, but worth it for me. The only other tacos that beat this place is the taco cart.Atmosphere is very comfy and the patio is really nice.
4	I can't speak to it's authenticity, but I really like this place! Great for catching a few drinks and some casual food with a friend or two at the bar. There is ample outdoor seating when the weather is nice.All the fare is just slightly unusual compared to El Campesino or Mad Mex. I love the fresh radishes in the tacos, and for me, corn tortillas are a must have! Lots of vegetarian options too.Bar service has been inconsistent - I swear I've had bartenders look right through me. . . . they seem to either be very good or very mediocre - not in drink preparation but just in attentiveness. One downside - the bar is all hard surfaces, so it gets very loud! This seems a common problem with new restaurants these days. Also, since it serves as the unofficial pre-bar for Piccolo Fiorno across the street, it can get very busy.
3	I first discovered Round Corner Cantina because it's the place everyone goes while waiting for a table at Piccolo Forno.  Round Corner has a lot to say for itself in it's own right.  The food is very good and it has a really cool vibe.  I do agree the service is often a little slow.  Not crazy about the smoking on the patio.  But despite these flaws, Round Cantina is a fun place to visit and enjoy with friends.
1	Holy expensive tacos Batman I will not be back.  I ordered a total of 4 tacos and a beer grand total $25.00 dollars.  My hubby had two chorizo and papas tacos and I had a two tacos that had a shrimp and cheese filling the name escapes me.  The menu boasts of house made chorizo but we could barely taste any chorizo in the tacos. There seemed to be only one shrimp cut up into 3 pieces in each of my tacos. I watched the cook walk back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room 8 times touching everything in the dining room and sitting down with a waitress to eat chips and salsa.  Granted the NBA Dunk Contest was on the bigscreen so it's possible that he didn't want to miss out on the action.  I would expect more professionalism from a place that charged $8 for two tacos.
4	Excellent Mexican food with great atmosphere.I've been to Round Corner on three occasions and I enjoyed it each time. The decorations are amazing, complete with macabre touches. The outdoor area (not open during the winter) feels like the set of a movie. In addition to the atmosphere, the food was great. I've had the tamales, the guac, and the potato rolled tacos. All were stellar. The dark haired bar tender is very nice and poured all of my drinks generously. I found the price to be reasonable for the quality of food I was getting.As stated in other reviews, they have removed the tamales from the menu. This was really disappointing but forced me to try some other great dishes here. I recommend coming here for the drinks, the food, and the hip atmosphere.
4	Really great place love the ambiance, guac was really fresh and loaded!! I had the chicken tacos and they were great, fresh and on point! I wish there wasMore items to select with more dish choices but what they have to offer is great and quality ! So I can't complain !
3	Drinks were good, service was good, and the food was as good as Mexican is going to get in the Pittsburgh area. Salsa needs some work and the tacos weren't great, but the tamales were surprisingly tasty. I'll def go back when I'm in town.
4	This place is just great. Love the interior & ambiance. They make some awesome drinks - my favorite being the Dark & Stormy. The salsa and guac are tasty and just right for munching on at the bar. My suggestion for tacos would be the Pork Belly. It seems that the salsas that accompany the different tacos have been thought-through and really compliment the protein (or veggies) you choose. I think I'm a bit biased because my wonderful boyfriend took me here on our first date. It's a great date spot. But maybe I just think so because ours went so well! Either way you should definitely check it out!
2	The food and drinks here are good and the back patio is great in warm weather, but the service is no better than two stars and often even lower. I've been at least four times and finally learned to order three or four rounds at a time because you can go hours without seeing your waitress.  On a regular Saturday night, I waited 45 minutes for a drink while sitting at the bar. They have somehow hired the slowest staff in the world and then encouraged them to work even slower. If you have to wait here for your table at Piccolo Forno, do so, but bring a book to kill the wait.
5	Love the lamb tocos and the sangria here. The patio is awesome. Margaritas are not half bad either! The chips are great, and the guac is delicious when it's not too salty.
4	Good food.  Good drinks.  Good location.  Reasonably priced.  Sizable restaurant.  Nice outdoor patio.  I wish they had happy hour specials beyond just drink discounts.  Don't order the queso fundido with salsa verde.  It was soupy.
4	I came here on a Monday night at the recommendation of the Patio edition of the Yelp newsletter. When I walked in, I felt like I was walking into one of those old-time, dusty, quiet bars in the southwest, which isn't a bad thing. It was dark and had a dive-bar vibe, but a bit cleaner. We went straight out to the patio in the back and I was very pleased with the bright Mexican decor, lights and decorative high top tables. We took a seat, ordered an array of margaritas and beers and stayed for a few hours. The drink prices are decent for what you get, they had half price tacos, and great chips and salsa. It definitely doesn't break the bank! My favorite drink of the night was the El Rey margarita which has some chile de arbol in it, which gave it a spicy kick. I also had the La Chiquita Sarita which was a strawberry margarita on the rocks with muddled lime, but way more unique than it sounds. It was a close second to the El Rey for me. Try the Micheladas for a beer/margarita hybrid beverage. The only thing that bumped a star down for me was the service. It was a little haphazard, but still overall attentive.
5	I've been alive and living in Pittsburgh for too long to just be finding out about La Cantina now. But isn't that how it always is with a great spot you feel you've been missing out on?A Saturday night where the weather is warm and the night sky clear is best spent on the Cantina's back patio. It's gushing with life. The drinks are excellent (I like when I can find a real margarita that's not some artificial "ultimate margarita" that always seems to disappoint. They have a great selection of tasty tacos too. You might think it strange to find a spot that makes you feel this close to actually being in Mexico, but you'll be having too good a time to care!
4	Excellent guacamole and chips.  Thin sliced jalapeanos top the guacamole off and give the dip a nice zing.  This is such a great spot inside or out...come here for a good Mexican snack, a Mexican beer or margharita and a kicked back atmosphere.  This spot reinforces how Lawrenceville has some of the greatest spots in the city.
4	"Margaritas in mason jars!" We planned a happy hour here a while back and all I could declare for the week leading up to the happy hour was, "margaritas in mason jars!" Seriously, kids, I find this to be a delightful thing.We all ordered tacos of variously cooked parts of cows and pigs - chorizo, carnitas, beef birria. All reported satisfied with their meals.Now the main draw of Round Corner Cantina is the back patio. It's very popular and for good reason. Although it can get pretty hot and I wish they had more fans running, there's just something relaxing and fun about sitting outside on a nice summer day with a margarita in a mason jar. So much so that friends from the suburbs drove in to the (big, bad) city for happy hour. I didn't think suburbanites did that in Pgh but they will for Cantina.  That's enough of a testament to this place for me.
4	Quite possibly the coolest hang out in the East End - and the drinks are pretty stellar (I recommend El Rey), but if you order food be prepared to dig pretty deep into those wallets for a small portion - oh, and watch out for the chips. It's tragic that some of the best guac in town is paired with these greasy monsters. If you are merrily throwing back some margaritas in the sunshine - that tequila won't settle too well on top of these - just saying.
3	The Good: Pretty decent Taco. Some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh (not saying much? still saying something!) with numerous options and solid chips and salsaThe enclosed patio is fantastic. You feel like you're sitting in your charming hipster friend's backyeardDecent Tequila/Mezcal selection and cocktails The Bad:Tacos are way over priced. You'd probably expect twice the food for the price.The House Margarita is baaaaaaaaaaaasically just orange juiceThe Ugly:Worst Service in Pittsburgh? Worst Service in the world? Current working theory is that they actually pay the waiters to be surly and mix up orders to contribute to the overall ambience. It once took almost two hours just to place our food order. Just get two pitchers of margaritas at a time, because you may never see your waiter again.
4	I had a great meal at the Round Corner last night, and the service was excellent, so I am extending an additional star.  The tacos are delicious and they make some of the best Margaritas in Pittsburgh.  I love the patio seating, it's a great place to take friends.
5	OMG, the happy hour actually is happy!As if you couldn't tell this was my first visit here.  And what better of a time to go than happy hour on a Friday?  Drink specials and free chips and salsa!  The pitcher of margaritas is a great buy during this time compared to the price per glass.  Let me go back to the beginning.  When we walked in we were greeted by the doorman who promptly asked for ID (thank you, I feel young again!).  The door did state that NO ONE under the age of 21 is allowed entry.  The lighting was dim, the room cozy with a sign pointing to the patio (watch the steps), and the aroma upon entry was amazing.  Fresh mint everywhere!  Made me want a mojito, but I stuck to my guns and had a margarita.The patio area is amazing and huge.  Self seating so you can find your own spot that you think will be the best for your dining experience (note, the patio is smoker friendly, which is rare to find a place that is friendly to their smokers).  The thing I liked most was that after the first delivery of water, you are free to go and refill your own glass, not saying that I did, but honestly with as busy as they were, you didn't have to wait for the waiter/waitress to come by for a refill.  As stated before, I had my pitcher of margaritas and my friend opted for a pitcher of XX Amber.  Both at happy hour prices are a great buy and also a great thing to help pass the time.  We didn't just come here for the libations, but for the food as well.  I had the potato rolled tacos and my friend opted for chile relleno.  Both looked good but I can only tell you how mine was.  Four rolled and fried tacos filled with potatoes, for an Irish boy like me that has a huge love for Mexican food I was in heaven.  The tacos were topped with a generous amount of guacamole.  I'm not talking about those tiny dollops you get from a fast food chain.  This amount stretched across the four tacos and was a thick line of goodness.  But that shouldn't overshadow the chipotle sauce or queso fresco that also topped the tacos.  A serving of fresh pico was also on the plate, but off to the side so you could scoop as much or as little on top of it all.  The most amazing/surprising thing on the plate was the fried rice.  This is not your typical fried rice.  Think Chinese with a twist.  The rice had the typical corn, peas, and carrots in it.  But I also came across small pieces of potatoes and chicken and I'm sure there were other items in there, but I was too busy mixing everything on my plate at this point.  The prices are a bit steep here, but don't let that deter you, it's well worth it.  To say that I will be back here is an understatement.  I think this may be my new favorite Mexican place in the city.  I'm so hungry for it now that I have written this review.
3	No disrespect for people who love this place, but the margarita was A-OK, the tacos were A-OK, and the service was A-OK. So I guess this make my review A-OK. For the record I want to love this place, but the reality is that this place is simply A-OK.
3	I have a soft spot in my heart for Cantina. I like the ambiance, I like the drinks, I like the servers and I LOVE those fucking pickles. That being said, after eating pretty much all of the menu, I am a bit bored and the prices are regularly a bit high for my waning interest. Monday is half price night and that is when you need to go. Eat the fish tacos, the pickles and maybe have some drinks. Bring your hot date and show off, makeout in the backyard under the stars. That's what I would do.
4	Round Corner sits high on my list of great happy hours. Their margarita selection is great. I'm not margarita connoisseur, but I've had my share and these are just right. Not too stiff, but they stand up well against the food and other margs I've had in town. To reiterate two things that others have mentioned: a) This place gets packed on weekends. Get here early or go home sad -- or, you know, wait... but seriously who has time for that?!b) The outdoor seating is some of the best in the 'Burgh. The back patio has ample space for large several large groups or small 2-4 tops. Staff are friendly and attentive -- even when things start filling up. All in all, a great place to take out-of-towners to prove that Pittsburgh is actually hip these days -- though that needs less and less defending.
5	Just tried this place out the other day after it was recommended to us. Thought the tacos were wonderful! We tried an array and couldn't finish them all! Also had the chips, salsa, and guac, all of which were extremely tasty. Tried out some margaritas as well that did not disappoint! Had great weather so enjoyed the patio and just had an all around wonderful lunch!
3	Let me just say that the food at this place was really great as well as the atmosphere. Our server was one of the worst I've ever had. I asked her if the restaurant did anything special for birthdays and she answered was an incredibly snotty "No, not at all". When we had questions about the menu her replies were short and condescending. Nothing was particularly slow but the real kicker was that when she gave us our bill, she requested that we initial next to each menu item because she was apparently completely incapable of keeping track of what we had ordered. We marked our receipt as she requested, but when she returned to our table we had apparently "really screwed up" by doing her job for her. SHE MADE US REDO IT and then stood impatiently at the table while we finished. We commented that it was ridiculous and she started trying to make excuses. She couldn't even finish her sentence. This woman has no business working in the restaurant industry if she is this disrespectful to customers.
2	Womp womp. I'm hoping this was just a fluke, but our service was so bad! I've read other yelpers that seem to have had the same issue. Get it together Round Corner Cantina! Our waitress had attitude and barely ever came to our table. When we asked if she could split our check she flat out said no and looked like she was so annoyed that we had the nerve to ask. She then said we could do the math ourselves and we could pay with two cards. She may have been overworked with too many tables which I can totally sympathize with, but her attitude was what really turned me off. Other than the poor service, the food was good. Their guacamole is delicious and their margaritas are also a nice treat! I ordered La Chiquita Sarita margarita...it was corrale jo, orange juice, lime, and diced strawberries. It was a little overpriced though. $8 for a small mason jar that was mostly ice. The tacos are also a little overpriced. $7-$8 for two tiny tacos. This is one of those situations where I want to love this place so bad, but they broke my heart and I just can't do it! :(
2	I'm between a 2 and 3 for Cantina. It has it's definite pluses and I do like spending time here, but there are a lot of downsides. Pros:The margaritas/bloody marys are delicious (and there is an expansive tequila selection), the amazing patio is reason alone to come here on a warm evening, its a great setup for groups, and I've heard wonderful things about the karaoke.Cons:The service here is awful. Now, I've been a cocktail server so I'm usually pretty understanding about service issues...I'm willing to give Cantina staff the benefit of the doubt that they're just chronically understaffed and not that the servers are doing a poor job. But it really shouldn't take that long to put in a drink order and, unless its a busy night, making customers get their own water (from a warm jug in the back) isn't exactly a nice touch. Also, the food here is pretty terrible. Possibly some of the worst "Mexican" I've had in the city. Finally, while the outdoor area is nice, the back room in the indoor area is kind of depressing. Very poorly lit and bare (and not in a cool, dark dive bar way).In spite of this review, I will probably keep coming here. It's not my favorite place in the world but it does fit the bill when I'm looking for a margarita on a summer evening, particularly if I'm with a large group. I just wished the rest of the experience lived up to the awesomeness of that outdoor patio.
4	Try Round Corner for happy hour on a weekday. You can get pitchers of margaritas or sangria for $19. Both are fabulous. You won't be disappointed.The guacamole is delicious, as are the chips. Note that the chips are fresh, but they are also fried, so don't go too crazy. I had the shrimp tacos, and I loved the cheesiness of them, and I also enjoyed that the tacos were made of corn and very fresh.The decor is a little bizarre, but it adds to the quaintness of the place. I will definitely be back.
2	I still don't love this place - the food is pretty bad and, when sitting on the patio, it can take forever to get a drink (I think its understaffed out there) - however I went recently the night before Thanksgiving (busiest bar night of the year) and have to say the service was awesome in the front bar and my drink was super yummy (Pimms cup). I'm not sure of the bartenders name (it was a woman with dark hair if I remember correctly) but she was great. Also, I always appreciate when I get good service even though I'm not a heavy drinker. I recognize that the bartender could focus on people racking up a higher tab (and I do feel this is often justified...service industry is seriously underpaid and you gotta do what you gotta do to make more tip money) but I didn't get this impression here. Kudos to the bartender but still eh on Cantina.
4	This is one of the first places I ever drank in Pittsburgh so I guess I'm kinda biased towards it. The food does a bit more than it should, but it's really good. The sangria is awesome and some of the cocktails are really nice, but it's pretty expensive and I hate to say it but some of the servers have a pretty bad attitude.Even though it gets crazy busy at times, it's still a really nice place to go for a quick bite and a few drinks.
5	Unique drinks and great tacos. Love the bean dip. Best in summer when you can sit outside as its quite small inside. Recommend everything except the beer with fennel...
5	Hands-down probably my favorite place to go out in Pittsburgh. It's got such a cool, hip(ster) feel with nice bartenders and an excellent space. The food is some of the best cheap Tex-Mex that I've had since I've been here, with amazing seitan tacos that I get almost every time I'm there. The chips, salsa, and amazing guac are an excellent way to start out, and the margaritas here (as well as Mad Mex) are in my opinion the best (and strongest) in the city. This place has probably the coolest and largest outdoor patio in the city, with many large tables for big groups, beautiful lights, and even at outdoor bar for all of your needs. The service at times can be slow, and it takes a while to get a drink at the front bar, but this doesn't matter too much because you will have an amazing time either way! Definitely stop by for karaoke on Thursday nights!
3	Came here and was impressed by the party, mardi gras atmosphere that the place was shaking. We ordered some drinks (which were a more than a few bucks) and tacos. The pescado tacos were filled with a little more than a fish finger which was disappointing. I wanted something hearty to fill me up. I wouldn't feel so bad about the meal but it wasn't cheap and we went somewhere else to get more sustenance.
4	We had a pleasant experience overall. David was a wonderful doorman! What a great first impression we had when we were each greeted by name as he checked our IDs. It's silly, but a small gesture like that can really make a big difference in the atmosphere.We didn't realize how small the place was. There is a bar room in the front and then a small back room with tables. The seating was first come, first served. I'm not sure if it's like that on the weekends or all of the time. Surprisingly, we didn't have to wait that long to get a table, although it is a bit cramped back there! We had a party of 4 and part of our table was inconveniently located just under the projector screen, so we had to do some shuffling to get quasi-comfortable. The service was great considering how packed the place was. We started out with a pitcher of margaritas and an order of guacamole and chips. The guac was good and a great way to start the meal. We stuck to the taco menu and everyone was very impressed with their orders. Each order comes with two small tacos, so it's a great way to sample and share! I ordered the lamb and the brisket and loved both of them! Another favorite was the slow-roast pork taco.Good service, good food! Looks like they have some great happy hour specials, I'd love to check that out sometime!
5	I LOVE this place! Great margs & so far everything I've tried from salads to fish tacos have been tasty. My favorite place to sit is out back when the weather's nice where there is an outdoor bar & tables.
4	Another one of my go to spots for good drinks and fun food.  It gets really busy here, but if you are solo or a twosome, even on the busiest weekend night I have never had to wait for more than a couple of minutes for a drink and a spot to eat either at the bar, the hightops, or a table opens up before I need another one.  The escabeche is great and I rave about the lamb barbicoa tacos regularly.
4	Monday happy hour is the best! They have happy hour specials along with half price taco's. The atmosphere is cool without trying too hard and the bartenders and waitstaff are great! This has become a go to place for me since moving here from NYC. Be sure to check out the back patio in summer months.
2	When one dines out, one is making an effort to A. Be hungry B. Get dressed (no shirt, no shoes, no service!) and C. Make their way to a restaurant where its reasonable to expect attentive, prompt service and fresh, tasty food.  Basically, I fulfilled my end of that deal and sadly the waitress we had at RCC must have been having a bad day because her whole vibe was weird... the guacamole was delicious, but after asking what caused each taco to be overly spicy we were spoken to like children... then like special children. Needless to say we decided not to try any more food since she seemed impatient to help us find options on the menu that werent too spicy, so thats the end of that tale.
4	The back porch is a great scene. Think professionals, hipsters, locals, and grad students eating, drinking, and laughing. Round Corner always has a conversational hum lifted over the flowing libations.I suggest the Pescado (Mahi) or the Puerco (Pork Belly!!!), both tacos. And get a cerveza AND a sangria. I am a thirsty boy, especially on summer nights.Good news from my last visit: The server was engaging and cool. So now the waitstaff has been intentionally rude on only 40% of my stops. That is 4 stars despite the waitstaff hating me 40% of the time. That is how much I like the Round Corner. Go. Now!
1	I was looking forward to trying this place. We walked in and asked if we needed to wait to be seated or grab a table ourselves. The bartender was pleasant and told us to grab a table. Both servers working saw us sit down, someone brought us water and menus and left. After 20 minutes waiting for someone to take our drink and appetizer order, we asked if we should order at the bar or if a server comes to our table and we were told we had a server. Again, no one stopped by while visiting with and caring for the other 3 tables seated with guests. A table say next to us and were greeted and waited on immediately getting their drinks and appetizers on the table while we waited another 10 minutes. The servers both ignored our efforts to get their attention. We left and went elsewhere. Horrible service...obviously can't comment on the food/drinks.
1	Ugh. Terrible! I went their with a group of friends for brunch and we're not exactly what you would call "hipster" and got the rudest looks from both bartenders and customers alike. Sorry we don't dress like you, but that is no excuse for the amount of shade thrown our way.  Regardless, we pressed on hoping that maybe the food is good in addition to  the service from our waiter/waitress. OH HOW WRONG WE WERE. So we get onto the patio (which is beautiful by the way, probably one of its only redeeming qualities) and after about 10 or so minutes we finally find a table BUT NO CHAIRS. No waiter/waitress was in sight! 2 of my girlfriends had to locate chairs on our own throughout the patio and place them at our table. Call me old-fashioned but shouldn't restaurant tables have ya know, chairs?!Anyway, we finally seated ourselves and waited for the waitress to take our orders. And waited. And waited. And waited. Finally she came over to our table and took our orders. She was pleasant enough so we had high hopes for our meal. Again, our meals took a very long time to come to us. I ordered the tortilla espanola which is supposed to be filled with potatoes, egg, etc. I swear it only had like 5 pieces of potato in it. One of the reasons why I got this dish was BECAUSE OF THE POTATOES! The menu description even said it had potatoes! SO WHERE ARE MY POTATOES?!  But I digress. We finished our meals and were ready to pay, but it took the waitress about 20 minutes to come get our checks. Unacceptable. Overall, I won't be going back there any time soon. Maybe they were having a bad morning, who knows? Regardless, the food was meh and the service was meh. The prices were too high for the amount of meh. As far as brunches go, I wouldn't recommend this place. At all.
2	I took my friend to dinner at the Round Corner Cantina on Saturday to celebrate her birthday. We sat on the patio, there were only two other groups of people outside.  We waited for about 15 mins for someone to simply take our drink order. We ordered 2 strawberry margaritas and 2 glasses of water and chips and salsa to start, margaritas came-no water.  We drank the margaritas waited for about another 20 mins for chips and salsa asked a very disinterested waitress if we could place a good order with her since we were abandoned by our waiter... Who was talking with the food runner and checking his iPhone... The waitress informed me that I could get my own water from a container across the patio--the other tables had carafes of water... We ordered the Puerco:it was pretty good and the Carnitas: very dry and disappointing.  This was a terrible experience and I am very disappointed! When we finished I started to walk over to get the bill so we could leave and go somewhere else to celebrate, the first waiter finally came over and said he would bring the bill.... Never apologizing or saying anything.... He then started talking to other waiters so he never brought the bill! I had to ask again! I asked for change for a $10 to tip the food runner... The jerk had the audacity to say thank you  as though I was giving HIM the money! I couldn't believe that any of this was really happening!  I finally got my change left money with the runner and got the hell out of there! The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it was a cute patio and the Puerco taco was good.  So if you want to be ignored and treated like you are bothering the waitstaff you should check this place out.
1	Been here 4 times. Every time the service was shitty and Inattentive . Even rudeThey were out of 3 things the last time we went.The drinks are very very good, all natural, no fake syrups.. The salsa is bland and they put onionss on everything.The seitan taco was very good Chips were greasy and shiny with oil. The patio is nice but attracts too many smokers
2	I wanted to like Round Corner Cantina. I really did. But I have to say, after my first visit here I'm not dying to come back.Before you even enter this place you have to deal with something that isn't really their fault: parking. And navigating traffic. On Butler Street. Always a joy! Once I managed to deal with this step and actually entered Cantina I wasn't really encouraged; the music was playing too loudly for my taste in the front room and wasn't much better in their back room, which was so dark I had to wonder how people even read their menus if they sit there. Looking for somewhere a bit quieter and brighter, my dinner companion and I headed to their outdoor patio, where we found high tables and chairs that I honestly thought I'd fall off of at some point during the meal, they were so unsteady. Fortunately that never happened, because we were right next to a part of the fence where the beams were extremely splintered - just thinking about tipping into them was painful!Unfortunately, the service did absolutely nothing to improve my opinion of the place; I watched three tables that arrived after us get service. No one ever came to our table. After we finally flagged a waitress attending to a group a couple tables over, she said she'd grab our waitress. And we waited some more. While we waited the waitress that we flagged down went ahead and brought us some water...that came in plastic cups. I shudder to imagine just how much trash this place discards every day from these cups alone...After finally ordering and waiting for what at least wasn't an unreasonable amount of time, I was able to enjoy a pretty tasty drink that came in a jar (they have jars for alcohol but not for your water?) but was disappointed with my pork tacos. The shells were kind of mushy and the sauce and toppings minimal; mine just didn't taste all that special. My dinner companion's fish tacos were actually better; I kind of wish we'd swapped.I left just feeling let down. I honestly would've been happy to forgive this place's rustic look and loud music if the service and food were a bit better, but as it is I just don't see anything here that I'd want to brave the dreaded Butler street traffic again for.
4	This place is a keeper! Went early on a Saturday evening. The front bar was full, but not crowded. However, the deck was fully packed! I had two organic margaritas and an order of the Pescado(fish) tacos. The tacos were good (a little bland for my taste), and the drinks were strong! The music they played that night was amazing, 90s rap and R&B. I don't know if people dance there, but I was ready to bust a move! The women's bathroom is set up awkwardly... You enter into a very small room with one sink, then you enter into another small room with one toilet... I hope you're not claustrophobic! All in all it was a good time!
4	I have NEVER been here when the weather was warm enough to go out onto the fabled patio.  Am I missing something?  How awesome can a patio be?  I'm sure I'll make my way there eventually, but for now I can only imagine the wonders said outdoor patio holds.Round Corner Cantina is pretty good indoors too.  My relationship with Round Corner Cantina is simple & pure. If I'm breathing, then I want tacos.  They have good tacos, and they'll bring tacos to my table in a friendly fashion.They've got good cocktails, good beer, and I think they are reasonably priced.  They have fun drink specials.I like coming here for food, I don't know if I'd come here to hang out because I feel like I'm too old for their crowd  ...although their lack of lighting could help me blend in.  In the one back room, its really dark.  So if you're on a date with someone who is not exactly a feast for the eyes, take them here.  There's tacos and it's dark.  Your situation will immediately be improved 100%.tip:  this place is ALWAYS packed.  If you LOVE to sit during happy hour, I recommend getting here early to stake your claim to a seat.
4	I love coming here, especially in the warmer months. This place has one of the best outside areas in Pittsburgh. Perfect for hanging out and relaxing with friends on the weekend or after work.Tacos - so freakin' flavorsome! I licked the juice running down my hand...Cocktails - sooo very very tasty! There's no skimping out on the alcohol here and fresh herbs make all the difference. The list is diverse with something for everyone.However, there are two down sides. Firstly,  the service is poor.  We waited nearly 10 mins for a waitress to give us menus and water. Secondly, there is ONE restroom stall. Enough said for females.
3	Go for the drinks, stay for the tacos... Just as long as they're the chorizo tacos and you're drink is the Gingerolla, because DAMN are they good!Extra points go to this place because they have a fabulous back garden and bistro tables out front in addition to the funky bar they serve drinks from. I'm a total sucker for a little al fresco drinking and dining. However, I'm deducting a couple of stars because the service, to put it delicately, is rude. It's a cute space -- funky, gritty, definitely of the hipster genre. Prices are decent and, as I mentioned, so are the drinks. It seemed to get a little clubby later on a Saturday night, but if you're up for a chill time, hit 'em up earlier in the evening and on the weeknights. Don't forget the Gingerolla!
1	I was excited when this placed opened, deterred by the initial crappy staff, then they got better people and better tasting food. Now, most of the people working there seem decent. That being said, five times in a row I've woken up the next day with insane diarrhea from the tacos. I'm talking volcanic liquid fire, the type that leveled Pompeii, pouring from my butt. It doesn't even make sense how much comes out compared to what I actually consumed.DO NOT EAT THE TACOS.Do not eat anything there just to be safe.At first  and second I thought it was just me then I thought it was the maragarita mix, so I avoided that to no avail. Then another half-off taco monday rolled around and my friends coaxed me back, but Tuesday I was late for work from the round corner cantina anal destruction. Then a friend said the seitan tacos gave her the same thing. So I only ordered the tofu tacos next time (several months later). That was last night. I woke up at 7:30a today and haven't left my bedroom/bathroom trail for 3 hours. NEVER AGAIN. (I've said this before.)My suggestions include to Cantina:1) give Imodium with the tacos (maybe sprinkle it on top crumbled like queso fresco)2) market the tacos as a 12 hour weight loss program3) include diarrhea warnings on the menu next to the tofu and seitan tacos   (I've never had the others, but my friend said the chicken does the same thing to her)This is my own fault for going back, giving into peer pressure like an after school special, and wanting tacos but being too lazy to go somewhere else or just make them.
4	One drunken night in Pittsburgh, me and some friends stopped by Round Corner Cantina, and I'm happy we did.  As for the service: It was alright, as our waitress seemed to be around enough but the back-server was a bit rude.As for the food: It was delicious, everything I wanted when drunkenly eating tacos and drinking margaritas.  The chips and guacamole were splendid.  We also ordered the tacos camarones, carnitas, and pescados.  They were great portions and were super tasty.
3	This is a place I find myself at on many a Thursdays after 9 for Karaoke.  They also have $4 sangria on special.  I love sangria and as awesome as it is served in a mason jar, it is just not good.  Very disappointing with the flavor and amount of alcohol in it.  This place is located on Butler street and super cute inside with an amazing outdoor seating area!  On my last visit we sat outside, they have plenty of seats covered and uncovered with a small outdoor bar.  We ordered a pitcher of margaritas which was a little pricey at $27 for the basic flavor but we did get about 6 glasses out of it.  It is interesting that they put OJ in all their margaritas- I like the sour taste of margaritas so the added sweetness was not for me.  The food is what you would expect at any average Mexican place in Pittsburgh. Love the queso dip and guacamole. The tacos have lots of fresh veggies. To get the most out of your visit, I recommend going in the summer to sit outside for a drink
1	If you enjoy going to a restaurant to stare at an empty table because nobody is taking your order, then this is the place for you! If you like being spoken down to because your waitress thinks you should "check your math" after giving her a 15 percent tip (after she was rude to you and ignored your table all night), by all means, stop on by!Seriously, the drinks are ok, but the waitstaff diminishes anything positive about this place with their terrible attitudes. Absolute garbage.
1	Such a disappointment. When my girlfriend and I stopped there for drinks it wasn't chaotic and the food smelled fantastic. When our party of six went for a late dinner (9pm) it was one of the least enjoyable dining experiences I've had in Pittsburgh. We wanted to eat on the patio, which we quickly figured out was 'seat yourself'. This is where it turned into The Hunger Games. Everyone standing around hawkishly waiting for a table. You make some friends and alliances to get the job done, survive and get a table. While we waited in the middle of this half open air Thunderdome I made my way to the bar to grab a libation. This might be how they keep you busy. The seemingly infinitely patient couple in front of me and I waited for a solid ten minutes before...well whatever the hell was going on was situated and we were asked for our order. Just to stretch my legs, another 5 minutes for 2 sangria, which I will say that both the red and the white are fantastic. I digress. We finally won the pity of a family from District 1 who made sure to tell us they were leaving to show their commitment to bestow upon us they're semi-primo series of three small tables pushed together saving us from having to shoulder block the 2 middle aged woman to my right from swooping in to protect the Cornucopia. Tables. Then the hunt for 2 more chairs was on. This is the point in the final few minutes of "The Games" where you expect all the kids to turn on each other. We made enemies. We made friends. You never know how good a person really is till times are dire and you need their help. Our party was complete. Pressed in together snugly on three sides of the tables haphazardly pressed up against the rail (one of the long sides mind you) while the "DON'T MOVE THE FURNITURE" sign daunted overhead. We've sat. We've ordered. War is hell. Really enjoyed that first half hour. Now I'm excited. The guacamole and salsa are both so amazing they may have been touched by Guy Feiri's frosted tips and blessed by Pope Frank on their way out if the kitchen. Maybe the fight is part of the experience Makes you tougher. Makes you hard. Maybe this is going to be an experience where I learn this lesson that changes my current course of life by telling me that patience pays off and the fish tacos I ordered will send my brain into a slow-motion running, shit blowing up in the background scene from a Michael Bay movie frenzy. Sadly, no. The fish taco was as greasy as my soul and the bill was higher than my blood pressure on that day last week where I couldn't find a parking spot in the casino garage. The casino parking garage. Someone has to be working against you to have that kinda frustration. Can that dude with the truck open somewhere with seats please?
5	Great food.  Loved the various tacos and the hotdog.  The corn was fantastic too.  The lamb and beef taco was great.  I would come here again.
1	Had thee worst server ever... She started off sweet but as the night went on she had an attitude she didn't get the drink I ordered not one but two times, I had to go to the bar. I asked to return the food I ordered and she made a smart remark about me eating two. My friend had one and I of course ate one but just didn't like them. 5 of the 7 of us that were there are servers ourselves and we know if you have an attitude you don't show it to customers, that's how you make tips. No one at our table was rude so her attitude was unnecessary I was highly disappointed in the service that we received.
3	SUPER cheap drinks (well, compared to what I am used to in Chicago anyways) & they make 'em strong! Thankfully, the patio in the back was open. It was super cute, quiet-ish, & overall really chill. I cannot imagine going here during winter though because they have virtually no indoor space, so it must get uncomfortably packed. Also inside the music is disproportionately loud in relation to the size of the space.
4	I love grabbing drinks here with friends. Really relaxing, fun atmosphere. I've enjoyed the food but wouldn't necessarily come here to get dinner. I have found it to be pretty pricey and not really worth it. Great happy hour specials.
3	Rude and miserable staff, but a great atmosphere other than that. I love this place, but seriously thinking about not going anymore just because of frigid employees.  F$@king hipsters.
4	Saturday night was my first time at the Cantina.I must say, when I first walked through the front door I was very confused to the identity of this restaurant/bar.  As I walked through the dining room and stepped onto the back patio I quickly realized the vibe they are going for.  The atmosphere was great, it felt like a backyard BBQ! The place was so chill and laid back. I appreciated the decor and the lighting.  It was perfect.We were immediately greeted by a waitress and ordered a round of drinks.  She recommended me a margarita, the El Rey. It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was strong and that's how margaritas should be. We also ordered chips and guacamole for the group and we all ordered tacos.  Brisket was my taco of choice and it was good. We had a great evening talking and enjoying our drinks and food.  It was a great little place and I would go back.  Perfect place to sit and visit with friends.5 stars- for atmosphere3 stars- for food4 stars- for drinks4 stars- for serviceWill recommend to my friends visiting the Lawrenceville area!!Also, after reading some other reviews I'd like to add that I was here with my 65 year old father, 59 year old mother, and 24 year old brother. We were treated like every other table and had excellent service. EVERYONE enjoyed themselves!
2	Pretentious and overrated.  Also overrun by hipsters but its location sort of invites that. The few times I've been here, the staff was super slow and forgetful. Food wise,  I've had better tacos from street vendors for less money. After hearing people RAVE about this place, I was really disappointed.
1	TIP: READ UN-RECOMMENDED REVIEWS (in light gray under the recommended views) they more accurately describe the type of service and experience that this establishment has to offer.My friends and I went here for brunch on a Sunday. We could feel the hipster-non-conformist-death-beams hitting the back of our necks as soon as we parked on Butler Street and the the glares didn't stop once we entered the establishment. Apparently caring about ones appearance is a crime warranting death in Hipsterville. I mean the people there stared at us as if they had a vested interest in the clothing we wore. I'm sorry that I didn't fit into the standards of pseudo-individualism that the Nazi hipsters have clearly tried so hard to establish throughout the neighborhood. Anyway, once we got around the pack of scowling hipsters standing in the front doorway (with their standard large black-rimmed glasses, unkempt hair, and rolled trousers) we made our way through the nearly pitch-black front room and to the open back patio. We stood for a minute or two feeling the palpable hatred of almost all of the other patrons (and some staff members) weighing down on us. We finally figured out that we would have to seat ourselves after several staff members pushed their way past us to get to the doorway. I have no problem seating myself, but I didn't expect to have to bring my own chair to the table. When my two heel-clad friends were finally able to pull up five chairs (while the rest of us viciously protected an empty table) we sat down to wait for a server. About 20 minutes after we entered the place someone finally addressed our group. Our first waitress threw down the menus and walked away without even offering to bring us water. It was hot so we flagged down another waitress and asked her for water, because the small water dispensers at the back of the patio were empty. We sat for another 15 minutes and the second server finally brought us water and took drink and food orders. After another 40 minutes we received our food, but the drinks came about 10 minutes later. I got the fish tacos from the brunch menu and thought that they were pretty good. Another friend got the Chorizo Scramble, which was almost void of potatoes although the menu clearly listed potatoes as a main ingredient. One of my friends got a virgin version of a beverage and was charged the same amount as the alcoholic version, but she didn't bother complaining. All in all the food was okay, but I've had better for less. The stares and AWFUL service had us wanting to run out of the place ASAP. Of course we couldn't leave, because our first server took another 20 minutes to bring out our checks which we quickly paid and went sprinting for the exit before the glares finally burned holes through our clothing. I WON'T BE GOING BACK!
1	Waitress was rude because our party was 6 people. When we paid with 3 cards and $20, she only took $10 off the bill and split the balance, giving herself an extra $10 tip on top of her 18% gratuity. Never going there again.
1	Sarah the bartender is an absolute nasty person. She couldn't smile and was super rude. I wouldn't come back soley because service was terrible.
3	Love this place for food, drinks, atmosphere... but the service needs some major work.Went for brunch the other day and it was pretty poor service. I should mention the food was FANTASTIC... but we had to ask for everything, like salt, pepper, silverware, cream, sugar... and the waitress seemed to be burdened by the fact that we were asking (and in some cases, needed to ask again). There was a male waiter though who was very pleasant and helpful when he came over. I realize this is not a fancy place and is going for more of the hipster vibe (it's obvious)... and I'm not one to hate on hipsters... and that's not the point. Wait staff, no matter the vibe of the place... should be paying closer attention to customers' needs to ensure a pleasant experience, and less on rolling silverware and catching up with one another. Also the tall chick tending bar in the front ALWAYS has a nasty attitude when I ask her anything. Generally with any females I've ever been to the bar with, too. Not sure what she's like to guys.... either way, it's really a bad reflection of the place. But I have no complaints about the drinks...FOOD - order the churros... and the chilaquiles for breakfast are amazingly delicious. the tacos aren't that great, though. the quesadillas are good but nothing to write home about.
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, great food! Does get crowded, so be prepared to wait a bit to be seated
4	I've been a few times for tacos and beverages with friends. Their Monday night taco special is awesome. Margaritas are great, too. Bartenders are nice and attentive, even when crazy busy.
4	Drinks were great.  My friend and I sat out back on the patio which was really nice.  The first time I had sat inside and it was really noisy due to the small space.  It does always seem to be busy there, but we've always gotten a seat.I've had:chips and salsa, which are delicious.  Their salsa is really good.  Tastes like the salsa I always loved when I lived in California.papas con coliflor - i'd definitely order this again.  puerco- this came out as one piece of pork belly, and it was really fatty, which I get, but it was hard to eat.  I think it would taste better if they cubed it.  sangria was really tasty.  I also had the angelita. It was ok, but I wasn't into the flavor pairing.
3	I've been to Cantina a few times and every time I go I'm in love. This joint has grade A food and the drinks are on point. Definitely one of my favorite places to seek out. The service is typically perfect. I love how the waitstaff is straight foward, not ass kissey, and on their stuff. My recent experience wasn't really on par as my other times. To be honest, when I walk in, I never know if I'm allowed to seat myself. I love how in the patio there's a sign, it'd be really cool to have one up front just cause walking into a place one's never been into can be a sensitive moment. Anywho, we sat down and waited 7 minutes to be greeted and our waitress didn't really give me her name. Anywho ordered our stuff. Our order was messed up but she didn't check back, so we  hailed her, she fixed it, was really cool about it. We got the right food and no napkins, she didn't check back, so we got resourceful.  Finally when we finished, she came back and cashed us out. Food and drinks were on point, service this time was eh, but seriously people, go to this joint. It'll still be one of my favorites despite the recent experience. I just think check backs would have made it so much better, but eh, no one's perfect.
2	Way overrated! Very limited menu,  basically all you have to choose from are appetizers & tacos. They do not serve rice or any sides with your meal. Super small portions. I can't remember the last time I left a restaurant hungry, until tonight. I've had better tacos from a street vendor. Over price sangria that tasted like I was drinking watered down grape juice. Took forever to get our check. I was with a party of 6 and not one of us would return. VERY disappointing!
5	Cantina! I LOVE this place!The patio is amazing. They updated it a few years ago and it is incredible now. The front bar also has a really cool vibe to it, and the back room is good for large groups and dinner.The food here is really actually very good! I used to just come here for drinks, but the brunch menu is to die for, and the dinner and late-night food is notable as well. Very vego friendly, with veggie taco options and other snacks and sides, all which are worth trying at some point. The red salsa that comes with chips is super sweet and spicy, but the guacamole is my favourite to go with a meal or as a snack. For a while there, my friends and I were Cantina guac addicts.The drinks are cheap, especially for a place with as nice an atmosphere as Cantina. The margarita menu has everything you could ever dream of at a Mexican bar, and I've tried them all. The El Camino and the strawberry one are my favourite. The beers are also cheap, with lots of local and Mexican selections available. They have micheladas, too, but I have yet to try them because I can't seem to stop ordering margaritas here even when I try to tell myself to order something new.Thursday karaoke night is worth checking out. You don't have to sing, just go and enjoy it. There are mad drink specials that night, too.
3	I mean honestly.....Could the service/servers at this place be any worse if they TRIED?? Every time we have been here, we get stuck with a miserable, personality-less waitress.  Seating is hard to find if you go during a busy time, and you feel like more of a hassle or burden to the people than a customer.Regardless, I love tacos. I crave them at all hours of the day.  Especially fish tacos, and this place has my favorite fish tacos in Pittsburgh.  We usually order fish, shrimp and chorizo.  Made the mistake of ordering the chicken tacos recently and I will never make that mistake again.I'm personally not a huge fan of their confusing extensive drink menu filled with things Ive never heard of before, and the corona last time we went was canned and room temperature.  No bueno.  Have had their sangria and margs before which were pretty good.If you want decent food in a different atmosphere, this is your place...but don't come if you are easily offended  - because their wait staff is honestly miserable lol
1	A five star restaurant for me is a place firing on all cylinders, with great food and flawless friendly service. Each star down usually involves some sacrifice in these areas, with one star being bad at both. This is the first time I'm writing a review that is one star entirely because of service, because the food itself isn't bad. But the service was awful to the point that it is worth my time to warn people away after my experience there this event. I went in with a few friends for some drinks and snacks at the bar. I'm not sure what his problem was but the bartender was a complete jerk. Service was slow for us food wise and that normally isn't an issue but someone tending bar should be friendly and accommodating not snappy and rude for no reason. We weren't the only ones with an issue, as the bartender decided to yell across the restaurant at another party, making rude remarks about a patron and ordering her to leave. It was like being transported into the soup Nazi episode of Seinfeld and completely shocked us. This place must be doing great if they can afford to have an employee ordering clearly sober and not disorderly customers to leave and put off other customers in the process. It's rare to see a place throw money away like that but after seeing how that lady was treated and after the attitude my group got, they won't be having me back even if their food isn't bad. I can cook at home, I go out to eat for the experience and the service, and Cantina proved that they don't need customers or don't want them, I'm not sure which. I won't be recommending then to anyone now, and after putting on this type of display, I doubt I'm the only person who was put off.
