5	I'm not one to give stars lightly.  I was first introduced to Chino Bandido (or 'Chinos', as it's affectionately called by its regulars) by some friends of ours.  It was explained to me that it was a cross between Chinese food and Mexican food.  I'm sure you might be saying 'Huh?' right about now.Trust me on this one.  They have the most amazing burritos, quesadillas, and beans.  They have anywhere from very mild (teriyaki chicken) to really spicy (cuban black beans).  They have amazing fried rice and carnitas.  It all comes together in what can only be described as an addicting concoction.  My stomach is grumbling as I write this ... just at the thought of this place.  They actually have die-hard regulars that have written poems and music about their food.  (Poems and music!)Don't come here for the ambiance.  It's a hole in the wall.  Don't let that scare you.  Walk right up to the counter, tell them that you've never been there before, and prepare yourself to be taken on a tour of the food.  Seriously -- they'll give you samples so you know what you like!No, I'm not joking.They have quite a lunch crowd during the week.  (For some reason, engineers just flock to this place).  Come either around 11:00 or after 1:00 to beat the lunch crowd.
5	anyone who's either mexican or is married to someone who's mexican knows one of the world's great hidden truths: mexicans love chinese food. maybe it's the fact that historucally mexico has had a high amount of chinese immigrants (mexicali, baja california used to be 91% chinese) or maybe it's the fact that both populations have had a history of being used as cheap imported labor and then kicked out of the US (Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, here we come again!) but there's no denying that when mexican families go out for a nice dinner, there will be chop suey involved.i think the owner of Chino Bandido is somehow in on this secret, and has exploited this to great effect. they figured out that orange chicken, refried beans, and fried rice do, in fact, go great together.don't think too much about it, just go there and try anything. tell the person at the counter that it's your first time there, and they'll give you free samples.
5	I've been a Chino junkie the past couple weeks.  It's so good!  I love their veggie quesadilla... and you get a big, soft Snickerdoodle with your meal too.This place isn't much to look at, but it's clean and well maintained.  Go experience the Mexican/Chinese fusion for yourself!
5	This may be the best fast-food place in the valley. It's amazing that Chino Bandido has been around for almost 2 decades and it hasn't been franchised across the country. I guess the location has something to do with it... it's out of the way and just perfect to keep it somewhat of a secret.  Somehow their Mexican, Chinese, Caribbean, and other Asian choices all seem to blend together beautifully. Finish it off with a Snickerdoodle and you've had yourself one delicious, albeit not so healthy, meal.
5	You can't go just once to Chino.  It just doesn't work that way.  Your first time there they'll walk you though the whole process and let you sample all the different flavors they have of meat and even rice and beans.  You're thinking - wow this is great - free appetizers.  Oh no.  What really just happened is "they got you". Oh yes.  Because no matter how good your food was, you'll be wondering... Hmmm... I wonder how that would have been as a burrito?  Or, wow, that other one might have been fun as a quesadilla.  Or, wow, I didn't realize I'd burn my mouth on that, maybe next time I won't try to look like a big dog in front of the honeys.  Something like that.Kids love going to Chino.  The giant panda bandito statue is meant to be climbed on and loved.  They have a kids menu too - which is so important. Sue, the location kinda looks like a hole in the wall, but who doesn't love hole in the wall places???
4	The reviews are all right-on.  The jade red chicken and carnitas with chinese fried rice and with black beans were really good.  And the savory snickerdoodle with every order is a sweet touch!For first timers they walk you through the ordering process which can be a bit tricky with all of the particulars of filling out the sheet (sushi bar style, but with special letters and charts).  One less star for the dank and gross dining area (cool panda vaquero mural, btw), but other than that this place is solid.  Sorry, don't feel comfortable giving 5 stars to a place with dirty floors and sinking ceilings. And for those curling their lips at the thought of combining the two cuisines, look at any Chinese restaurant in the area - it's most likely a Mexican cooking Chinese food anyways....
5	This place is a Phoenix gem.  The food is a great fusion of chinese and mexican.  They serve it up is an amazing array of  combinations.  Make you you get some of the samples that are always being offered.Things to try: Jade Red Chicken, Pollo Diablo (this one is great in a quesadilla, Machaca (in a burrito), and the Jerk Chicken.  For sides thing outside of the box and get the black beans and jerk fried rice.And of course, their snickerdoodles make a great finish.....
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the valley!I have been eating at this most excellent hole-in-the-wall since 1994 - when they were quite small. The food is an ecclectic mix of Chinese, Mexican and a little bit of the Caribbean.If you are a newbie - let them know when you come in, and they will give you a taste of the main items on the menu.I particularly like the Chinese BBQ Pork and the Jade Red Chicken served with pork fried rice and black beans...my wife lives on the spicier side of life and likes the Pollo Diablo (Devil Chicken) and Jerk Chicken (Not quite like we've had in Jamaica - but still quite good).Every meal comes with a fresh baked and large cookie.It is a kid friendly environment and is full of regulars who swear by the place - we have friends who used to drive from Chandler every Saturday just to eat at Chino - for the last year or two there has been a location in Chandler so they don't have to burn so much gas.Chino proves that a restaurant doesn't have to have any Michelin stars to be a local favorite!
5	I am knocking this place off by funding a location here in effen SF.I am calling it... El Chino Bandito.  Instead of a mexican panda, I'm using a Chinese iguana with chinkie eyes.  He'll still carry two BIG guns a la John Woo and he'll be standing on a magic carpet cuz there'll be curry dishes too.http://www.chinobandido.com/story.htmlI shouldn't Yelp when I'm hungry
5	My Big Bang Theory.....Imagine if you will......A food court Food fight.....somewhere among the chaos a Quesidila and rice bowl Collide!....That's in my imagination how Chinos came to be.....In this great Hole in the wall place You can mix and match not just Flavors but entire cuisines....want a Sweet and sour Burrito...sure......Jerk Chicken in your rice bowl.... what ever you want....Oh as a side note watch for them on Food Network on the Dinners and dives show....I love getting Emerald and Red Jade Quesidillas...makes me feel a little Healthier...then the Burritos....The staff is really good at explaining things, Eddie  was extremely helpful.....and Cookies are a great treat....They have more options then a Crayola box....don't get intimidatedGo in try the samples......feel free to eat out side the lines.....
5	See this review...this one right here --- http://www.yelp.com/biz/chino-bandido-takee-outee-inc-phoenix#hrid:ixXlWZeXHnrLY4Y5Gyx8jQ      ....well, I'm part of that group that Brian worked with and religiously make our way to Chino Bandino from Tempe to Phoenix, way before the Chandler location.I was in Phoenix for Christmas and somehow Chino came up.  My brother's ear perked up and a smile came across his face at the prospect of Mexican and Chinese together.We went on the day after Christmas and it was the quietest I've ever seen the place.  Fine with me...more for me!  As usual, everything was tasty.  Oh, how I love you Jade Red Chicken Quesadilla and black beans.  I just can't quit you!And the snickerdoodles, of coure, I love you too!
5	I know you can't stay away from this place, but don't go to Chino's for lunch. Seriously.  It's packed.  You have to wait in line forever.  Go for dinner..... I'm convinced that the food here is truly addictive.  I have tried to stay away, but i can't.  The carnitas and egg foo yung keep calling my name.  I have been known to bring their volcano cookies and a pound of just about any entree to potluck dinners.I like to take "Chino Virgins" there so that they can taste from the sample selection.  Then I watch them get all confused when they have to choose just 1 or 2 things.  (I'm easily entertained.)Try this.  Emerald chicken Quesedilla with sour cream and lettuce. mmmm foodgasms.
4	I love the Chinos for lunch. I Love it even more for dinner (you see the distinction? I used a capitol "L"). There are always wonderful Mexican-Chinese fusion plates, but there are actually available tables to sit at for dinner. To some, this combination may sounds like heaven and to others, a gut-bomb, but no matter.....You must go and try it. It is impossible not to fall in love! I am not sure where "jerk" spices originated, but the food is infused with those tasty flavors as well. If you have never been to the Chinos before, don't fret. There are samples available of just about everything on the menu. Also, you may want to have the staff walk you through how to order on your first visit, as the process can be a bit confusing. Each meal is topped off with a cookie, usually snicker doodle, but if you are really lucky, you may be blessed with a chocolate lava. Best wishes and go hungry!
4	My husband and I love this place and often bring out-of-towners here because, hey, where else can you get Chinese/Mexican/Jamaican food? It's completely unique.  The food is good, filling, an inexpensive.  As a vegetarian, I don't have tons of options, but I normally get the veggie salad as a quesadilla (which is terrific) and the egg foo yung (without meat - even mentioned on the menu as an option).  I LOVE their black beans - I'm not sure what they do to them, but they are tasty and slightly spicy.   I also like being able to get plain white rice with my order.  And the snickdoodle cookies are SO GOOD!
5	dear god what did i do to deserve some thing as wonderful as chino's?once i got past the exterior i was so pleasantly rewarded with one of the most delicious meals i have ever eaten in my life. the mexican/chinese on the same plate is quality.
5	I used to live right around the corner from the N PHX location.  DANGEROUS!I love the menus!  Pick and choose what you want.  I always get the jade chicken with the spicy chicken and black beans.  Always a container of black beans to go, too!And snickerdoodles!  Who can resist????????????
4	Holy cow I finally found spicy jerk chicken. Do not...I repeat, do not order the jerk chicken and the red diablo together with jerk fried rice, all were delicious, but together it felt like I had swallowed a live wolverine. I love the combinations here.the girl got teriaki and red jade chicken which i tried and both were also quite yummy.The only regret I have is not ordering a dozen snickerdoodles to go. Jesus those things taste like angels! We will be back far too often i am sure.
4	I'm sitting here just perplexed! I cant believe I haven't Yelped about Chino until now! Ive been coming here for years and years since its so close to my work.. what have I been smoking?! I don't have much to add but this.. chile relleno burrito.. you've never had a gut bomb until you've tried this one! Cheese stuffed into a green chile.. battered in crumbs then deep fried until hot and crispy then it's wrapped into a tortilla with more melted cheese.. who knew you could pack so much goodness into a burrito?! Mmm, goodness!
3	Chino is a cool place to take someone who has never been there before.  It's strange and fascinating.  I live fairly close by and the food is fine, but it certainly doesn't blow your mind.  It's the kind of place that I get that Chino craving then I don't need to go for another 6 months or a year.  The snickerdoodles are great and come with the meal.  Expect to pay close to $10 a person if you get a drink with your meal.
2	I've eaten at the 19th and Greenway (original) location for years. Loved their Pollo Diablo and jerk-fried rice. However, several months ago I ordered a half dozen of their snickerdoodle cookies and both my wife and I got severe food poisoning from them which knocked us out for the entire weekend. I give them two stars because of the fact that they're unique and I enjoyed their food for a long time with no problems, but places like this only get one chance with me and I will never eat there again. In addition, they raised their prices to over $10 per combo plate when you get a drink, and that's on the pricey side for what you get. Not worth any more than about $6. Summary - this place is off the table for me, but if you're willing to risk food poisoning and you like swiftly-prepared spicy food, give it a shot. Guy Fieri seemed to like it (it was reviewed on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives not too long ago). Definitely a dive IMO - and I second a previous reviewer's comment - "are we in a cafeteria?"
4	Chino Bandido would be legendary if it were walking distance to ASU or any major university. It is everything that a great college restaurant should be cheap, unique, quick, kinda dirty and it has sense of humor about itself. That being said it's not a college establishment rather its buried in the northern suburbs of Phoenix (there is a Chandler location as well) in a boring intersection that outside of Chino Bandido has nothing of interest. But the food is good especially when considering the price. The jade chicken is a good safe pick for first timers but i think the jerk chicken is the best, however it has some kick. I also like the pollo diablo but heed the warning it is very spicy. The carnitas was ok but if i got it again it would be in a burrito as it seems shredded beyond being served in a bowl. As for the ordering system it seems unnecessarily efficient (assuming the customers can figure it out). I've never noticed a line out the door that would put the system to good use but it hardly takes anything away from the place other than it is difficult to ask the employees what is good or what the hell 'B' means. If it is your first time look for another customer to help you out or go to the website, it explains the process.
5	I fly to Phoenix at least once or twice a year just to eat here!  That's how incredible the food is at Chino's!I love the different varieties of dishes they have and the fun way they put everything together based on how you like it and how you want it - w/ rice, wrapped in a tortilla, made into a burrito, etc.  It's a great idea - like playing with food.The best things are the emerald chicken, jade chicken, jen red pork, jerk fried rice, and I absolutely LOVE the beans here...and the funny thing is I really dislike any type of beans...it's crazy how good Chino's is.  One more thing I love here is the chile rellano...it's so tasty...and completely to-die-for!Not to mention, I LOVE the cookies they make and give away with the meal.  The cookie itself can be sold at a high end gourmet store for more $2-$3 a piece (just imagine cookies 100x  better tasting than Mrs. Field's)I envy people who live in Phoenix because they have this incredible gem right in town.  This is an awesome find - great "hole in the wall" serving super yummy food (and by the way not like super greasy or oily Chinese).
3	I feel like a racist when I eat here.  Maybe it's the panda bear dressed as Pancho Villa.  Maybe it's the REST of the name (Chino Bandido Takee-Outee).  Maybe it's the fact that I giggled when I saw both.  I don't know.  I just feel bad about it.That said, the food is actually pretty good.  It certainly won't blow your mind, but getting a Chinese chicken dish with Spanish rice is an experience to savor.  The snickerdoodle is cool, too.  One big drawback?  An incomparably confusing ordering system that leaves even Mensa minds with a headache.  For better or worse, this is a restaurant that has never heard the word, "no."
5	This is for sure a hole in the wall kind of place.  However, places like this have the best food!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Red Jade Chicken! I highly recommend this place. This place could use some new tables and a fresh coat of paint but the food is amazingly delicious!!! Make sure you try the cookies..MMM!!
2	Okay I went WAAAAY out of my way to check out this place after reading the great YELPs about it, and when I saw that Food Network Star Guy Fieri covered it on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.  Must be FAB, right?   Not so much.  First, the service - if it can be called that - is remarkably apathetic.   When you are standing directly in front of a cashier for 5 minutes or more, and you have to actually say, "um, could I order?" before they are aware you are standing there, I think this is a symptom of a service issue.   Second, it just doesn't seem CLEAN in there; our tables were dirty and there is an off smell in the place.   And third, the food was OKAY but not amazing or awesome in any way.  Now for the disclaimer - I'm not totally qualified to judge any restaurant that serves a majority of meat-based dishes because I am vegetarian.   And my date that evening, who does eat meat, liked his.   But yawn on all the things I could eat - boring, greasy, served waaaay too slowly.  And it wasn't even very busy.   So basically I would say I was disappointed and for those of you who live 25 miles from this place like I do, don't waste the gas! ! !
4	Eating at Chino Bandido is not just dinner it's an adventure!  When you mention it is your first time dining at Chino Bandido a friendly staff member will give you the "tour of taste" allowing you to sample nearly all of there meats.  They will also explain to you all of the different ways that you can order up your meal and if the order sheet is too confusing they will even fill it out for you.Yes, Chino Bandido is a hole in the wall (One of the reasons it is so cool.). Yes the food is fatty (In a good way, it's Chinese/Mexican for crying out loud). Yes, the name is funny (Chino Bandido takee-Outee).  Yes, my friends and I had to take  a picture with the giant panda in a sombrero but you should too!
5	If Chino's had a location in Los Angeles, it would make a killing.  Styrofoam casual, inexpensive, and packed with flavor.  I don't know if fusion food can be said to be "authentic," but the menu here is so personal and potent, it tastes like an undiscovered national cuisine.  I no longer live in Phoenix but make a special effort to eat here anytime I visit.
5	Takee-Outee...they say...i guess that's how asians say take out?! Aside from the half racism associated with this place, the food, service, and theme were 5 yelp stars worthy. I had my reservations about coming to this place, but my friend suggested we come here during our Glendale trip (yes we took a road trip from Glendale to Glendale...how cool are we?!) because he had heard about this place from Diners Driveins and Dives show on Food Network. I like that show and I expected good food with large quantities...because that's what I think of when I remember that show. So we got into the place which is a very not pretentious looking restaurant. It had a decent sized eating area with cafeteria style tables and chairs and a large ordering area with pictures and two different counters so that you can sample the different dishes. A lot of Pandas in some kind of guerilla gear with bullets, grenade guns, and everything. When I saw the menu, I already knew what I wanted...something super Chinese food like, and something super Mexican food like...I got their Jade Red Chicken and Carnitas. I got them plain, but you could put any of their items into a quesadilla or a burrito. Because we went with a large group, I got to try their Emerald Chicken, Jerk Chicken, and their Machaca in different burrito and quesadilla styles. Placed my order and got my food with pork fried rice and beans inside some huge pie tin...i guess these hold about 2 pounds worth of food. Everything was really good...Jade Red Chicken...i think i could eat this every time I make my way out to the greater Phoenix area...it is like Panda's orange chicken, but less greasy feeling and doesn't have a chicken flavor...i guess the comparison comes with the texture. The carnitas was just like I would expect at any Mexican food places in the greater LA area, which was good. Moist, chewy, all that. the Emerald chicken was also good because of its salty thing that comes with it. OH! and another great thing about this place...I got to wash down the meal with fountain Diet Dr. Pepper!!!!! Hard to find that here in LA, just as surprising as when I went to a place with Coke Zero or Orange Bang offered as fountain drinks...ended up taking a picture with their mascot....cuz i'm a panda too.
4	What can I say about Chino that hasn't been said already? I was introduced by a couple of IT geek friends - yes, it really is a geek hotspot, with good proximity to some of the biggest IT employers in the Valley. I was initially intimidated by the ordering system, but it's really not that difficult after a couple-three repetitions (and believe me, after one visit you WILL be back). The samples were invaluable in helping me understand the different flavors and textures.And oh my %DEITY%, what flavors and textures. Whether you like it mouth-scorchingly hot or mild and sweet or both at the same time, Chino has something for you. The ambience? Frankly, who cares? It's a low-class dive and that's how the regulars like it. Bring on the grub and let the peeling walls and stained floors look after themselves.I live 49.6 miles from Chino North and even further from the Chandler location, and I still make a point of taking my daughter there monthly. I usually get Jade Red Chicken, Jen Red Pork, pork fried rice and black beans (with Sobe Lean from the fountain because, you know, I'm just that health-conscious), but I've tried everything on the menu and it's all great.Seriously, if you've never been, you need to at least give Chino a try. Just be warned, it's addictive. About the only thing that could make it better is if they delivered.PS: VOLCANO COOKIES FTW.
5	Let me just say, Jade Red Trifecta! That includes Jade red chicken, jade red quisadilla, jade red burrito. To answer your question, No I do not  eat all of this. I do know of a few people that do. If you haven't tried this place you have to. It definitely has some character. Put aside the bad decor and you have got a  one of a kind restaurant. Hopefully you will be there on a volcano cookie day. Happy Eating!
5	I started out on the suicide plate  and I'm still here.   I think I just have to accept it that I've either burned out my palette or  the general public can't tell really spicy from  a hole in the ground.  It's not a macho thing  peppers are my anti drug. :)   You get the heart racing, cold sweats  , paranoia that you're never coming down. So while this one isn't  Bava or Choco   the Panda is still good  shit.    The taste tour and instructions on filling out the menu are a very nice introduction to what one reviewer has called  a  food court fight.   I have to agree.I came from Scotland and in the afternoon the Chinese  restaurants opened, yep  Chinese food was an evening  item. The first time I say it in a mall  at 10am I just had to have it, it just wasn't done , not very.. British:)  Neither was mixing it with an order from the Italian, I could have invented Mamma Bandidos years back:D   Keeping that history in mind I was so ready to love this place after reading the reviews. After   Pollo Diablo, Jerk rice, Jerk Chicken and the black bean plate I  will   marry this store if Prop 102 doesn't mess that up too.  I'll still cheat on her with Pizza a Metro but  I think the Italian part will understand:)Ok the pollo diablo  was  crispy better than any buffet attempt  , or most  low to mid chinese eateries  not tough in the middle , full of garlic and  damn it's good. So good that I am glad the recipe for that is up on the Food Network site and plan to make this soon. The rice and beans on their own are again better than I expected it.  They are doing better rice than most Mexican, better stir fry than most Chinese and better jerks than a team of Jamaican weightlifters.    In short  I don't care about the canteen feeling , the cutlery  or the  tin dishes ( hand to pop a lid on to take leftovers in ..should I ever leave any)  The sum of these parts really adds up to a greater whole in the Wall  and my smile can , I believe , be seen from space.    J
4	==What Happens Every Time I Suggest Chino Bandido For Lunch At Work==An educational tragicomedy by Jetta(An office setting. Phones are ringing. Nobody seems to notice.)JETTASo, since I'm running out and getting lunch, I say we do Chino Bandido.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHChino Bandido, what's that?JETTAIt's this Chinese/Mexican fusion place on 19th and Greenway.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHChinese and Mexican? What, like they put sweet and sour chicken in a burrito?JETTAWell, their menu's a little more diverse than that, but sure, that example is sufficient.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHThat sounds fucking disgusting! Putting Chinese food with Mexican food, that's just weird, man! JETTAWell, I like it. So it's either that or you get your own lunch.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHYou're serious though, you can get like Chinese food in a tortilla?JETTAAlright, so here's how it breaks down. They have 14 different "entree" selections. You can get them in a burrito form or a quesadilla form. If you get a combination, you can two entrees with some fried rice and beans, though I just opt for a double order of fried rice because I can't stand beans (it's a texture thing, it's why I won't eat mushrooms).RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHUm, okay. Can you get me two bean burritos?JETTANo.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHWhat, they don't have bean burritos?JETTANo, they do. But I'm not getting you anything from there if that's all you're going to get.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHWhy not?JETTABecause you're an adult. You might as well go to Red Lobster and order the chicken fingers. If you're not going to order off the menu like a grown up, I'm not getting you lunch. Besides, you can get bean burritos at the cafeteria for cheaper.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHOkay, at least tell me this...do they have Chinese people working behind the counter?JETTAI'm not sure. I didn't ask any of them for their passport. But they do make a mean jade red chicken. That's Chinese enough for me. What do you care, anyway? You eat at Olive Garden all the time.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHThat's because I'm Italian.JETTAYeah but the people who make the food there aren't.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHGood point.JETTALook, are you going to get something or not?RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHI don't know what to get.JETTAHere, we keep some of their menu forms here. Fill it out. Hurry. I'm hungry and full of artificially occurring hormones.10 MINUTES LATER...RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHUm...I think I filled it out.JETTALet me see...no, you most certainly did not fill this out. You just put a bunch of checkmarks next to things. Fuck it. I'm ordering for you. Hope you like what I get you.1 HOUR LATER....RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHHey, is this quesadilla supposed to have cheese in it?JETTAIf there's cheese in it, I think it's safe to say it belongs there.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHOh. That's cool. I mean, it's good. It's really good. I just, you know, not used to having cheese with...uh...what's in this quesadilla anyway?JETTABBQ Pork, I think. The burrito is Pollo Diablo. RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHWhat's that?JETTAYou took four years of Spanish. You tell me.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHOkay...well, anyway, it's good. I mean, it's different, but I like it, I guess. TWO DAYS LATER...RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHJetta, you wanna make a Chino Bandido run?JETTADude, I just clocked in like ten minutes ago.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHOh. Okay. I'll give it a few more minutes then. I'm craving it like mad, though.DIFFERENT N00B I WORK WITHWhat's Chino Bandido?RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHOh man, it's this awesome, like, Mexican and Chinese, what's the word, oh yeah, fusion place.DIFFERENT N00B I WORK WITHMexican and Chinese? That sounds gross, dude.JETTAI'll be right back guys. I'm going to go powder my nose. With a gun.RANDOM N00B I WORK WITHHa ha! You said that last week during the staff meeting.
3	Tried Chino for the first time today. I was craving something really flavorful and "dirty", and through recommendation of a friend wound up here. I ordered the Jade Red Chicken bowl with Pork Fried Rice. All I can say is "Meh, it was alright". The chicken was pretty good, although it left a terrible aftertaste in my mouth (I'm still tasting it 3 hours later). The rice was alright - a little too salty in my opinion. Service was quick and excellent. Being a first timer, they gladly offered me a sample and helped me fill out my order form. I'm still a little unsure about it, but wouldn't mind returning to try some different items.
4	Awesome. Doesn't even taste like fast food... so who wouldn't like it?The ambiance is awesome, love the panda.Menu is great. Take the paper, agonize about what tasty goodness you want to try next, and then hand it over whenever you are ready.And you get a cookie!!!
2	WARNING:  Do not go here after 8pm!!!I usually eat dinner around 8pm and have usually come to Chino Bandido around 830 or so.Last week I got there around 815pm, saw a man sampling items and I wanted to try a couple.  I waited behind him at the sampling line and was repeatedly asked by the cashier if I was ready to order, I said no.  Minutes later manager Mona at the sample line told cash register "I dont know what she is waiting for?"  DUH Im behind the guy getting samples so I told her Id like a sample, she gave me a sample of the Jerk Chicken (spicy dry gross).  I wanted to also try the machaca and carnitas but seconds after she hands me my first sample, (the man before me was offered almost everything) she asked me if I was ready to order!  She then told me "you know, we close at 9pm" while my watch said 820pm.  It wouldnt bother me as much if this was the first time I had been there, but there are other factors:.AGAIN it was 820pm and there was absolutely no sign anywhere saying the kitchen closed at 830pm..this was the 3rd time I had been there, after 8pm, and have been rushed and treated like crap.  Sorry I take a whole 5 minutes to decide what Id like to order.FOOD (I have only tried 3 of their dishes because again I arrive 40 minutes before they close so samples are not an option)Chinese BBQ Pork .Tasty some pieces are dry but the moist fatty pieces you  find are delicious.Jade Red Chicken.Slightly spicy version tastes like mix of orange and sweet sour chicken from Panda Express.Quesadilla.very cheesy and deliciously crispy.OH and ordering is the most uncomplicated-made-complicated thing here.2 stars since ordering and customer service is SOO ridiculously poor.  For me, while their food is good it is SO not worth going here during my dinner time because of their lack of customer service for their repeat customers. =(
3	The first time I ate here I hated it. The second time I loved it.The jerk chicken rice and black beans is the best thing on the planet, but  the meat is notsogood here. The flavor is great, but the meat itself is so cafeteria quality cheap that it ruins it.Great concept. Almost awesome. Get better product and you win.
4	Setting:  It is the racially most funniest place I've been to!  And I mean that in a good way.  The ordering system you'll have to get used to, but even that was rather fun.  The seating area is not restaurant-like...it's more like a hall with rented chairs.  Bathrooms are not-so clean unfortunately.  They have lots of funny stuff for you to look at on the walls.Food:  Amazing pollo diablo!  Spicy and garlicky, just the way I like it.  Prices are very decent.  They all go in a foil bowl, which doubles as a to-go plate for peeps on the go.Service:  Awesome folks.  Very helpful.  For rookies like me they were willing to fill out my order form for me.  But I did it anyway...just to see how much I can screw it up.  All in all, good times.
3	The food at Chino is wonderful...for a fast food-fusion restaurant.  The ordering procedure (you write out orders and hand them to the cashier) is quaint.  But lately, the ambiance has become sub-par.Sure, there were always tons of little kids (and sometimes adults) running around everywhere, making a mess.  But lately, those messes are not cleaned up promptly enough.  I would be fine with that, if the food was coming out as quickly as it used to.  Perhaps I'm nostalgic for what Chino's used to be.  Or maybe I'm just getting too old.The food is still good, but I'm not always willing to overlook everything else.
2	Chino Bandido.  Very unique restaurant.  You wont find anything else like it.  Fusion between Mexican and Chinese cuisine.  And with practically all the entrees or combinations available, you will be aware of the mixtures of tastes when you eat.  Maybe I appreciate the concept in a personal way, as I am a creation of a Jewish father and Indonesian mother.When you first walk in - you will quickly note that ordering procedure is goofy.  Fear not because they have a special side station where they take in new people, offer tasters of all the dishes and help you with the process.  Thinking like a good process engineer, I can envision better efficiency but I suppose this works for the staff who I'm sure have been working there for a long time.  Rather than thinking about a thousand possibilities, I figured out that I will take #1 & #7 (jade red) with some sort of fried rice w/o beans, every single time.  And I suppose there isnt too much Mexican about that choice.So why do I give it a 2/5 star rating?  First, I can always count on enduring an MSG bomb moments after absorbing the meal.  I hate that.  Second, after seeing the Food Network "Diners Dives Drive-ins" special about the restaurant, I now have seen what makes the food taste so good.  Lets just say lots of the saturated fat content that I typcically try to avoid.  Finally,  its not cheap.  On the positive, at least after eating the entire contents of the silver pie tin, no one leaves hungry.ps.  If big, cheese, greasy, and tasty is what you are thinking - I suggest having the #2 chile rellano.  You wont be disappointed.
5	LOVE Chino Bandido.  The snickerdoodle cookie they give you with your meal is heaven.  Well, all of the food might actually be heaven, but usually by the time I get to the snickerdoodle I could die happy on the spot.
4	I was brought here by my coworkers. It's become sort of a ritual at my office to bring any new employees or out-of-town visitors here for lunch. Kind of a test of character. We usually go at least once a month.My typical order is jerk chicken fried rice and egg foo yung with another varying meat option. I've tried the black beans and have to admit they're pretty good but I'm just not a big fan of lentils. I prefer having more rice.I love the egg foo yung. I dislike a lot of Americanized Chinese food dishes, but egg foo yung is one exception. My parents had a Chinese restaurant when I was younger and the egg foo yung at Chino's tastes just like my dad used to make, right down to the gravy on top.I finally tried the Chinese BBQ pork a couple weeks ago and it was surprisingly good. Not authentic, but it had a nice flavor. I also like the emerald chicken, jerk chicken, and carnitas. My coworkers swear by the Jade Red Chicken inside a quesadilla. A strange combination, but it's actually really good. I've heard that machaca inside a quesadilla is also good.Finally, who doesn't love a free snickerdoodle cookie?
5	Such a guilty pleasure.I had heard about this strange little fusion eatery long before some friends finally dragged me there.  Now I make up for lost time by spreading the wealth... oh, and returning often.A unique a-la-carte selection of Chinese, Korean, Mexican, Cuban treats served in almost as many styles.  A machaca rice bowl? Yes.  A sweet & spicy chicken burrito?  Yes.  A jerk chicken quesadilla?  My favorite.  Basically, worldwide Dim Sum on a foil plate.The ordering process can be quite intimidating to the unintiated.  The staff is more than willing to help and even offers a tutorial with samples, but they're got their hands full during the lunch rush.  Take a repeater with you, or target a slower period for your first time.Unfortunately Chino has had to raise prices a bit.  I've scaled back some of my orders, but I occassionally cross into that $$ mark.Oh, yeah.  I'd go for the snickerdoodle any day of the week.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place.  It's almost embarrassing how much we eat here.  I'm surprised we don't smell like their black beans, pork fried rice and jade chicken by now (our personal favorite three items to order together.)  Maybe we do, and people just aren't telling us?  Anyways - this place gets 5 stars from me because of it's uniqueness and deliciousness.  Seriously I can't talk how much I love their black bean, pork fried rice and jade chicken combo.  It's the perfect combination -  a little salty, a little spicy, a little sweet.   For dessert - we LOVE the volcano cookies - which taste more like a brownie cookie.  They only have them on Sunday's but they are a MUST.  The snickerdoodles are good too, but I'm not a snickerdoodle fan, due to an awful experience with the cookie  in 8th grade home ec. haha but that's a different post for a different time. If you're looking for a unique dive in Arizona (and believe me, there aren't many here),  then you have to at least give this place a try.  Oh - plus they give SAMPLES!  It's like Costco, without the lines of kids.  We take all of our out of town guests here and the Californians always end up loving this place and posting pictures of the totally non-PC logo on their facebook.
4	I have a pretty similar experience with Jenn H. in that the first time I came, I wasn't impressed at all (I'd probably say that I was disappointed), but the second time I came, I really enjoyed this funky fusion.I came here on the recommendation of a friend that had came here a few years earlier on a road trip that passed through Phoenix. Not really knowing how the menu worked, I just ordered the "Jade Red Chicken" rice bowl because it was supposed to be the most popular item on the menu. I was pretty disappointed when I found out that I had gone all the way to Phoenix (for the Fiesta Bowl) for a bowl of General Tso's chicken with white rice. As I was eating I saw people order eating some pretty wild stuff (like chinese bbq pork "char siu" quesadillas, etc.) so I was pretty adamant about coming back and trying this place again. I got a chance to go back two days later and instead of getting a rice bowl, I got the combo where you can choose two items off the menu (and turn them into a burrito/quesadillas if you'd like) along with rice of your choice and beans. So I got the jade red chicken again (this time in a quesadillas) and then I got the emerald chicken, which a buddy of mine had last time and looked good, along with jerk fried rice and black beans. Being both a fan of chinese and mexican cuisine (in the traditional sense), I knew that this place was going to challenge my view of food marrying the two together. But I actually really enjoyed it. I should strongly stress the point that you need to "get" the menu before you should order. The staff is pretty nice about explaining the concept of the menu to you (it'd help if you ask, which I didn't the first time until AFTER I ordered). With the freedom in the menu, however, I should probably warn my fellow Yelp!ers that I can see how some of these combination can go wrong and come back and blow up on you (or maybe inside of you, hahaha). Good luck mixing!!
4	WTF?  Seriously, WTF!?!?!I was down in Phoenix for a training session when the trainer mentioned this place that did a fusion of Chinese and Mexican food.  Being the curious types, my co-worker and I agreed on giving it a try.  The place is located in a non-descript strip mall in a pretty unassuming part of town.   Luckily, I know not to judge a restaurant by its cover and to trust a local's opinion....and boy I am glad we did.I tried the jerk chicken rice, a quesadilla, and some sort of Chinese chow mein.  All of the items were great.  Not world class, but tasty and interesting.A word of warning if you're not going with an expert.  Grab a menu to study as there seem to be a million variations of orders that can be placed on your order sheet.Definitely a one of a kind place and a worthy stop if you're in that neck of the woods.
5	I love Chino Bandito!  Sometimes when a place tries to combine too many genres of food nothing ends up turning out well but they definitely manage to defy this logic.  The food is a mix between Jamaican, Mexican, and Chinese.   All of which I love.  The ordering system is a bit confusing but the staff is always extremely helpful, cheerful, and will offer to guide you through Chino "University" with samples of some of their top dishes.  I always get a combo with jamaican black beans, pork fried rice, machaca in a quesadilla, and either the jade red chicken or pollo diablo.  I'm sure the other selections on the menu are also great but this combo has been a winner from day one so I tend not to stray too far from it :-)  I did try the jerk chicken once and wasn't a big fan, although they do claim it is one of their top dishes.  The emerald green chicken was tasty as a sample but I'm not sure I could eat an entire dish.  I believe the jade red chicken is their top seller and I can definitely understand why.Also, both locations (19th ave and greenway and the Chandler blvd and Dobson) are great.  I prefer the 19th Ave location since it is the original but both locations have the same great food.  I know sometimes people are wary of straying from the original location for fear the quality of the dishes may be compromised.  The owners would be smart to open up a 3rd location near ASU's main campus.  Students would love this place, especially since you get such enormous portions for about $10.  Plus, this is for my own selfish reasons since I would like a location closer to  me :-)Love it! Check it out people!
3	I was hoping I would like this place better, but that is not so.  After telling my husband that I was feeling particularly inclined to eat either Mexican ( a rare occurrence for me ) or Chinese food, he suggested Chino Bandido.  After a little bit of research on the internets I decided that there was something suitable for me there.At first glance, the place looks seedy.  Upon closer inspection, it just looks dirty.  That didn't really bother me as some of the best food can come from the not so best looking conditions.  They haven't been shut down, so how bad can it be?  The way of ordering food here is a bit too complicated, you feel like you're taking a pop quiz you aren't prepared for.  The little sheet of paper you use to order just doesn't have very good instructions.  However, the girls working here were all very nice and helpful, and more than willing to dole out samples to anyone interested.  I finally ordered the Jade Red Chicken with plain fried rice.  The rice definitely seemed like a fusion of the Asian and Mexican with the style being Chinese, but the flavor being very Mexican.  The chicken itself was rather tough, definitely not a high quality.  The crispiness of the batter was really good though.  The sauce that makes this Jade Red was described as sweet and sour with a kick.  Well, I missed the sweet and sour flavor.  It was more along the lines of just kick.  Now, I understand I have a low tolerance for spices, but this was over the top for me.  I will be back next time I am congested.  The snickerdoodle they served with your meal is the bomb though.  Yum.Overall, I am not really impressed.  Creative, but not something I'm really feeling.  I think I may check out the Chandler location to give this place another shot.  A pretty decent place that I guess is worth checking out, if only to laugh at the giant strapped panda bear statue inside.
3	Hmmm....i come from LA so I eat alot of asian food and I eat alot of mexican food. To merge the two.....hmmm......all I can say is that its definitely different and one visit is not enough to really determine if this place gets a higher rating. I will say that the staff and service was great. They have it set up so you can taste test some of the fusion food together so you can make better choices when ordering. The employee who helped us we really nice and helpful. She helped us taste test some of the items and helped us order.I think the food is good. I am just not use to mixing the different type of food together in one dish so I definitely need to break down that personal barrier. I will have to visit again and try different combination. The jury is still out...
4	I love chino's 7Q and 6 No beans and extra Pork Fried Rice. Thats my dish, its my love. I think everytime im back in phoenix i make a stop at chino's because it is that good. I love how you can get (almost) anything on the menu either in a burrito or quesadilla. That makes everything glorious..So i guess you can be a skeptic at first, chinese and mexican food? yah i thought it sounded weird but EVERYONE i've taken there have always liked it!  This place is one of the best places to eat in phoenix. Very casual and its my favorite way of eating.. Pay first then after you can leave! no need to wait for someone to bring you your check.If it is your first time going go to the side counter and let them know and they will let you sample the types of food they offer.Don't expect people to wait on you hand and foot, this just isnt the place for that, if you want that kind of service go to Maggiano's (which is not the same cuisine fyi)
4	Chino is one of those places that I grew up eating.  It seems like it has been here forever and we used to order takeout from them when I was just a little kid.  There was a long period in between that I grew up, found other places to eat, moved away, and just plain forgot about this place.  Now, working right down the street, I've always intended to go back.  I finally did and boy did I miss this place.Of course the ordering style is a bit strange and is the only thing that knocks one star from my review.  I don't understand why I can't just freakin order.  Why do I need to pretend I am ordering sushi when I just want a standard mexican bowl of rice and meat?I ordered something...red pork or something like that.  I'm not really sure.  I just looked at the menu and picked a number.  It was great.  Spicy, meaty, excellent.  The prices were reasonable and the food was great.  No complaints there.Sure the place is in a ghetto strip mall (although PoppaMaize next door is killer!) and looks dirty as a barn, but the food is great and you can always do take-out.  Chino is the best fusion in town...I must say.  They are all about the spicy and that is what I like.
4	Been eating here for 9 years now. The food is great. It is kind of a dive, and the ordering is a little weird, but the food totally makes up for it.They blend Mexican and Chinese food. The machaca rice bowl with plain fried rice is my fav!Good place to eat. Try to stay clear on Sunday afternoons though. Once the huge church up the street lets out, that place is packed. There is usually at least a 30 minute line when that happens.
4	I have been hearing about Chino Bandido for sooooo long. Everyone on earth raves about the place and I finally got to check it out this weekend.its as fantastic as they all said. good food. fun, laid back atmosphere. the servers were incredibly helpful.finally, I have somplace to take my friends when they visit that is local, good, and isn't a chain restaurant!
4	Chino bandidos is probably not one of the best restaurants in the valley.....But it is one of the top 3 most delightfully INTERESTING dining combinations I have experienced anywhere on the planet so far. Mexican & Chinese with a twist of Jamaican is a crazy combo of taste variations to find in the desert. This uniquely American melting pot concept seems to pull it off really against all odds in my mind ....I can still remember my bewilderment the first time I was exposed to this mexi-nees-ican (?) menu and absolutely friggin LOVE to bring people here to watch their reaction.Also the 7,500 pound mascot in the dining room has to be mentioned at least once... and maybe photographed several times just be cheesy.  Although I have had EVERYTHING on the menu at least once. My favorite is the Jerk Chicken. Served on a bed of rice and enjoyed with a Red Stripe, it's what I came all the way to the Sunny Slope area for.  Any time I possibly could. That, and the snikerdoodle that was carefully stowed away in the trunk safely for a midnight session.These days they have 2 locations and the new one is just as far away as the original. I will faithfully drive where ever they are in the valley maybe once a year. The staff will let you try what ever you want.  And I have never taken anyone who didn't like it. Just know that you can combine EVERYTHING so maybe get creative ...on your second or third time... Don't be demure on asking what other ppl/staff like...Everything's good in my opinion... Neighborhood atmosphere ...Some of it's greasy as all hell but great food none the less.
5	I never in my life would have thought that mixing Chinese with Mexican would be a good idea.I was wrong, and boy, I am so happy that I was wrong.Chino is a strange fusion restaurant in a slowly dieing shopping center, but keeps up the business alone.They mix bold flavors together,  and it comes out great. Cuban Black Beans, spicy with a hint of sweet,  Caribbean Jerk Rice, that stays absolutely spicy, and their mexican and chinese choices are amazing. The chinese ones have great sauces, and the mexican ones have been stewed to perfection.Also, they give you snickerdoodles, fresh ones.Excellent restaurant, I will continue to go as long as they last.
1	Yes, Guy featured it on Food Network. His poster, prominantly displayed at the entrance, reminds you of the eatery's 15 minutes of fame.And yes, guys love this place for some reason. I'm not a guy, and I don't love this place. The place is dirty. Literally. Look at the floors if you dare.On top of that, my meatless dinner was bland, and mostly lettuce. I couldn't get out of there quickly enough.
2	The novelty of Chinese/Mexican and the TV appearance must be the explanation for why this place is so popular.  Everything I had was very, very average.  Menu items were reasonably priced, but then when my portions arrived it was a little disappointing (1 burrito is not going to fill your stomach at lunch).  So, keep in mind you'll be ordering several items, or going home hungry.Cleanliness was somewhat of an issue, but I think it's partly beause it is in a run-down strip mall and seems like a run down atmosphere inside.  There was an employee actively cleaning tables but it just didn't feel right in there.
2	shmoogled definitions of CULT on the Web:+ followers of an exclusive system of religious beliefs and practices + fad: an interest followed with exaggerated zeal; "he always follows the latest fads"; "it was all the rage that season" + followers of an unorthodox, extremist, or false religion or sect who often live outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader + a religion or sect that is generally considered to be unorthodox, extremist, or false; "it was a satanic cult" May I now introduce... the regular customers of Chino Bandido.I am a HUGE fan of cheap-ass 'Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives' type of joints, too, but this place is so over-rated; I'm just sick of hearing about it.Sure, there are some flavor combinations that you can get here that would be difficult to find elsewhere, but the slight novelty is not worth the trouble.If the fairly average tasting food were good enough, I'd be able to overlook the location in a strip mall that has 'Future Home of North Phoenix's Crack Whore Day Labor Center' written all over it.If the portions were large enough, I could overlook the ugly (and inconvenient to eat out of) pie-tin ToGo box that your food is served in, and the price that seems like a decent price only until you get your food.If more of the barely cordial staff I encountered were like the minority smiley and friendly staff, I could over look the STUPID and arbitrary ordering system that one is expected to follow.  There wasn't really much help, as some described, and why should you need help ordering when you are just picking a meat-rice-format combination, anyway?!?!Although there are a few dishes that are pretty tasty, there is nothing 'fusion' about the menu aside from the fact that you can have your Jamaican or Chinese entree rolled into a burrito or cooked into a quesadilla.  ~Big Whoop~It's neither as much of a choice nor as satisfying as it seems like it should be.  All of these supposed choice combinations and yet no Brown Rice.The redeeming factor earning my second star was the friendly youngster washing tables, chatting up customers as they finished eating and he whisked away their garbage, offering to bring them an extra cookie for the road.I also felt yucky about the whole inconsiderate, non-'PC' atmosphere surrounding the bandito panda and the 'takee-outee' part of the name, and I'm not a very PC person, in general.  They may as well have put up posters of rair-road and raundry workers in pointee hats with rong pointee mustaches saying 'ah-so, you want extra starch in your Revi's?' to a grizzly old Gold Rush 49'er.Oh, and just go and look for yourself at their Health Inspection reports.YEESH
3	Great little place to go if you are looking for some good food. I find it funny that it's a Mexican/Asian mix but don't really care all that much cuz it's all pretty good. Not a lot of frills here but the food is inexpensive and pretty darn tasty. A great place to hit if you are in the neighborhood
5	This is the original Phoenix Fusion.. with Chinese and Mexican with a tad of Jamaican in there. I usually get one of their specialty meats on a bowl of Jerk Chicken Rice... they have just enough options that you can mix and match that it will keep you coming back to try more. Most of the meals include a homemade snicker-doodle. That cookie alone will bring you back through the door. With that said I cant write anymore I'm out to go get me some of that DELICIOUS CHINO BANDIDO!!!!
5	Awesome food. Definitely not a place to bring someone on a first date, but if your in the mood for good take-out, it's a great place to go. Food's not expensive here and most nights you'll see a mix of college age kids and families. Jade Red Chicken is one that you have to try.
5	I was first turned onto Chino's when I worked at Honeywell 5 years ago and I've been hooked ever since. Their amazing infusion of Chinese and Mexican amongst other types of food is what keeps me coming back. The number of possible combinations is limitless.Some people may comment on the cleanliness of the place.  All I have to say is in the 5 years I've been a customer I haven't had one complaint.Take it from me, this place is perfect for the out of towner or first timer.
4	Ok so this is by far my favorite resturant ever! How can you not love a burrito filled with jade chicken, and one meal is enough to feed two people.
4	How can anyone not be a fan of a place with a Mexican Panda as their mascot? I was surprised at how big and popular this place is when I got there. The restaurant itself is very cheesy, just like their website, but I think it's all on purpose. It's hilarious! As far as their food...it was decent. I wasn't expecting much. It's not very chinese nor mexican. I will come back though, and try other dishes. I agree with the last poster, this is definitely a place to take first-timers.
5	This is the greatest place ever!  My friends had told me about it, but I just didnt believe that Chinese Mexican would be good.  I was right, it is FANTASTIC!  Love that Place!  Get  a jade red quesadilla and a hand grenade burrito, and double order of jerk fried rice!  yummy!
5	One Liner: Chinese Mexican? Mexican Chinese?Food: (scale of 0-4) 3.5It's 15 minutes before noon. We tried to get there early to beat the traffic. Of course, we had no such luck here. It might be 11:45am, and it might be 115 degrees out, the hole, the big hole in the wall place was packed, and the line was out the door. Anyway, they have a sampling station for newbies on the left side of the counter. I got a chance to try a few different dishes before I settle on the order. It makes the place a zoo, but I like the concept. After all, most food here are somewhat pre-cooked.So what does Chinese Mexican or Mexican Chinese taste like?I can't really describe it. It's new to me. I know I fully enjoyed the diablo pork, emerald chicken and most important of all, the jerked fried chicken. Ok there is nothing chinese or mexican about jerked fried chicken, but it's still a creative fusion dish, a perfect one for that matter.When the girl brought the food over, I just couldn't wait to redirect the food right into my mouth. Before she reached me, she slipped!I managed to saved the food, both plates. Only 2 things dropped, the snicker doodle and the girl. I feel really bad that I wasn't able to keep her from falling, but I saved the food!!Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.8Service 0.2: She probably bruised her behind delivering food to me, I've gotta leave full score here. Decor 0.1: It's old, ugly, but somewhat special. It looks like an expanded cafeteria.  Speed 0.2: Even with the line out the door, they still make very good progress. The food gets on your table FAST. Dessert 0.1: good snicker doodle Prices 0.2: It's more than reasonable. Chinese take out prices for a great fusion creation? It's cheap. My score for this experience is 4.3 stars.For a chance at the oddest and the most delicious creation on earth, it's no doubt a 5 star in my heart and my stomach.P.S. Do try the 2 different hot sauce they have there. They are not your typical hot sauce. They aren't very spicy.
5	I haven't been to this in over 2 years (due to moving out of state) but someone mentioned it earlier today and I haven't stopped thinking about it. I recall always getting a carnitas quesadilla and jade red chicken lunch special. The black beans are OUT OF THIS WORLD. I tried many times to recreate them but have been unsuccessful every time.If you have questioned this place - stop it and go to it. Yeah it's in a dirty ass strip mall but who cares. It's worth it.
5	Ok the place is gross like really really disgusting but the food including the cookie ( that comes with the meal) is AMAZING!!! It's a crazy mix, a crazy delicious mix don't miss out because it's in a creepy spot just make sure u park your car close to the window and lock your doors : ) it's not really that bad!
5	Chino Bandido is amazing. There are never any surprises, you always know what you're getting, and it's always super speedy and super delicious. HOWEVER - a caveat to consider: similar to any place where you "make your own" entree or combination, a certain amount of the burden of flavor can be said to fall upon you and your choices. Just sayin'!Chino Bandido is a grungy little hole-in-the-wall kind of place, but the "grunge" factor comes from age, rather than neglect. Inside, it is brightly lit with sparse but funky decorations...including a big statue of their mascot, an angry-looking panda bear in a sombrero and bullet belt, chopsticks in one hand and a bowl of rice in the other. From this brief description of their mascot, I'm sure you've caught on to Chino Bandido's gimmick - Chinese-Mexican fusion. There is no need to go into some long and theoretical discussion of whether this is a good idea or not  - make the drive, make an order, and make your stomach smile. The food is inexpensive, tasty, and portioned very generously. While it is not complicated to order once you're there and looking at the order form, it would be hard to explain here. Luckily, their website has an awesome, (and very helpful) Menu Demo tool that shows you exactly how the ordering process works, complete with a rough picture representation of what your combo order looks like. This feature on their website alone was enough to impress me into a first visit, and what I found when I arrived was more than convincing enough to keep me coming back. Ask to sample something, if you're not sure! They will be happy to oblige you. On my first visit, they even made me go through a whole taste-test thing, where the boy behind the counter had me sample a variety of meats and rices from the menu so I'd have an idea of what I might like. This, however, was at the Chandler location, so I'm not sure if this first-time policy carries over to the Phoenix location. Some of my favorite things to order are the Jade Red Chicken (in a quesadilla, especially - I'd say this is a MUST TRY), the Emerald Chicken, and the Jerk Chicken, (also best in a quesadilla). The jerk fried rice is delicious, and the other rice varities are good, too. The only thing I've ever tried there that I didn't love was the Pollo Diablo, which was dry, crusty, and...just didn't taste good. My boyfriend loves the Chile Relleno, and, while i'm normally not into that dish at other restaurants, I've been known to sneak a bite or two of his here. :)A soft and sweet snickerdoodle cookie is included with every order, and, on the weekends, you can even sub it out for a "special order" weekend cookie - I've only tried one of these, and it was a chocolate brownie cookie which was just as good as the phenomenal snickerdoodles. So, give it a try. Get it to go. Chances are, you'll love it, and if you don't, you're out less than $10. Take a walk on the wild side; find your inner angry-panda-with-a-sombrero. It's kind of cool, having a fu manchu.
4	Chinese food on a tortilla?!  Who would have thought it would be this good.  I love that you can ask for a sample if you are not sure of what to order.  You have to go just for the experience!
4	I am finally getting around to writing a review about thsi place even though i was there months ago.  This place is mind blowing!  You dont come here for the atmosphere but rather the amazing food and the crazy blend of mexican and asian flavors.I know mexican/asian flavor? Insane but it works.They even give you a cookie for dessert.
5	Four people within 2 weeks mentioned this place and one of them had seen it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives..so Ive been dying to check it out. Today was the day. We arrive and it's in a little strip mall in an area that I have never had to drive through to go anywhere.Meaning  had it not been for word of mouth I would have never known this place existed! They ask if it's your first time and when you say yes they proceed to give you samples of their top dishes. I ordered a combo: Black beans, jerk fried rice, pollo diablo and emerald chicken. I can't even explain the flavor explosion that erupted. Emerald Chicken cannot be beat, it was dare I say orgasmic. In addition to the flavor fiesta you get a free freakin big ass doughy cookie!! A Snickerdoodle was this weeks cookie...not many even know what a Snickerdoodle is let alone make the best Snickerdoodle ever to be devoured. This place is beyond words! Just go..GO NOW!
4	Though you may need a PhD to figure out how to order using one of their slips, the service is outwardly cordial and they hand out samples as if it was National Tapas Day. The place itself is surreal as if in an Almodovar film. Opting for the sweet and sour chicken burrito, Chinese BBQ pork quesadilla, black beans and chicken fried rice, I was able to make an entire days meal out of this one order. The end results are remarkably melding and might I say a breath of fresh, greasy air. It works. It somehow works.
4	I love the concept of this restaurant and it is very tasty.  A friend of mine suggested it and now I go regularly.  It's great because my husband is a total Chinese food freak and I am a total Mexican food freak.  We can both get stuff we like here.My favorites are the emerald chicken and the machacha beef.  My husband loves the jerk chicken, jade chicken, and jerk fried rice.Sometimes I have them make a quesadilla out of my choices, but usually I just like them unadorned with the rice and beans.  I can't decide which I love more, the black or regular refried beans.  One time I ordered the chile relleno and it was heavenly fried goodness.Another time, I was stuck on what to serve my book club so I ordered a bunch of food from here and everyone raved about it.  I sent home doggie bags.Oh, and their snickerdoodles are so good, I can't stop eating them.  It's a sickness, I think.  I actually like the hole-in-the-wall decor, it doesn't bother me at all.  I think this place is charming and everyone there is always helpful and friendly.  I would recommend Chino to anyone who likes non-typical ethnic food.
5	I really enjoyed Chino Bandido.  I got a chili releno/veggie salad combo.  The chili releno was freshly prepared and the best one I've ever had.  The portion was way bigger than I could eat, though I tried.  It is also a nice treat that they give you a snickerdoodle cookie.  I managed to eat that!  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  I am a vegetarian and had several very good choices to pick from.  Happy eating!
3	I have a feeling that this place will require more than one visit to really "get".  Once again, the experience of a restaurant vastly outweighs the food on it's own (in other words, takeout isn't as good as being here).Mexican and Asian fusion?  Sure, I'll try anything at least once.  The concept may seem strange, but with what seems to be our cultural fixation low cost/high quantity food, I'm surprised this is the first time I'm seeing a blend like this.  And it turns out that it works pretty well.If it's your first time going, make sure you tell them when you get to the front of the queue.  They will begin to regale you with no only an explanation of what in the world is going on, but will proceed to feed you half the menu so you can see what things taste like.I, without fail, found the spiciest dish on the menu; the Chicken Diablo and had it burrito-ified.  That and a chilie relleno, with the surprisingly good black beans, sounded like a perfect combination.  When the food was brought out to the cafeteria-style dining area, it looked just as good as expected.  While the black beans were just as amazing as they were ten minutes ago when we were getting samples, the rest of the meal just didn't hold up to the excitement around the samples and the ordering experience.  The chicken was over-fried and was little more than crisp with a vaguely poultry-ish texture.  It might have been better served by not being crammed into a thin tortilla shell.  The relleno was, if not better, just more fun.  The constant battle between the cheese that leaks out after the first cut and the hot pepper inside, balanced against the cornflake breading that splinters anytime silverware comes near it...priceless.It's certainly worth a visit.  The whole experience, from conception of the idea ("Mexican and Chinese food? Say what?!?") to the half meal you get as they rattle off their menu to you, is one that shouldn't be missed.  I can see why people like it so much, but maybe I need to go a few more times before it really catches me.
5	Everytime I leave here, I regret it.Yet in a few days, all I do is crave it.As long as you aren't afraid of gut-bombing, coma-inducing, delicious Asian-Mexican Fusion, I recommend Chino Bandido with much enthusiasm.  Why is this not a combination more often seen is the question I beg to ask.The decorum itself is dive-ier than dive, in fact, it resembles a soup kitchen more than a restaurant, but what it lacks in outward appeal, it more than makes up for in tummy-warming, lip-smacking, mmmmhmmmmmm-inducing goodness.For food, I love the Jade Red Chicken and the Pollo Diablo in a Burrito (ask for black beans + Jerk Fried Rice in the burrito too!).  If you are unsure what you want, there are samples ready to be shared so that you can try out any of the menu's delicious items.  The black beans here must have illicit drugs in them because they are so addictive and the jerk fried rice is a perfect accompaniment.Highly recommended, love this place, going to head there now!
4	Saw this a while back on the show DDD and saw the reviews on yelp so finally took the plunge and went on my first yelp trip. First off...the area is a little scary. I'm not one of "those" girls. I lived in downtown LA right next to the garment district...took the subway to work in hollywood in the middle of the night. Anyways maybe I just went at a bad time where a bunch of ppl hung out outside. I go inside and grab the order form. The people there were really nice and helped me fill it out and was patient enough to help my man over my cell phone. He is such a baby doesn't like to try new things. I swear its all burgers and chicken strips. Anyways I got the bbq pork 'dilla and emerald chicken with black beans and chicken FR. He got the jerk chicken burrito and chicken diablo with jerk FR and black  beans. Everything was good, even got him to try mine which is a miracle itself. The cookies were to die for...diamond in the rough for sure. Next time though, he is going to go pick it up.
5	Guilty pleasure, you are calling my name.  Every now and then I will drive out of my way to eat at Chino Bandido.  It's kind of sad actually.  On a night when I'm alone and taking a much needed break from going out with friends, I will order up a ridiculous meal of fried rice, Cuban black beans, and jade red chicken in a quesidilla.  Then, I will sit down with my friend the DVR and watch bad TV.  Basically, I do two things that are embarrassing to do with others: watch horrible TV and eat horribly unhealthy food.  Sometimes, I actually let a friend join me and after the taste explosion in our mouths has worn off we are left grabbing our stomachs and moaning in pain, "I am never eating this again." When you eat a meal at Chino's, just know that you are done.  You will not be doing anything else for the rest of the day/night, you will not go dancing, you will not go on a bike ride, and you will not be having any sex.  You will just sit there until your stomach digests all the contents of that round metal container they cram everything into.  Enjoy.
4	I went here as the first stop of my cross country road trip with my sister.  I saw it as part of Diners Drive ins and Dives, the show on the food network, and I was determined to eat at some on our way across country.  The concept is Chinese and Mexican food together.  As we walked in the woman at the counter greeted us and asked if we had been in before.  When we said no, she offered us samples of their top 6 or so dishes.  That was AWESOME! We got to try the black beans, which I LOVED. so much so that I had to get a combo.. We also tried the jade chicken, emerald chicken, jerk chicken, jerk fried rice.  I was interested in the Pollo Diablo, and when I said that the lady brought me a sample of that.  It was crispy a little spicy and delicious.  My sister and I ordered a combo with jerk fried rice and the awesome black beans, she opted for the Jade Red Chicken, their most popular,  and I got the Pollo Diablo Quesadilla.  One would think a fried chicken quesadilla might be a little odd, but it was amazing.  The refried cuban black beans are so flavorful I could eat those alone!   I will have to go back when I visit my grandma in Glendale again.  Oh and the cookies.. yum yum!
3	There are some problems with this place.  They don't include the service which is superb.  The menu is weird, but not too difficult.  The food is a different story.  It's good, but I don't get all the hype.  The chili relleno really sucks!  Super thick cracker crumbs, no sauce, thick yellow cheese, (not completely melted.....two times!!!) and non-roasted chili make for an atrocious relleno!! The Diablo Chicken...good...if you like butt loads of garlic. (Which I do) I haven't found the perfect combo yet.  I'll keep working on it, but don't expect to be blown away, and if you get the relleno after reading this...shame on you...bad foodie.  Don't do it... To end on a positive note....service is outstanding.  Very friendly staff.  You can sample stuff...do it!  I'm giving an extra star due to the service.  Lot's of potential here.
5	My mouth is watering right now just thinking about this amazing culmination of my two favorite foods! Chinese/Japanese and Mexican. Unbelievable. It is for sure one of those have to try it before you die kind of experiences. I first heard about Chino Bandito from Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives, Guy kind of good at find those amazing little hold in the wall, mom and pop, ghetto looking food heavens! :-) When you get there is doesn't look like much from the outside, or inside for that matter, just a bit of a step up from a Filly-B's. But the experience and food makes up for it ten fold! One of the best parts is the tasting they walk you through if it is your first time, or if you just need more help figuring out what flavor you are craving that day. They will give you 6 or so tastes from the menu, and explain any of the others that sound good. Then they turn you loose to come up with any concoction you can imagine; Terriaki chicken and fried rice in a burrito, carnitas over white rice, sweet and sour chicken in a quesadilla with a side of re-fried beans, emerald chicken (chicken with this amazing pesto type sauce) and black beans and rice..... I could go on and on. They also have the most delicious cookies for dessert. You gotta check this place out. If you are on the other side of town, trust me it is worth the drive!
4	How the heck do I describe or explain this place? The whole place and menu is as eccentric as the child of Kim Jong Il & Frida Kahlo would be. You see, it's a mix between Chinese and Mexican cuisine and there are a million different ways to order. They actually have an ordering demo on their website so you'll know what you're doing when you get there, which I surely didn't when I stepped foot inside.This has got to be the most unique restaurant I've ever eaten at. The gist of it is you've got a dozen or so meat options (a couple meatless too) and with those you decide between having it with just rice (white, jerk, pork fried, chicken fried or beef fried), rice & beans (refried or black), or as a combination as a quesadilla or burrito. I know this sounds like too much but that's because it is...oh yeah, it also comes with your choice of cookie (Snickerdoodle or Oatmeal Raisin on Sunday). I would say just visit their website to get a better idea of what you can order and all the options.Because it is so confusing they actually have a small sampling bar to help you decide and coax you along in your ordering process. I felt like I was getting tested at the doctor's office. The had a nice staff member filling small cups with all the differnt options. After tasting various meats and rices I came to a conclusion. I got the combination plate with the Jade Red Chicken (almost like Orange Chicken) as a quesadilla, the Emerald Chicken (a light ginger and onion sauce) as a burrito with the pork fried rice and both types of beans. For dessert I opted for the Snickerdoodle.This was quite an experience. You literally could have a different combination each day of the year for many many years. The food was good but I warn you it's not like anything you've had before. The tastes were nice but like I said, a bit eccentric, quite different than anything you've had before.Unfortunately the rice and beans were overly salty. The Emerald Chicken was outstanding, I like the touch of ginger and the coating had a nice crunch to it. The  Jade Red Chicken was very good, it had a sweetness but not overly so. I enjoyed the burrito style rather than the quesadilla. I would probably get both my meats as a burrito next time of one as a burrito and one plain. The Snickerdoodle was very good, almost had to get another but I was full.I would say you must stop in here if not for the experience alone, its so different then anything you can get anywhere else. I recommend everyone at least try it once. I really do appreciate places that are unique and doing their own thing and this is probably the best example of this.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
3	You'll find no fusion wankery here, just a good old fashion blend of two tasty cuisine. If you're visiting Phoenix this is a must do, it's an experience you'll remember and savour. Oh, and everyone gets a free cookie! Beers are pretty cheap too. Try all their in house sauces.
5	I truly have no words.. Maybe because Im speaking a mix of Chinese/Spanish/English jibberish upon the exit of this seemingly divey place with an awesome, yet interesting fusion of taste sensation.. THIS is truly some of the best service I have received in SOOOO long.. My parents took me here so we could get some fast, cheap, yummy take out for movie nite... While they were being snowbirds from Cali. The place was crowded as heck! Bandidos yo! Several of my friends have  been here a lot..and they rave of the place...my parents said they knew I'd love it.. My dad, acting like a AZ pro, told the cute, friendly girl that I was a newbie to the chi/bando. She had a line.. and amazingly, she started serving up like 8 samples of the most ordered items! I loved it! Jade chicken was my favorite;Carnitas a second.;the rice is the bomb...the black beans remind me of San Juan PR type... and thats authentic!  My sidekick, aka Jeran  ordered a quesadilla, with his Jade Red, and they got a bit interesting with it.. adding the jerk chicken to the quesadilla. Honestly I thought that was weird.. but miscomm somewhere, again..its a different language.. learn it, live it and by all means... yum-yelp-eat it! I am glad my parentals watch so many tele shows and found this on Diners Drive In's and Dives. All the way in Nor Cali! PS. Don't be scared of the neighborhood, yes. It is sketchy. And I am not really a fan of the seating area. We got in . We got out. Alive. With our foil wrapped Chino B. Yum
5	More proof that the hole in the wall joints are the best. My favorites are the Henegrade Chicken, and Pollo Diablo. Many different options for rice which are quite tasty. Combo platter will also include beans. May not be the prettiest place to eat in the valley, but you will leave with a smile on your face. My only frustration with them is that they won't sell me more snicker doodles (most of the time) to take home. When I worked on Scottsdale Road, a large group of people were willing to travel 8 miles both ways every week to eat there. My favorite place in town to eat. They were featured on the Food network last year if you need more proof.
4	Loving this place since I was a kid. Stopped eating meat three years ago, so I miss the Jerk Fried Rice and Carnitas and Emerald Chicken, BUT the Veggie Quesadilla with black beans and white rice is amazing with their tasty red salsa.Always amazing customer service and it's great that they let you taste everything before you commit. They should lighten their footprint and reduce food packaging. I always feel guilty when I leave with all that aluminum and styrofoam.BTW, don't be swayed by offers of other cookies; snickerdoodles are where it's at.
4	Lien must have seen the confusion on our faces when we walked in. He commenced to offering us delicious samples of the menu items. I deceided on the jade red chicken, the machaca and the jerk fried rice. All were pretty tasty.The meats were seasond well and i loved the jade sauce. They also threw in some snickerdoodle cookies that were also tasty! The service was fast and friendly and i'm glad we ate there.
5	Still a 5! Ever since my parents found you on Diners, Drive In's and Dives, I have been in love. I literally crave Chino whenever I get a little under the weather now. How did I live in the valley and not know you were here and yet my parents live in California and knew of you? Oh well. I know you now and I drive the distance to fetch your Red Jade.What can I say.. . I love the ChinoB!
1	Still Dirty.Still Overhyped for what it is.Still Overpriced for what you get.Still sick of hearing about it.Cookie still good ~ big whoop...still.
5	I love Chino Bandito for takeout. I wouldn't want to eat there, but I like taking the blazing tin trough of goodness home to unwrap and savor it! My favorite is the Jade Chicken, alone or as a quesadilla. The jerk chicken is my other go-to selection but the egg fu young is another good option. JD likes the hengrenade chicken, barbequed pork,  the carnitas and the machaca all in quesadillas. I think the jerk fried rice is delicious and usually try to steal some of JD's since he gets double rice and no beans. I have to go with the black beans, even though their consistency reminds me of hot road tar. They taste kind of sweet. Add some of CB's homemade salsa and its a tantalizing side dish that compliments a really good takeout meal. The cookies arent bad either. Two combo meals with tax adds up to $17.33. Super cheap for the amout of food you get.
4	Another spot we stopped at during our road trip.  From our DDD list of restaurants to choose from we stopped here before returning home.  They were very helpful by offering samples and explaining the menu.  The black bean, jade chicken were great.  I had the white rice to cook things down.  You get two entrees one of which you can have as a quesadilla or in a burrito or not.
4	One of my new favorite restaurants in my area.Being vegetarian, I love the chinese vegetable quesadilla with their delicious hot sauce drizzled all over it. I normally get this with a refried bean burrito (combo), white rice and refried beans on the side. This is a ton of food. My girlfriend & I normally split this meal and are plenty full afterwards.The finishing touch of a snickerdoodle cookie is fantastic. Love this place.
1	Ugggghh, what can I say about Chino Bandido...It's a shit hole on 19th and greenway in a dumpy shopping center.The food isn't really that good, and the place is not clean.My friend raved about this place, so I went with him... I even ordered his suggestion, some chicken bowl thing.  The chicken was grizzly and the serving wasn't even that big for what I dropped.  I think the idea of the place is cute, but the execution isn't there.  I mean, a filiberto's or a cheap chinese joint destroy this place, and you could buy a burrito and a chinese combo at both together for only a few dollars more than a combo at Chino Bandito.I just do not understand why people like this place.
4	I love the emerald chicken! I found the recipe on a blog, so hopefully I can recreate at home. The dinning area is like a bad cafeteria, but the staff is really friendly and they give you samples to try before ordering. If in the area you have to try it out.
3	Never been here I have lived on this side of town for over 10 years. For some reason driving by this place NEVER made me want to stop here that Circle K corner just never appealed to me. Well everyone talks about this place so I finally broke down last week. The parking lot was PACKED so I felt good going in. Everyone seemed pretty cheery and the guy who helped me didnt seem to mind that he had to explain everything to me. I ended up ordering chile relleno burro w the Tijuana veggie quesadilla beans and rice. I was surprised there was no Mexican rice on the menu. Anyway my friend tried the Machaca in a burro. Overall nothing stood out to me as fabulous this trip. Not with the food sorry. The relleno was nice and crispy with good heat to it but no flavor. I tried the machaca and it was nicely cooked but pretty flavorless as well. Beans were beans. I have a feeling the Mexican food here just isnt great and I am willing to come back and try the Chinese next time. On the other hand I found that all the hot PHX firemen grab lunch here and that alone will probably get me here again very soon. I feel safer eating just in case I forget how to chew and need to be saved with some mouth to mouth. ;)
4	Chino Bandido is my guilty pleasure. It is utterly unhealthy food served in an aluminum foil bowl, delivered by a casually dressed employee who shouts your name until you claim it. And, you get a soft snickerdoodle cookie, as if there were not enough calories and carbs in the meal itself.It's a dive. Black and white checkered floors. Murals and polaroids of customers mounted on the walls behind plastic.Ayesha is right. It's a love/hate kind of place; and, those who love it will blurt out what they order at the mere mention - it's practically involuntary. Me? I'm "jerk chicken add black beans." I have the number programmed into my phone so I can call in my order.It's also addictive for those who like it. I am generally compelled to visit Chino within 72 hours of hearing someone mention it.Here's the thing about Chino Bandido: it is NOT Chinese and it is NOT Mexican. It is Chino Bandido. It's its own animal. To try to label it can only lead to disappointment. So, I suggest: ~ Know that we are not talking fast food prices -- a one item bowl with a soft drink is $9.15.~ Enter with an open mind. ~ Proceed immediately to the counter under the menu with all the pictures on it and tell the employee it's your first time. The employee will slip you a bunch of samples so you can taste what you're in for. ~ Figure out what you like and accept help from the employee while you complete the unique order form (which is also demonstrated on the website: http://www.chinobandido.com/order.html).~ Enjoy!
4	I really liked this place, and haven't had anything quite like it. When my colleague first suggested it - a place that combined Chinese & Mexican - I was intrigued. Then he mentioned it was featured on the Food network. Sure, I was in. Since I had no expectations going in (how could I possibly expect anything? I had no idea how you could combine these two cuisines), I was quite pleased with the result. I got the Jade Red chicken and the Pollo Diablo, and loved both!
5	Took the family and all ate great meals. I love eating something different and this was different but very good.  I told the guy taking the order that this was a first time and he spent time giving everyone in the family multiple samples so we could decide what to get.  Good service, marketing and sales. I would recommend Chino Bandido to anyone wanting a variation on mexican food.
3	This place really is a dive. You're greeted by Gay Fieri's picture at the front door just to remind you how it is a dive. We waited in a long line to order at the left counter, we filled out our order sheets only to find out that it was the line for help ordering and tasting different menu options. If you want to order, you can bypass this line and go to the ordering line. I wouldn't have been offended had I known this line was sampling but I waited for literally 10 minutes while some fat, white trash family tasted everything and then walked out without ordering. Hmmmmmmm free meal for them! To find out I could have skipped that line, I was pissed.The "burrito" I ordered was the smallest damn thing I have ever seen. Get 2-3 of them if you are hungry. The tortilla was delicious, the filling in it was awesome, but the portions were so amall for $3 I felt a little screwed.I went and tried it and it was slightly better than average. It's too much a kitschy tourist trap.
5	A great fusion of Americanized Chinese cuisine with Mexican style.
4	Three words: Jade. Red. Chicken.  That stuff has been on my mind constantly since my first reluctant trip to Chino Bandidos.  My wife and I were on our way to try this place when we both chickened out because the menu and ordering was so weird and different.  Big mistake.  They have a guy there who literally walks you through the menu, ordering and gives you samples of their main dishes, rices and beans.  I was excited to place my order by the time I finished tasting everything.I ordered the Jade Red Chicken and BBQ Pork burrito with Chicken Fried Rice and black beans.  I should have ordered a bucket of jade red chicken because that stuff is amazing!!  It pissed me off that the BBQ Pork had to share the plate with it.  The BBQ Pork didn't have a chance, plus it was bland and boring anyways.  I should have ordered the jerk chicken rice instead of the chicken fried rice.  It had some weird spices in there that turned me off.  The black beans were excellent!  Spicy and very different!Don't be scared to try this place.
5	Amazing restaurant. Great food at good prices and unique menu items
4	How can you go wrong with a place whose mascot is a Panda dressed as Pancho Villa ;-)  I had the carnitas and jade chicken which were both very tasty and filling.  A snickerdoodle topped things off.  Chino's is always a good choice and I'm working my way around the menu.
4	Oh, good lord, what to say about this place? This was my second time here; first visit was a few years ago but I couldn't remember much about it other than what a kooky fusion of ethnic food they have.I noticed more on my second visit... the slightly, shall we say, humble digs just make it all the more quirky, but really don't take away from the food, which is the most important thing IMO. The place was packed at 1:00 on a Saturday. I got the veggie tostada with rice and split a black-bean tostada with my sister (I guess they only have black bean tostadas on the weekends) and it was a guilty little pleasure. There were lots of crying kids, the floor was dirty and the place was packed, so you can see what the real draw is for this place. I wish we had a place like it back home in Minneapolis. There is Chino Latino in Uptown Minneapolis, but it definitely lacks the uber-quirky, low-rent charm of this place, and really needs a Mexican panda statue in the entrance. :)
3	3.5 or soI like Chino. I always have. YET I have only been there about 6 times in my life. It is just something I do not crave. I had Jade Red Chicken. It was mildly spicy but still had a little flavor. The white rice was cooked perfectly. The snicker doodle was the highlight. Service is always great and the place still can use some cleaning.
5	OKAY Chino you bad Bandido.. IM thinking your making me fat! Ever since Ive found you.. I have to have you once a week.. NOW Im thinking out of the red jade.. Ive gone to your grilled, marinated chicken choices.. Jerk chicken.. yum.. Your still a 5 in my book, My Chino:-)
5	Awesome, delicious lunch or dinner takeout place! Quite a dive in terms of decor, so don't expect anything fancy. There are folding tables and chairs, if I remember correctly.Anyway, I had jade red chicken and emperor's chicken quesadilla and both were SO GOOD. The idea of Chinese - Latino food sounds odd, but I'd heard of it before and just never had the chance to try it. They have all sorts of combos, mostly with beans or rice as a side (get it? chinese and latin food both usually come with rice....!). So before you knock it, if you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to eat, this is it!
4	This place is a good go to when you're looking for a mexican infused panda express.  Haha.  Yum!  I got the combo meal with the Jade Red chicken made into a quesadilla and the diablo chicken.  Really good!  I also got jerk fried rice.  The beans were also very good.  Yummy in my tummy.  I really enjoyed Chino Bandido's, but don't think I could go more than once during a trip to Phoenix (I'd get very large from eating like this!).  :D  Oh yeah, if you want something more than a snack, don't just get a quesadilla by itself.  My poor brother thought the quesadilla would be huge and good enough for his dinner (thinking taqueria size), but it was pretty sad and small.  Luckily, my combo wasn't that small and I had extra food to share.
4	Who would have thought this mixture of foods would be so absolutely awesome and tasty? I went here because it was featured on DDD one night...and boy, it was gooooooood as it looked! The food had a little kick to it. Oh, and it's awesome also because they give you a snickerdoodle cookie for dessert. I will be back. Thanks, Guy!
3	The sample bar is a very good idea - props to Chino Bandido for their creativity and marketing strategies.  Still, I think this place, while kitschy, is not worth driving 15 miles out of your way to experience. If you happen to be in the area, choose it over Taco Bell or Panda Express any day. But don't take a date here. Take friends from out of town who want to experience the "real" Phoenix - I'd say fusing anything with Mexican food is just about as Phoenix as it gets.  PS, I went next door to Poppa Maize after lunch. The owner has been going to Chino Bandido for nine years and never knew that you can get the Jade Chicken without the breading. Not like she'd have to worry about it, but I do, so there you go. :)
4	The food was really good and the portions were nice for a $12 meal. This place is definitely a dive so I wouldn't suggest taking anyone that is a little "uppity" here. Chino's definitely has some history and wear to it's building, but I have no doubt that the way they handle and prepare their food is clean.I'm not that adventurous of an eater so it was nice try some samples before deciding what I wanted. The lady was really patient with everyone requesting samples and took the time to show everyone how to "order the Chino way". I ended up getting the emerald chicken, steamed rice, machaca beef, and black beans. Overall, the meal was filling, service was great, and the free cookie certainly helped.
5	It's an interesting mix of opinions posted about Chino Bandito. Frankly on my first visit I wasn't sure what to think. On my next visit I was hooked.  Whenever I find myself near the 17 and Greenway I'm thinking about stopping by for eat-in or take-out.Chino Bandido is definitely a funky place as everyone says. It's in a not so fancy strip mall with not so fancy decor inside. But look past it and you'll have some fun. Even though it's kind of funky I did find it to be clean - and I'm extremely finicky about cleanliness.Some of the menu winners include the #13 Pollo Diablo, which delights with garlic and hot peppers. Besides that the #10 Emerald Chicken has a wonderful flavoring including ginger that is well-teamed with the jerk fried rice. Enjoy the hot sauce and interesting mix of flavors.  I also like the chocolate volcano which is only available on certain days.Yes it is an odd mix of Mexican, Chinese and Caribbean flavors, but it works. Chino Bandito is VERY inexpensive and highly recommended. Just keep an open mind.
5	02.07.10I'm not going to lie, extra star cuz I like saying the name.  Chino Bandido!  Say it with me now.  Chino Bandido.This is a great place for first timers.  They treat you to an array of samples and then hold your hand the rest of the way through your order.We finally decided to split a combo with jerk chicken fried rice, jerk chicken quesadilla and a milder version (#6) [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=CYvTr9FyNWmnyn4Fqud0QA].Sutter Home wine for $3 to go with your meal.The jerk chicken fried rice haunts my dreams.Seriously, who would have thought to put Chinese food in a quesadilla?
5	My 1200th review.... how far I have come..... SBCers I have found my paradise and I want to take this place home with me. First off...they give you a flavor profile mini taste tour when you come and its your first time. They walk you through mild all the way to their jerk chicken. The guy working the counter last night was super helpful. You can tell where the good food is because pork is not the only thing on the menu... as we were finishing our taste testing a dozen cops came in for lunch/ early dinner. It looked like 10 out of the 12 come here frequently and it shows.I went with the emerald chicken (which was AMAZING), a jade chicken QUESADILLA and the pork fried rice....wait.. I ALSO GET A COOKIE! The jade chicken was that perfect sweet and I know it sounds weird but tasted really good in a cheese quesadilla (just that right amount of crispy outside). the emerald chicken was amazingly well balanced.. it was light and fresh... just what I needed after being up since 5 AM and travelling. The pork fried rice was perfect.....my beans took me for a brief moment to my happy place...the snickerdoodle was like the Santa Cruz Pacific Cookie Company was here in Arizona... i waited five minutes and then ate it in the car while going to our time shareThe boyfriend got the emerald chicken, the jerk fried rice and the carnitas.. it was gone in 5 minutes (shoved all into his mouth). I am a big fan of triple D and when I saw this place I put it on the places I want to go before I die... yep... lived up to the hype....
1	My girlfriend and I saw Chino Bandido on Diners Drive-ins & Dives and decided to check it out while visiting Phoenix last weekend. What a disappointment!  Erik T. and Roland W. are on-the-money with their reviews. While the employees were nice and very helpful with their overly complicated ordering process, the place was dirty and it took way too long to get our food. We thought the refried beans and fried rice were good but my machaca was bone-dry and my girl's gringo chicken and emerald chicken were absolutely flavorless. The egg foo yung was just OK.  We'd have been better off going to Taco Bell.  Way over-hyped.
2	I still can't get over this whole Chinese Mexican whachamacallit concept. Granted, the story of a couple combining their cultural backgrounds is lovely, but I cannot wholeheartedly accept this combination of cuisines.First timers are given a taste tour of couple items. Little sample cups of their meats and rice. Out of their 14 main items, they include things like: carnitas, Chinese bbq pork, egg foo young, jade red chicken (sweet&sour), jen red pork (sweet&sour), emerald chicken (ginger&onion), etc. The menu: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=BMDFYI4Hl-Vw7rsjvzbhVQ)For those who are unaware, I am not a big fan of Chinese food. So imagine my dismay after realizing my options. And coming from the Bay Area where Chinese food is readily available and at higher standards, I did not travel all this way to have Chinese food, let alone...fusion Chinese food. But my friends were eager to try this, and so there I was.Food can be ordered in the following options:1) Rice bowl: Choice of a main item and steamed rice (too Chinese for me. Pass!)2) Combo: Choice of two main items with steamed rice (even more Chinese. Pass!)3) Quesadilla: Choice of a main item with cheese (had quesadilla already. Pass!)4) Burrito: Choice of a main item in tortilla (my only option)Jerk Chicken with Cuban Black Bean Burrito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=eap6hGNvq6Afm-xjso-nAA): The thought of putting sweet and sour pork or egg foo young in a burrito frightened me. So I opted for the safer choices. The jerk chicken was marinated with really hot peppers, which I did not know beforehand. And the black beans were also spicy. My mouth was on fire!!!! The burrito was $3.50. Added black beans and cheese. Plus a fountain drink, my total came to $8! The burrito was tiny! What the heck did I pay for?! Tastewise, the burrito was dry. And their choice of 'hot sauces' were a homemade black bean sauce or some sweet tangy egg roll dipping sauce. Bleh.Each order came with a cookie (Snickerdoodle or Volcano) which was a nice touch. But how does a cookie tie into Chinese or Mexican cuisine?One of the most confusing dining experiences ever. Oh yeah, it was another Guy Fieri DDD spot.This Chino did not likeO.
5	Why has no one else thought of this before?  This place is awesome!  Yes, it's a bit greasy...and your stomach is usually a little more than confused at what you've just put into it...but your mouth is damn happy!  We tend to go for spicy - so my husband would always get something super hot (pollo diablo, for one) in a quesadilla or burrito (sometimes both).  I've tried some of the sweeter ones (emerald chicken), but I think they really spicy entrees work best.  So so yummy!  They also make a pretty good snickerdoodle to finish off your meal with!
3	Sometimes I wish I had no shame. I wanted to curl up next to the monstrous statue of the Chino Bandido in the dinig room to take a photo.  Alas, there is still some shame left in me...I love the idea of CB: Mexican Asian Fusion.  My favorite part about this place is the mini tour of the flavors you're taken on if you let them know that you're new. I loved being able to taste so much stuff: Carnitas, Jerk Fried Rice, Jade Red Chicken, Black Beans, etc.  The dish I most wanted to try, Pollo Diablo, was not on the tasting menu, but other thigns were tasty.  I also like that with the combination meals, you can get two meat items and get them served plain (over rice), in a burrito, or in a quesadilla.  Adding cheese to stuff is almost always a good idea, but not to asian flavored meats. That's weird.We ordered two combinations with Carnitas, Jerk Chicken, Jen Red Pork, and the Pollo Diablo. Quick summary:-Carnitas: pretty flavorful; one of the better dishes-Jerk Chicken: a bit on the dry side and not as spicy as advertised.  Perhaps we roll too hot for most places.-Jen Red Pork: Crispy on the outside, mostly tender inside. A sweet, warmish sauce. Not bad at all.-Pollo Diablo: This was supposed to be my star (thanks Guy Fieri for hyping it!). It was spicier than the others, but not necessarily more flavorful.  It was dry in the burrito, so I opened up the tortilla and munched on it plain.  More moist, but mostly oily moist and very little flavor otherwise.-Black beans: pretty flavorful but the consistency of grout. Seriously. These beans lined the walls of my stomach and wouldn't leave!-Free cookie!  DId you say free?  Cookie?  Yay! Chocolcate Volcano cookie was nothing like a volcano, but yummy nonetheless!I love the idea and love the friendly service.  I don't love the meh flavors or the way my stomach felt for the rest of the day: gut-bomb city!It is, however, a weird torture I might endure again if I lived here.  There's something that pulls me towards you, you cute, chubby, Chino Bandido!
4	We went to this restaurant feeling dubious.  My mother wanted to eat here, but my husband and I were hesitant as we are vegetarians.  We chose to go ahead and appease her.  We went to the counter and asked the employee what vegetarian options were available.  Not only did he explain all our options, he let us taste everything first.  My husband and I decided to get a chili relleno quesadilla, which was one of the most amazing things I have ever had to eat.  We also got Cuban black bean tostadas and a veggie quesadilla.  The Cuban black beans were out of this world delicious, and the veggie quesadilla was pleasant enough.  Both were served with this amazing ginger cilantro sauce.  It had a weird smell but the flavor was out of this world.  The salsa was also good.  We also got an egg foo yung burrito which was not that great.  But the chili relleno quesadilla was so amazing it made up for the not so good burrito.  In addition, for dessert we got some out of this world cookies.  I had my husband go up to order more chili relleno quesadillas (let me just add that never in my life have I ever enjoyed chili relleno, so this has to say just how fantastic they are that I would want more) but unfortunately they had just run out of chili's.  To make up for it, the nice employee gave us more cookies to take with us!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  It was delicious and I can't wait for my next trip to Phoenix to eat there again.
3	I Chino'd your Bandido! Translation: You sunk a rock into my belly Fun concept (they can explain), mediocre to good food. Pros: - They let you sample their most popular meats - 2 tastes in one (Mexican and Asian fusion) - The Panda has a Mexican style mustache (almost got them 4 stars)! Cons: - The food is ok, and sits like a rock in your gut - Atmosphere in the dining room is nonexistent The best meat was the Jen Red Pork. This is a place I would definitely recommend to try once, especially since it so light on the wallet. However, once will be enough for me.
3	I am glad I tried this place.  I had heard rumors and stopped in here with a coworker who LOVEs it here.  I enjoyed the samples they provide and ordering is a little tricky for the first timer  but they are ready and willing to help you out there at the counter.  The food combinations are unique and flavorful.  I would recommend trying the place but as most of the DDD places I have gone to, meeeh.  Don't feel the need to go back.
5	After doing the math, it turns out I've been coming to Chino's for 16 years, but until yesterday I could never put my finger on why I love it so.  Chino's appeals to me, and likewise turns many off, because they know exactly what their flaws are and proudly display those flaws front and center without shame.  They have no intention of conforming to the industry's idea of what a "good" restaurant is supposed to look like.  Their loyal following is ok with that.Instead, going to Chino's is a lot like visiting your great-grandma that's lived in the same house forever in a now run down neighborhood.  You know you'll always be greeted with a big, warm, bosomy hug immediately followed by gut busting cooking that may not be Cordon Bleu-worthy but is filled with enough love to make up for it.  Chino's staff and all their customers are some of the nicest people to ever gather in a restaurant, and embrace every new customer as one of their own.  The customers are all so happy to be there they almost look giddy.  And like great-grandma's house, the place is filled with stories - of the original owners, how it got its name, celebrities and local titans of industry who ate there - as evidenced by the hundreds of pictures and memorabilia around the place.  If you're ever feeling lonely, go to Chino's during lunchtime.  You won't feel lonely long.Guy Fieri's the best, but sometimes I wish he hadn't visited Chino's.  It's really not his kind of place and that gave people incorrect expectations.  Chino's would have been better represented by Anthony Bourdain.  It's his kind of food.I'll leave with some random thoughts to help you decide whether you're a good candidate for a Chino's visit, and to make the most of it:The full name is "Chino Bandido Takee-Outee".  It is meant to be a take-out joint.  They added a very basic dining area as a courtesy, but if that's not good enough for you for goodness sake get your food to-go and take it to North Mountain Park or something.They call it mexican/chinese fusion food, but it isn't IMHO.  It's uniquely their own style with recipes developed by the chinese girl that bandit stole.  Go in only if you can throw out your preconceived ideas about either cuisine.The food is perfect in its imperfections.  You don't want to know the nutritional content.  Really.  Even the many non-meat items.  So when you try those samples, throw the diet out the door and get what tastes best to you.  The meal will make itself known long after you're done, and you will without question need a nap afterward.  And the same dish won't taste quite the same next time you come in as it does today; or the time after that.  Depends who's cooking and what's going on in their life that day, I think, but there's never been a time I didn't love it anyway.  This is food meant to be played with.  Anything can be made into a quesadilla or rice bowl or burrito or whatever.  Can be a problem for the indecisive type, so ask one of the heavy set guys sporting a polo shirt and corporate i.d. badge what you should order.  He won't steer you wrong.Now if all this stuff doesn't sound absolutely amazing to you, please don't go to Chino's.  I really don't want to read your whiney-a&^ review after I've gone to all this trouble for you.  If it does sound amazing...well, prepare to be embraced into the bosom of Chino's!
5	I've been eating here since I moved here in 2000. As far as the 5 star rating "as good as it gets", well, it's as good as it gets for what it is. I think some of the other reviewers just don't "get it".  Is it extremely good mexican food? No. Is it extremely good chinese food? No. Are there booths and waiters? No. Does it have good food, for a good price, quick, friendly service, and a good casual atmosphere? Yes!And to the people who say "I don't think I want chinese and mexican at the same time"... Are you stupid? Then just order one! Duh! No one is forcing you to order both. And then to the people who say ordering is confusing... have you never ordered off a sushi menu? Very similar. And, the staff will help you order, if you're just way out there and don't understand.And to the ones who say "I don't see how a snicker-doodle cookie ties in?" Dude - you're getting a free cookie! Who cares how it "ties in"?Sorry for the negativity, but I hate it when people don't "get" that this is a dive joint, with a concept - one of the best dive joints/concepts in North Phoenix.
5	Chino's is as good as it gets. The food is creative, delicious and simply amazing!I love the different combinations of items, and more than anything else, I love the fun, homey, comfortable atmosphere and the incredibly friendly and generous owners.I think this restaurant concept is perfect for franchising. The food is super creative and different than any other "fusion" restaurant (or at least from what I could find on the Internet!) I wish there were chains of it here in California so that I could get my Chino's fix everyday instead of twice a year!My favorites are :- Jen red pork - Hen grenade (in a quesadilla or burito)- Emerald chicken (on its own with fried rice or in a quesadilla)- I don't like beans in general, but I LOVE the black beans as well as the refried beans here. Don't know what their secret recipe for these two dishes are, but whatever it is, I LOVE it!- Snickerdoodles!!! I pick up a dozen or two and bring back with me to California each time I come. If I am lucky and I happen to be there during the weekend when they make "Volcano" cookies, then I am really LUCKY cuz these are the BEST!
5	Jade red chicken- you alone make me want to come back to Phoenix. Cool mix of the Caribbean, Mexican, and Chinese food. Amazing prices and they let you sample everything before you order!
5	The first thing I thought of when I heard of Chino Bandido nearly 10 years ago was that Chinese-Mexican food does not seem like a good mix.  Boy was I incorrect about that, it is definitely an experience.  I cannot get enough Jade Red Chicken and Black Beans, they are the two things I constantly crave from Chino's.  I have tried everything on the menu (they give you samples if you've never been there before), and I eat other things there often, but I ALWAYS get the Jade Red Chicken.  I love how you can make any entree into a quesadilla or burrito.  The place is kind of a dive, but that adds to its charm.  Plus, you and a group of friends can have a play a rousing game of Jenga while waiting for your food, it's the makings of a fun time.  I understand that this place is not for everybody, but I would say that you should give a try and see what you think, it just might surprise you.Don't forget the snicker-doodles.
3	people in phoenix will think this is a cool idea and the food is good, but as chinese, it's really just mediocre chinese food with tortillas mixed in.  i can't be a fan cuz the value is not there.  you know you can get those kinds of chinese food elsewhere for cheap, but when you're in the phoenix area, what can you do?
4	Chinese-Mexican-Jamaican fusion cuisine.....who knew?!?  Well, evidently a lot of people now, thanks to Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  We've been twice (we're only in Phoenix twice a year, or we'd probably be here once a week, at least!)The BF had his fave, chile relleno.  It comes coated with crunchy Panko crumbs, which he loved.  This time I had the emerald chicken, with a sauce like a ginger-green onion pesto that rocked my taste buds.  I also had the jen-red pork; the meat was a little dry. (The jade-red chicken, which is similar, had more moist meat when I had that last time and seemed to fit the sauce better.)We both had the black beans, which are highly flavored and have a hint of heat. They beat all other beans I've ever had anywhere else.  Their machaca is the same in that respect - uniquely flavored and heads above the rest (no egg in this version, in case you're looking for them.)There are 4 rice choices (I am not a rice person, so I can't comment fairly here.)  There are also many more entree choices, including an all-vegetable dish.  I'm sure we'll get around to each and every one in subsequent visits!
3	If I'm ever up for a grease-laden meal, I know where to go. The carnitas was probably my favorite item from my combo meal. Meat was tender and juicy. Jade red chicken reminded me of Panda Express Orange Chicken just with a different sauce. Fried rice seemed a bit dry. Refried black beans had a nice spicy kick to them.
1	You gotta be kiddin me, not even worth the hype, bad Chinese and Mexican, definetly belongs in dives
5	The most unique place in Phoenix (land of the chain restaurant). A friend tipped me off to this place about a year after I moved here and it is far and away my favorite place in the valley. I can't come up with a single complaint, delicious food, friendly and helpful staff (free samples of items if you're a first timer trying to decide), a huge plate of food for the price and they even sell beer! This is the first place I take anyone who comes to visit and they usually wind up wanting to eat here again before leaving!
4	It's got a panda that looks like Pancho Villa.  That's an A+ in my book for style.  The food ranges from "That was okay" to "That was awesome."  Serving time, really quick.  I'm not down with their cookies, but my friends think I'm insane for thinking this, so perhaps it is just me.  Thumbs up for serving cookies though - if you're going to mix Mexican and Asian food, why the heck not add cookies?  Overall, good price, good food, Panda with guns.
3	I like Mexican food and I like Chinese food, so why not? Interesting menu. The Jade Red Chicken is as good as any Orange or General Tso's you'll find, and I like that there is a wide variety of choices here. Good food, especially if you like spicy!I have one beef with this restaurant, and that is the cleanliness. Walking in, you'll notice that the decor and general feel of the place is very low budget. Uncomfortable seating, very weathered ceilings, and generally messy. No big deal. But the restrooms were disgusting, the eating area was dirty, and the trash was overflowing. The place was busy, but there's no excuse for the condition of the men's restroom! It looked like something (or someone) exploded in a truck stop restroom on a state highway. I would have chalked it up to a busy night, but the door and walls were filthy (almost black) with handprints from weeks (if not months) of neglect. All but one of the trash bins were over-stuffed, and most of the tables were dirty. We didn't see anyone cleaning anything. I'm glad I didn't go into the restroom until after I ate!If it were my business, I would put at least a few dollars toward general maintenance and upkeep. Maybe even invest in a few nicer tables & chairs. If it were close to clean, I'd give at least 4 stars.
5	Let's put it this way....I kick myself if I don't stop at this place when I visit Phoenix. This is on my to-do list. I have taken a taxi cab to this place when I didn't have a car.The Chile Relleno and Egg Foo young combo is amazing and will knock your socks off.
4	Visited Chino again a couple of nights ago. Hadn't been there for a couple of years and pretty much nothing has changed. Same great food. I went for Jade Red Chicken Burrito, Jerk Chicken Quesadilla, black beans and plain rice. I love the fact that they make everything from scratch in this place. The food is simply terrific, if a bit greasy, but that's to be expected from the type of food they serve.Remember, if it is your first time visiting be sure to let the staff know so they can give you samples of several items and show you how to order.
5	Holy crap!!!  So damn good!!  Bwa!  I love it!!  YES!!  Now please bring one to LA!
1	Good God, this place was really, really bad.  Not bad in a good way, not greasy but delicious bad, but really, really amazingly bad.  I had read online these amazing reviews about the Chino, so there I was today, an internet lemming heading up to Moon Valley to try it out.  I shop at Wal-Mart on Thomas, so I'm used to scary looking people.  Man, there was no preparing me for this place.  Bubba and his prison pals were hanging out watching a super loud TV in the dining room, shoveling food in their mouths and yelling at their kids running around the joint in between bites of greasy food.I have to admit, watching it made me 1., wish birth control was more readily available to some people, but also 2., look forward to the sloppy congealed mess that was slapped in tinfoil plates.  I appreciate sloppy and greasy food.  Hell, I grew up on the stuff.  Maybe it wasn't a good sign that, after paying over $10 for what looked like a tv dinner accompanied by a styrofoam soda, an employee of the Chino was smacking insects with a fly swatter on the table next to mine.  But I decided that if it was good enough to be one of the top rated restaurants in Phoenix, it was good enough for me.I could not have been more wrong.  I ordered the Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken, Jerk Fried Rice & refried beans.  The reviews I read said this was the best food north of Guadalajara and west of Shanghai.  I took a bite of everything on my plate, one different serving at a time...and it was disgusting!  This "food" made me think that my little brother got stoned, threw some four-day old take-out Chinese food in the microwave, threw a ton of pepper all over it and topped it off with Frito-Lay bean dip.So at this point, I'm feeling ripped off.  Over ten bucks for this slop?  I threw it all away and felt defeated.  Never before had I ever let a meal get the best of me.  And I've eaten British food, so I can tell you what crap tastes like.I took my cookie and walked out, driving up to Bell Road to McDonalds, vowing never to eat at any restaurant that that douchebag Guy Fieri has ever visited.
4	The concept of Chino Bandido sounds just plain wrong with it's mash-up of Chinese, Mexican, and Caribbean fare, but everything just seems to go well together...surprisingly.  I visited CB for lunch on a short weekend trip to Phoenix and ordered up a combination that would please my spice addiction - jerk fried rice, jade red chicken, and jerk chicken quesadilla.  They even give you a cookie for dessert.  Score!  Bold flavor.  Surprisingly not greasy.  I was craving more all weekend.  I can't wait to make another visit to Phoenix and go to Chino Bandido again.
4	This such a unique place and so is the food. Oh and by the way it is fantastic!!
4	So I've been back a bunch of times.  But I just have to add, their volcano cookies served only on weekends (or maybe every other weekend) are awesome, even better than the snickerdoodles.  Picture a brownie-like cookie, soft and gooey on the inside, covered with powdered sugar.  Awesome.Still love their machacha beef, emerald chicken, and veggie quesadilla.  The chile relleno wasn't nearly as good as I remembered it being, I will not order that in the future.
4	I was unsure when I first saw the place--I mean, from the outside it doesn't look like anything special.  Going in didn't change that impression.  And Asian Mexican fusion? But one bite of the jade red chicken and cuban beans and I was hooked.  I love this place.  The atmosphere is cafeteria type but  the food and  the snickerdoodles more then compensate for that.  It's all good.
4	The regular location for #techlunchnorth, I was there again today.I have been a fan of Chino Bandido for many years, and was pleased to be able to return, after moving back to AZ.Today I ordered the jerk chicken, and carnitas.The jerk chicken is always one of my choices; it's moist and tender, and the seasonings have enough of a kick to make it "jerk", but not enough for you to want to call the cook that.The carnitas seemed a bit dry today. I've had it in the past, but today something seemed off.Chicken-fried rice, and black beans, to round out the meal.And the cookie is always a delicious treat after the meal.Easy and fast, and good flavor. A perfect combination.
4	I feel pretty comfortable saying that this was the best Chinese-Mexican food that I've ever had.  I opted for the combo bowl and that enabled me to enjoy both the Chinese and Mexican flavors with every bite.  I now know that re-fried black beans and Jade Red Chicken are a natural combination.  The Emerald Chicken was also very good, as was the pork fried rice.  For those of you who haven't been to the Bandido before, the ordering process isn't too difficult to grasp.  Not only will the employees hold your hand while you order, they're also eager to give you samples of many of the dishes.  This way if you aren't sure if you want an Egg Foo Young in a burrito or Chinese BBQ Pork in a quesadilla, you can make an informed decision.  The combo was really too much food.  Nevertheless, the complimentary cookie for dessert was a good way to end my Chino Bandido experience.
4	Ay Yai, Yai Yai, I Yam the Chino Bandido!        Can you hear the tune?  We took the trek from downtown Phoenix to the 'burbs to get this Mexican Chinese fusion fast food.  it was was an easy drive there, but a round-a-bout way back thanks to my refusal to read a map and my co-pilots poor navigating skills.  We were trying to "see" the Arizona typical architecture--in the dark... But we WERE full and happy.It was so totally worth the drive!  A helpful girl de-mystified  the ordering process  and fed us samples. It's a confusing ordering process to the uninitiated,  I won't even try to describe how to order, the helpful girl will do a much better job when you get there.  We ordered the Jade Red Chicken--like General Tso's Chicken, ok, nothing spectacular.  Pork fried rice--I loved this, different flavor and tasty to please me. Chinese BBQ pork--different from te bright red Chinese style that I was expecting. Very delicately flavored...so good.  Emerald Chicken-- a nice bright clean flavor with cilantro, my favorite. Chile Relleno--filled with a lot of cheese and fried in what looked like a Cheeze-It crust?  Wierd and too crunchy.  A mouth full of crackers and melted cheese with a hint of roasted chile. Um, no. Cuban Black beans, they were good because I'm not a fan of refried beans.Casual fast food environment in a strip mall. With a free snickerdoodle!
5	Chino is the best most unique food joint in the Phoenix area.  I was turned onto it over 10 years ago when I used to golf at the local muni track right across the street.  I now live further away but still eat there every time I'm in the area.My favorite combo:1.  jerk chicken2. chili rellenorefried beans
3	This place was on Dirty Dining a few weeks ago: http://www.kpho.com/health/24045479/detail.html.  Also, according to the Maricopa County Health Inspector, they have a fly/pest problem... a can of Raid found on the food prep areas?  Yuck. According to the Maricopa County website:  "WARNING: DUE TO REPEATED, SEVERE, AND/OR NUMEROUS VIOLATIONS NOTED ON THIS INSPECTION LEGAL ACTION IS BEING INITIATED. FAILURE TO PERMANENTLY CORRECT VIOLATIONS NOTED ON THIS INSPECTION MAY RESULT IN PROBATION AND/OR CLOSURE OF YOUR ESTABLISHMENT."
4	I had heard of this place before it was featured on the Food Network's show, I just never realized that it was only a few miles away from my place. Had the opportunity to try last night. We walked in and the staff was very friendly. They seemed to realize our confusion over where to sit and how to order. An employee gave us samples of about six different menu items. All were tasty. The refried black beans were not spicy at all. I ordered the jerk chicken in a quesadilla, the jade red chicken and jerk fried rice. Each was delicious! Along w/ a drink and volcano cookie (which is more like a brownie/cookie), the dinner cost about $10 per person. Very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  I can't believe it took me this long to come to this place. I will definitely be back!
4	I visited this place twice over a brief period. Guy Fieri of the Food Network visited this place and it's won awards as the spot to go in Phoenix.It's got this unique Chinese and Mexican blend to its food, I would say the blend is balanced and complementary. To me, that would mean they are both tasty and promote waistline widening. I'm very adverse to spicy or saucy food so I stick to the clean, healthy and boring food. I usually go for the 2 items saucy Egg Foo and the dry gingered Emerald Chicken with rice, pinto beans and vegetables to make it a well balance sampler of health and grease. It's possible to make it all healthy by going for all Chicken and vegetables and white rice. Having this meal makes me full and the various flavors are awesome and refreshing contrasts to fast food. This can possible be the only meal I eat all day. I paid about $9 for my meal. They gladly allow you to sample any of the menu items prior to ordering your customizable meal. You would go to a big communal room with plain table seatings with everyone else, wait about 5-10 minutes for the servers to bring your fresh dish for you while you watch the flatscreen TV set featuring sports. The food is its main strength, second by good service and decor is not considerable. I stumbled at this place when I dropped of household wares to get repaired.   It is located in an interesting strip mall that also features a Byzantine restaurant, juice store, smoke shop, shoe repair shop and theme bars. Parking is plenty. I would definitely come here with a group again. This is on my recommended list.
4	I just went here for lunch.  I really have nothing to add to the other reviews on here because they pretty much all sum it up.  It gets crowded, the ordering process is a clusterfuk, they place looks sketchy and dirty, the staff is very friendly and helpful, yada yada.  The place isn't worth all the hype but definitely is worth a visit if you are in the mood for something unique.  Its not the healthiest or highest quality cuisine, but it is a pretty solid place and worth a shot.* Jerk Chicken = very good* Pollo Diablo = spicy and awesome and my stomach is going to hate me later* Jade Red Chicken = excellent* Pork Fried Rice = very good* Red Salsa Stuff = excellent* Refried Beans = standard* Snickerdoodle Cookie = awesome
3	I'll preface this review saying I am a lifelong Chinese foodie and since I live in So Cal, Mexican is second nature to me. I saw Chino Bandido on DDD with Guy Fieri and swore that I would make a stop if I was ever in the area. This was one of the must try on the list, so here we go...Since I had a later than I wanted breakfast @ Matt's, Kathy and I decided to share an entree, so we would have room for dinner. After reading all the reviews on Yelp, we decided on the combo of Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken and Pork fried rice. I thought the owner should have called the Jade Red Chicken Red Lantern Chicken or something to better reflect the color. The Jade Red Chicken was the tastiest out of the combo. It reminded me of Orange Chicken, but not as tangy or as greasy. The Jerk Chicken was Kathy's idea and it fell a little flat as other than the jerk rub, the chicken itself was bland and needed to be dipped in their hot sauce or hoisin sauce to help the flavor. The Pork fried rice was very good and tied the meal together.I was tempted to order the BBQ Pork quesadilla, but I'm not training for any eating competitions, so waist be saved! Chino Bandido felt like Chinese food with a Mexican flair. If you look at what the majority of the people out there order, it is the Chinese meats with rice and either beans and/or a quesadilla/burrito. There wasn't meats like lengua, carne asada, al pastor that can truly be called fusion cuisine. I really liked the complementary cookie that they gave out. Usually it is a Snickerdoodle and a special of the day, which turned out to be a caramel oatmeal raisin, which was pretty damn good.Overall, I would have liked to give Chino Bandido a 3.5 stars, but since there is no such thing, a three will suffice for now. I think another visit and a completely different combo can either confirm the ratings or show me what I am missing for a higher rating. An interesting note: I must have seen a chinese buffet or restaurant at every block of the 5 miles drive back to the hotel. Chinese is prevalent, but until Ming Tsai or truly authentic Chinese chefs can raise the cuisine bar, Chino Bandido is more than worthy of the fusion crown in Phoenix.
5	Three words...Jade Red Chicken. Oh my gosh so good! As well as their emerald chicken. I live a good thirty minutes away and will drive all that way  just for their food! Staff is always super friendly and willing to help you order. Fantastic food and suggest anyone in the area check this place out.
5	i literally eat the roof off of this joint.My girlfriend introduced me to Chino about 2 years ago. Since then i have probably eaten here about 20 times. My go to plate is jade red chicken, pork fried rice, black refried beans, and a machaca quesadilla (when i am feeling crazy i also order a pollo diablo burro).Somedays the food portions are larger than others and some days the food is better than others. I ate here last night and i was the best it has ever been resulting in a classic 5 star yelp review (shocked i haven't reviewed it already considering i'm addicted to chino).I have eaten at both locations but prefer the 19th ave location. The thing you gotta love about this place is how crazy it gets in there. You've got a crazy menu to order from, and a hilarious open area of plastic tables and chairs filled with people not really sure of whats going on. Theres kids running around climbing all over a giant panda while everyone is dying to hear their name called out so they can feast on a crazy mexican chinese infused plate of heaven.If you have never been don't be shy and get a few free samples from the sample area to the left of the register. I still have not tried everything on the menu but will venture off my standard go to plate one day.5 stars for sure and i love this place after a hard Sunday of tailgating/drinking at the Cardinals game.
3	I use to love this place when my coworkers introduced me to this place in 2004.Such a neat concept, fusion of Chinese and Mexican food. Who would've thought to combine crazy combinations like Emerald chicken in a quesedilla? Or bbq pork in a burrito with fried rice?If you have never been here, they offer a sampling station of all the different ingredients they offer. Think of it as a coscto sampling, but all combined in one stop.After you know what the ingredients are, it's the ordering that's fun.The menu is on a single piece of paper, different sections: Make your combo, rice bowl, sides, and drinks.I would highly recommend doing the combo, as it lets you choose 2 ingredients, beans, and rice. Basic art of building your combo is to first choose the meat you want ( you get 2 choices). My favorite is the emerald chicken (its minced ginger/green onino and chicken, very good) and the jade red chicken (Lightly coated, deep-fried chicken glazed with slightly spicy sweet sauce). There's other choices such as jerk fried chicken, carnitas, chile relleno, hengrenade chicken, teriyaki chicken, etc.After you choose the meat, you choose whether to have it wrapped in a burrito or quesadilla (they use the wok to pan fry it). I usually do one of the meats in a quesadilla and the other by itself.Then you choose the beans (refried or black beans) and the rice (plain rice is included, fried rice extra $).That's it! Then you put your drink and the name you want to be known as. I've heard of many folks putting hilarious names, but I haven't had the guts to try that yet.The taste is very good in my opinion, but tends to be a bit on the greasy side. However in the past few years, I noticed their portions are getting smaller and the price increasing. So haven't gone as much as before, hence I'm giving this place a 3 star. It definitely is a neat concept and lunchtimes are always packed with people. Worth a try if you want to try some new crazy fusion Chinese/Mex food.PS: This was the original Chino Bandido location, so the place looks a  bit more dumpy than the one in Chandler.PS(2): Was featured on the Food Networks by Guy Fier!!!
5	This place is awesome! Especially the Jerk Fried Rice and Jade Chicken. Don't worry about not knowing what you like, they let you sample everything on the menu.
5	I've been eating here since the early 90's, though haven't for a few years. Went back the other day, ordered Jade, Jerk Quesadilla, and double black beans with a volcano.  Same as before. Perfect.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Arizona! I now live in Scottsdale and sometimes make the trip all the way to that side of town just for Chino. Been going for years and will continue to go. I always end up getting the same thing. The jade chicken, emerald chicken and jerk rice and the black beans. Amazing!! And then they throw in an awesome tasting cookie with it. If you want a good new taste and amazing food Chino is a good new place to try!
5	So today this chino finally met the Bandido, and it sure was good! My first time here so i got to try some samples of different concoctions of asian/mexican food to see what i would like. Now if you're looking for good chinese food this isnt the place, and if you're looking for good mexican food this isnt the place. This place was meant for the fusion of both together to create a new style of food. For example i had the emerald chicken, which was pan fried or steamed chicken breast with the green onion ginger sauce they put on chinese steamed chicken, it was ok i probably wont get it again because it was just something i could make at home, but then i had the roasted pork in a burrito, now if you know how the red chinese roast pork taste like try to picture this in your mind, the sweetness of the sauce that marinades the meat with the chewyness of the best kind of tortilla, the chewy soft not dry kind. And the flavor of the flour tortilla all topped with some salsa which i think they use sweet chili sauce, im not sure but it was dang good. But thats not all i got the pork fried rice underneath which was weird yet savory at the same time, the way they season the fried rice makes it taste different and unique. The plate i had also came with a side of black beans which were pretty amazing as well. I am by no means a bean liking person, however these beans were so good i had to eat em, they had a savoryness with some spice, almost like they made it with a little soy sauce and chili. Last but not least the sugar cookie, it tasted homemade and was soft, and chewy. Overall i think it depends on the person, it could be a hit or miss with this place because the flavors are so unique and different. Theres one thing for sure though, if you get the two item plate you will be stuffed, i was so full afterward i felt like i didn't need a dinner, but that didn't stop me from eating one anyways! ;)
3	Chino is always an experience.   It's always fun to watch new people try to figure out how to order at Chino.  If you are going for lunch on a weekday...get there early. I personally think there is too much hype over Chino.  The food is just "ok".  It's nothing to rave over in my opinion.   The complimentary cookie is a nice touch though.The machaca quesadilla is my favorite.  Jade Red Chicken is good too.  They raised their prices not too long ago and now I don't go there so often.
5	We all love Chinese food.  And of course, we all love Mexican food.  And then, there's Chino Bandido.  I don't living in Phoenix, but, this is one dive I hit up every time I'm in town.  The fact is, each time you eat at Chino, it could be a new experience.  I confess that I waited till AFTER I'd eaten there a bunch of times before I dared think about putting pen to paper and write a review.  There are simply too many combinations (and too little stomach space) to be able to really get a good sense of their food in one sitting.  Once you find the combinations that you love, you'll be hooked.  I'm not going to start by painting myself as the prototypical self-professed foodie.  Hey, I love foie and truffle oil as much as the next guy.  But, more than anything, I love my comfort food grub.  And whatever your fancy, there's probably something at Chino that you will love.  Note the recent popularity and variety of food trucks abound.  The first thing that comes to mind when I think of Chino food, is that it's kind of food truck-ish (but, this was before the food trucks, and done in a way the food trucks couldn't possibly replicate).  Some call it Chinese-Mexican fusion.  It's certainly not "fusion" in the expected sense.  It's more like what you'd get if you asked a really great Chinese chef to prepare a Mexican meal, do it inside a really big food truck, and serve it in disposable/recyclable containers.  It's got the bright and complex Chinese flavors that we have become really familiar with, but, delivered in a very simple and comforting Mexican format that most of us in this country have grown accustomed to.  Set aside the fancy napkins and place-settings for a bit.  It's not by any means pretentious food, and, as regulars would attest to, you can eat here on a shoe-string budget.  It doesn't hurt that with your meal, they also serve (if they have any left) a homemade snickerdoodle or chocolate volcano cookie to finish things off.  These things are to die for, and man, I'll tell you ... get me the recipes for the cookies alone and it would be enough to make a business venture out of.  It's easy to see how some might be fooled by the simplicity of Chino's food, considering the type of joint this is.  But, there's something very rich, comforting, and accessible about it that keeps regulars coming back for more.  Just ask them (you can always spot the regulars by how they order).  My personal favorite is the Emerald Chicken in a quesadilla.  Or, wait, ... is it the red chicken over jerked fried rice.  See the problem?  Thats why I usually order both.
3	I came here after much hype having seen it on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives and some other top 100 restaurants show on the Travel Chanel. Over hyped. The food was OK and not what they had made it seem to be. The snicker-doodle was good, but no one goes there just for that. The place itself is a little dirty and sketchy with its plastic tables and chairs, this is defenatly a take-out place rather than a sit-down place, or "takee-outee" as their sign suggests.  I like the idea of Chinese and Mexican fusion, but here it's not executed well. There's a sit-down restaurant on 15th Ave & Indian School called Red Dragon (formerly Daily Buffet), they too fuse Chinese and Mexican though not the same format as Chino's; here you can order individual items off the menu or pay for the buffet around lunchtime and pick and choose from the Chinese hot table and Mexican hot table...so Chino isn't alone in the fusion idea. For now I'll give Chino Bandido 3 stars and doubt I would be back.
3	Definitely an interesting concept of fusing Chinese and Mexican cuisine. It is an eating experience that you won't forget, and while I have mixed feelings on the experience, overall I think it was a good one. If you're a first timer to Chino, it can be a little overwhelming listening to their 10 minute introduction on how to order and combine the different foods. The lady was very helpful in her explanation, and I ended up telling her to give me whatever she liked best. The food itself was pretty good overall, I enjoyed some of the combinations a lot more than others. I think as you keep eating at Chino, you would eventually hone your choice of combinations down to what you would best enjoy. For a visitor, I left with an experience and some pretty decent food.
4	I grew up in the neighborhood and for some reason I thought Chino Bandido was a buffet. I was way off! I can't believe I waited so long to eat here but I am a little worried about my addiction to their chile relleno burrito. I think Chino Bandido made a deal with the devil when they created the best chile relleno ever! Its not your average chile relleno made with an egg its more like a giant jalepeno popper. I get it every time I come here with a veggie quesadilla and top it off with their yummy salsa. I am also obsessed with the snickerdoodle cookies and I don't really like cookies. The ordering system is kind of weird but if you act like its your first time there they'll just fill it out for you ;)
3	Been meaning to come here, because who isn't curious about the fusion of chinese food with mexican wrapped in a burrito or melted in a quesadilla? Well, it was interesting to eat for sure. The service is pretty good, very friendly, and if it's your first time, which is was for us, they give a sample of part of their menu (beans, red jade chicken, chicken with ginger, chicken fried rice, shredded pork, and jerk chicken was thrown in since we were curious)I got the egg foo young with no meat in a burrito and added regular fried rice to mine. It was pretty small, definitely not a chipotle sized serving of a burrito and slightly greasy (oil dripping out the tortilla when I took a bite greasy), but it was tasty. My friend got the chile relleno with the side of beans and the quesadilla with the gringo chicken, which she thought was ok. I think we kind of enjoyed our samples more. It surprisingly had a lot of seating inside and the decor is also a fusion of mexican and chinese culture with chili peppers dangling from the wall and tsing tao ads/chinese new year lanterns hanging from the ceiling. I would probably come back to try the meat dishes since the red jade chicken was a spiced up version of sweet and sour chicken and the jerk chicken fried rice was good. I think I might have gotten a stomach ache from it though.
2	My friends raved about this place and finally took me recently and I could not have been more disappointed.  The service was horrendous and slow.  I could have walked to either China or Mexico before I got my food.  The Diablo Chicken was dry and uninspired and the rice and beans were medicore at best.  Not sure what all the fan fare is about this place but I'll never go back.
4	So I have been many times and haven't wrote a review so here it goes.Chino Bandido is ultimate Mexican-Asian fusion with a twist of Caribbean in it.  They have many amazing dishes there I can't say which one I like best.  Plus you get a snickerdoodle cookie with every meal.  Today I had the machaca and pork fried rice.  The machaca was great not too dry and full of flavor.  The fried rice was very good as well and with the hot sauce they have is nice and spicy.  If you haven't been to Chino you are missing out.
4	Fried food, trashy decor, a part of greater Phoenix that you'd have no reason being in...It's greasy spoon eating at its best!I stopped at this place on the way to a vacation in Sedona since it's off the highway toward Sedona. It was recommended by Drive-In's, Diner's, and Dives, a.k.a. Triple-D, so I figure it couldn't be too bad.Just don't call it Chinese. Don't even call it Mexican. But it's darn good food!There's lots of good variety, and all the dishes are really unique and tasty. Don't know what to get? Ask the order-taker for a sample. Everything I had was good.And I love the restaurant's devotion to its suggestively racist mascot, a panda with a sombrero, long mustache, and ammunition sash, Pancho Villa-style. They even have a freaking statue of him in the middle of the restaurant, standing proud and tall, as if he were a Buddha waiting for restaurant patrons to bow down to him or present him offerings of Diablo Chicken and Snickerdoodles. All is good though, it only adds to the restaurant's eclectic-ness.
5	Jade red Chicken is to DIE for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  OMG
5	I love Mexican Food and Chinese Food and who would've thought... together? The place looks like a taco shop in the ghetto but who cares. The panda is wearing a sombrero and has a mustache and is holding a bowl of rice. The lady lets you sample some of the favorites which is unique because most restaurants you're stuck with guessing. I ordered a jade chicken quesadilla and ginger chicken with rice and beans. The food is amazing and whoever thought of this idea is genius. They give you a cookie with their order but my friend ordered "snickerdoodle" because it sounds funny. It was a cinnamon cookie.  And their on the wall it says "The Great Wall of Chino." Someday I'll be on that wall :)
2	We came here after seeing the place on Triple D, and after hearing a few great reviews from some friends.  I tried what most yelpers seemed to be recommending.. the jade chicken quesidilla, and the jerk chicken rice.  The food to me tasted like what I would get if I were to mix taco bell and panda express together.  Not bad enough to not eat, but nothing I'll ever need again.  I think in theory the idea works, but the quality of the ingredients seemed to be lacking.  Maybe I just caught them on a bad day or at a bad time, but we most likely won't be going back any time soon, especially with so many better options in the valley.
1	This place is filthy.  It isn't just a dive, it makes a Tijuana jail look clean.  I travel often and I have eaten in dumps all over the planet and this place is in the top 5 most disgusting.This food will mess up your stomach.  I still have it sitting in my stomach 21 hours later.  Not to mention the fact that I think the wife got food poisoning. The wife had the jade red chicken and the chile relleno with the jerk rice and refried beans.  The jade red chicken was dry, the chile relleno was covered in crackers and the chile was raw, and the beans tasted like they came from a can.I had the diablo chicken, jade red chicken, jerk rice, and refried beans.  Like I said, I'm pretty sure the beans are canned.  The diablo chicken was a little gamy and dry and the jade red was dry.  The jerk rice was ok.Long story short?  Don't bother.  I don't know what Guy Fieri saw in this place.
4	It was good, inexpensive and SUPER filling, lots of food for the price, plus you get to sample before you pick your meal so you know what you are in store for!
5	I've been going to Chino for over 10 years and it is still probably my favorite place on earth. In all that time, neither myself or anyone else I know has had any issues (while eating or after). I have taken many a friend to Chino's for the first time and their lives have never been the same (in a good way, of course). The place is a dive but it's not gross by any means and they'll let you sample anything on the menu.The jade red chicken is the most popular item and for good reason but try it in a quesadilla and it'll blow your mind (no really, try it- the owner himself was the one who turned me onto this and I will never go back). The black beans...so good I could eat them all day (but don't, unfortunately). I usually get hengrenade chicken as my second item and stick with white rice for mixing with my chicken and beans but the chile relleno and jerk fried rice are also fabulous. And a free (giant delicious) cookie for dessert...um yes please; the Snickerdoodles are classic but my one true love is the Volcano cookie. Love the Mexican panda, love the plastic chairs, LOVE THE FOOD. Chino really is the best so don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
5	Just an incredible combination of mexican and asian food and flavors. I'll admit I really wasn't sure if I was gonna like it. But I'm so glad I tried it.If it's you're first time, tell 'em and they'll give you several samples and explain the menu.  I loved the black beans with just a little spice.  Then I had ginger chicken and the jerk chicken.  Oh so good.  The chicken was moist and not fatty.  The ingredients were fresh and the flavors were just fantastic.Yes the inside is a bit rough, but not dirty.  Clearly people come for the food and friendly service.  I'd have been perfectly content sitting any where as long as I got to eat the food.Then to top it off you get a free snickerdoodle cookie...yum. I left completely stuffed, but didn't regret a single bite. In fact I want to go back again to try more tomorrow before I fly out.
5	I've heard about this place for years and after reading reviews on here I just HAD to go. Everything about the place exceeded my expectations which is why I'm happy to give Chino Bandito 5 stars.Moments after we walked in, a woman behind the counter asked if it was our first time there. She then began giving us samples of their most popular dishes and explaining each one. I already had in mind what I wanted to try from reading reviews but I really appreciated getting to try a few things I hadn't planned on ordering. She then explained the ordering process which is a little tricky so pay attention! Two combo meals and two beers came out to $24. Now that's one hell of a deal!After taking a seat in the dining area our food arrived within 5 minutes. Good golly, they do NOT skimp on portions, you get what you pay for and then some. I ordered the jade chicken in a quesodilla, chili relleno, jerk fried rice and the black beans. My boyfriend ordered the jade chicken, jerk chicken in a quesodilla, jerk fried rice and the black beans. The jade chicken was sooo good and even better in a quesodilla. The chili relleno was covered in bits of fried wontons. Cutting it open let loose an oozing river of melted cheese. The chili, cheese and wontons were beyond delicious - soft, gooey, crunchy. The jerk fried rice was super tasty and was a great compliment to everything on the plate... or rather, metal take out container. Then came the black beans. Let me tell you, I don't even like beans and I could not stop eating these beans! They have a slightly sweet taste that I couldn't get enough of. My boyfriend's jerk chicken quesodilla was also fantastic.This is definitely a neighborhood place. Throughout our meal kids were running around with a blow-up Spider Man doll while their parents enjoyed football on the TVs in the dining room. I was in such food heaven that the kids' ruckus, which normally would have annoyed me to no end, didn't even phase me. It was all part of the atmosphere. I also want to address a review that said the restaurant was "filthy". Certainly this was no fine dining establishment but it was by no means filthy, I wouldn't even call it dirty. My table was clean, my shoes didn't stick to the floor and there wasn't garbage strewn about. Oh and my tummy was just fine after eating their wonderful food.And the cookies! How could I forget? They had snickerdoodle and oatmeal raisin so we got both. The snickerdoodle was everything a snickerdoodle should be - soft, sweet and cinnamony - totally delicious. The oatmeal raisin was pretty good, not my favorite though.This is a definite must try place. The flavor combinations are fantastic and you'll be surprised how good Mexican/Asian/Caribbean food blends together.
4	I don't typically disagree with Mr. Fiere but this place is just okay.  It is different and it is a bit strange eating a quesadilla with fried chicken, for sure.  I was going to give this place three stars but the staff are really great and they welcome you here with a great experience.  If you like authentic Mexican food, don't come in here expecting it.  Definitely going to be a place you will love or just enjoy.
5	Chino is one of those secret places that is anything but a secret.  It has been featured on the Food Network Diners, Dives, and Drive-ins and for good reason.Picture this scene-I am moving from Tulsa to Phoenix for a new Job. My future boss wants me to meet him at some run down shopping center for lunch before I even start work. I am in town to look at houses in 2005 (yes I got screwed and paid way too much).  So I roll up to this place and think I made a mistake, but after having a lunch there I was and am hooked on Chino for life. I now live in San Diego but when I go back to see my upside down house I must stop in at Chino. You should too...well not the house part. The place has the best most unique food of anywhere I have been. Asian-mexican fusion?  I guess maybe, but fusion connotes some sense of sophistication. Chino is fantabulous but for goodness sake, dinner is served in an aluminum freaking bowl. Sophisticated it is not. The tables are reminiscent of a bingo hall, long with crappy chairs. In a location like this, the food has to be good or they will end up like the other tenants around them-here today and gone tomorrow. Now the food-fantastic!  Jade Red chicken is their most popular. Think sweet-n-sour but with a spiced red sauce and not nearly as tough to chew.  It will be mixed with some brand of rice you choose on the menu, such as chicken fried, jerk fried, white, etc. My favorite is the Emerald Chicken, made up of tender chicken slices with a fantastic green sauce made of Ginger, garlic, oil, and other mysterious but yummy ingredients. You pick your meal from an order card you grab inside the door. Take a red pen and circle the stuff you want.  Yep kinda weird but they can help sort you out at the counter if you need it. There is a wall with photos of each meal but it appears to have been taken in 1963, then placed in the Phoenix sun for a few years. Forget it. Just ask or look around. They do have samples which help. Oh to make it more confusing there is a secret menu of sorts too such as the 7-11. I don't even know what it is but my buddy digs it the most. The grub is great and they finish nicely with a phenomenal fatty sugar cookie. No one, and I mean no one says anything bad about the cookie. Go try this place. It is worthy of 6 stars.
4	Maybe the best thing in Arizona. A combo of Chinese & Mexican food. Had a quick, fulfilling lunch of emerald quesadillas, black beans and root beer. Love the samples to start off for newcomers. That made a real difference in what i picked and ensured that i was a happy diner. Cool.
5	This place rocks!!
5	I still love Chino Bandido, even as a vegan.My normal purchases are:A combo meal with veggie "quesadilla" (no cheese) + black bean burrito (no cheese), refried beans (no cheese) and white rice. The veggie no cheese quesadilla still has a crisped up tortilla piled in with lettuce, broccoli & tomato bits. I drench it in their fantastic hot sauce & dab in some refried beans. The no cheese burrito still has the best texture as you bite through the just right chewy tortilla into the soft beans, drenched with hot sauce of course.On the weekends, I like to get a tostada no cheese too.The staff is always friendly and willing to highlight and accentuate the no-cheese requests on my order form.
5	There are a million reviews for this place and most of them say the same thing...so I'm going to take the easy way out...this place rocks plain and simple. I had the Jade Chicken with Jerk Fried (Chicken) Rice. It was "sick" (that's slang for really amazing). I did the "menu demo" when I first tried out this place and was impressed. I liked the idea also. You don't see places doing that anymore. It reminded me of the true selling power of the sample...and damn good samples too! And it's super cheap for what you get. It ain't no PF Expensive's. I'm not even a huge snicker doodle cookie fan (chocolate chip is where it's at, folks) but the bonus cookie with your meal is just another fabulous concept and reward for eating at this great place in Phoenix.
1	I don't understand why peeps like this.  I just think it's sooooooo weird.  i like the concept and i like that they give you tastings.  but overall, the food is meh AND it's kinda cold and lacks atmosphere.  but i guess it would be a haven for vegetarians and people who like soy.
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? I'll just give you my experience. Years ago, some guys from my office got lunch here every so often. They raved about it, so I figured I'd go see what the fuss was all about. I randomly picked a couple of items from the menu: combo with #1 and #13 (carnitas and pollo diablo; pork fried rice and black beans). I was a goner from the first bite. I eventually changed my habitual order to replace #1 with #14 (machaca), but otherwise, I have never strayed. It's just so good, I don't want to even try anything else. I can understand why they have so many awards and mentions on their walls.Why I love it:1) It's just plain GOOD. There's nothing else (that I know of) that's like it. You know when you have a unique favorite recipe, or a certain brand & flavor of ice cream that's incomparable to anything else, and when you're in the mood for it, nothing else will do? (Think "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle).2) Unpretentious. I'm a reverse snob: frou frou "nouveau" this or that really rubs me the wrong way. This place, a hidden jewel in an otherwise anonymous strip mall, is as down to earth as it gets. No fancy, uber-glam  seating here. 3) Friendly staff.  This amazes me. They work lightning-fast, in a hot, steamy, loud, confined space, but they're always peppy and cheerful. No soup-nazis here.This place is on my top 5 eats in Phoenix. If you ever try it, I can guarantee it won't be the first and last time.
3	I've been to Chino a couple times now and there are a couple things I love.  First, the Jade Chicken quesadilla is amazing... for some reason the flavors just work.  Second, this past time I had the pork fried rice, which was great and the snickerdoodle cookies... YUM! For what it's worth, this place is good.  If you want a nice fatty meal in a no fuss way, hit up chino bandido, you won't be disapointed.
4	Whoever thought a fusion Chinese-Mexican restaurant could be this good? The selections are creative and the result is a flavor explosion you'll appreciate. I had the chicken with jade sauce and loved it. It's a very casual place where you place your order at the counter. There is plenty of room to find a table usually.
5	Whoever came up with the idea of Chinese-Mexican fusion food - you are a genius! I repeat, a genius. I love this place, it is as close to comfort food as it can get outside of your home. There are a couple of favorites that I end up ordering every time I come here - the Jade Red Chicken = sweet & sour & crunchy & all the goodness packed into every single bite. The jerk fried rice = I'm never going to eat normal fried rice again. This place is super unpretentious. The wait staff are always cheerful and the best thing is you can sample the food before you order it and I make it a point to do that every single time! And last but not the least, the cookies they give free with every meal are awesome too :DIf you are in the area, hop over for a quick bite, you won't regret it!
1	Don't do it unless you like that I wish I hadn't feeling. Checked out because it was on DD&D's - will not go back. Over cooked over sugared food service Chinese , disgusting gloppy beans, facility itself is filthy.
3	Not sure what's happened to Chino Bandido lately but they were a 4 + star rating and they have dropped to 2.5 - 3 star rating at best here lately due to poor consistency.  This is an Asian/Mexican fusion restaurant locally owned and has two locations.  They are one of the best "gut-bomb" places to go when your craving something different ~ like Chinese food cooked like Mexican food and vice versa.  Chino's  is very reasonably priced food, packed with flavor.You can get a chile relleno, egg foo yung in a burrito, jade chicken on a quesadilla, fried rice and black beans, all on the same plate if that's what your craving.  Even though I'm a meat eater I recommend their veggie quesadilla!  It's one of the best things on their menu.  It's packed with veggies and cheese in a crisped hot tortilla.  Dip that bad boy in their hot sauce and have some fun!  I used to love their Polo Diablo and Jade Chicken, but they were both cooked to death... So I had to bury them both "before their time" in the trash.  This was after I finished my jerked fried rice with carnitas X 2.  This place is very reasonable in price, very unique and it's a dive.  But there is such a thing as being too "dive-ie and dirty", so please think about your customer's and invest some time and money into cleaning up a bit, please.  Sure their ordering process needs to be revamped and they need to cook their food more consistently and the cleaning thing (already mentioned), but they have, with out a doubt the best Snicker doodle and Chocolate Lava cookies around!! Those darn cookies will keep me coming back in hopes they can execute everything mentioned above better in the future.
4	If you mind eating at a six person plastic resin table in a non-descript quasi-strip mall, please keep driving, McDonalds is just up 19th a little more.  However, if you want to taste some of the best black beans in the world coupled with some incredible Jerk Fried Rice to match beautifully with tastylicious Jade Red Chicken- this is the place!  Chinese-Mexican takee-outee is one of Phoenix's best food combinations in Chino Bandito.  Fun staff, great food, and a line out the door keeps the masses coming back.  I think it's hilarious the amount of money this place must absolutly rack in yet they refuse to spend one cent on ambiance or to fix the place up (I bet if I did the research, they probably own the whole shopping complex).  It is what it is and if you didn't see the line out the door, which by the way, by the time it gets there it's already 30 ft long, you'd never stop-but you need to and you'll be glad you did!
5	I sent my fiance to CB for the first time with 15 minutes to spare before their 9pm closing time. Boy am I glad he made it in time! I had seen reviews and heard about this place on various websites describing it as a "must try." When I saw that you could turn your Asian entree into either a quesadilla or a burrito I was sold. I knew this place was a foodie heaven must try.Since there were four of us at home waiting for the take out, the fiance arrived back home with 2 two item combos and 2 rice bowls. The rice bowls had the most popular Jade Red Chicken which tasted like a spicier orange chicken. The two item combo was a feast of new and unusual delights with a Jade Red Chicken quesadilla and a Chile Relleno burrito. Ummm...orange chicken in a cheesy melt quesadilla? Sweet! Deep fried crispy chile relleno in a burrito? Ah-mazing! Add to that the Cuban style black beans and the Jerk Chicken Fried Rice and the four of us were happy campers. I know this is a place we will be frequenting again b/c we were already talking about other items and combinations we would try. It's definitely the type of hole in the wall, so bad for you it's good type food that one craves every now and then. PS: I can't forget to mention the softest, airy and not overly sweet Snickerdoodle cookie that comes with every combo meal. After the bold flavors of the Asian/Mexican/Carribean meal it is the perfect way to please the sweet tooth!
4	It's a restaurant inside of a rundown strip-mall, so I almost didn't go in at all. But I had heard good things about this Chinese/Mexican fusion, so I had to try it out. I wasn't disappointed. Their food was amazing. The Jade Red Chicken is a must and everything that I've tried on the menu (been there a few times  now) is flavorful and delicious. Large partions. And the staff is friendly and helpful for newbies (there menu ordering system is confusing). You can even try samples of things if you're not sure what you want.  I'm always in the mood for Chino!
4	My dad and I came here after a round at Papago.Yes I came here because it was on DDD.They lady behind the counter was super cool and gave us a bunch of samples before we ordered. My dad wanted the macheca before the sample and wanted it even more after. He said that this was the best place ive picked. Its not the best but it was really good.I ordered the jade red chicken in a quesidalla and the jerk chicken in a burrito and i also got the refried beans.I really liked the jade red chicken and i would order that every time. I wouldnt order the jerk chicken again.It also came with a cookie that is like a churro in cookie form and it was great also.
5	Amazing Fusion. When we saw this place on Drive-ins, Diners & Dives with Guy Fieri I thought WTH? But we had to try it and it was absolutely incredible. We arrived just before opening and there were like 6 cars with people waiting, as soon as they opened everyone went it. We went last, of the early arrivers. When it was our turn we told the girl at the counter that it was our first time there and didn't know what to get, so she started handing us samples of like 1/3 of the menu. The Jerk Fried Rice is interesting and works really well. We thoroughly enjoyed the Macheca and the Red Jade Chicken both as Quesadillas. They were nothing like anything I have ever experienced, in a good way, of course. The portions are large enough to share and be satisfied.Chino Bandido will definitely be a stop we make when we travel to or through Phoenix, it's only about 10 miles north of Interstate 10.
3	Cool concept, bad execution.  It tasted like the they took the left overs from Panda Express and one those "A___erto's" Mexican joints and threw them in a foil plate.
4	What's not to like about the Bandido?  You've got two of the best hunger cures fused unpretentiously under one roof. At the lil Mexican Panda you get a pretty huge meal topped off with a stellar free cookie for a joke of a price - plus the "in the know" feeling you get when you finally figure out how to order here.  It can be daunting for a first timer. There are some misses here, because chinese doesn't always fuse well with Mexican, but there are some tried and true classics (I wont repeat the exhaustive list of favorites that other Yelpers have already posted). Chino Bandido is truly original and highly addicting.  Definitely worth a visit.
2	I dont get it. Heres a clue, if you need to have a full instruction page on your website and a clerk to explain how to order, you're trying to hard.Uh, number 7B, no, 7Q, no, uh um..... Whaaaa?????? Just totally stupid. And I have tried this place 3 times to try and figure out why the hell anyone would want to eat chinese mexican fusion???? I even brought people with me to try to figure out if it is me..... Its not, this place blows on all levels.... That allspice or whatever they put in the jerk chicken that everyone raves about is terrible...... An now its chinese mexican jamaican fusion?????? WTF is this crap? Fried rice and black beans?????? How is this good?It blows..... it simply blows..... Amazing fusion? really?????
5	AMAZING!!!!! No need to bore you with the details. Look at the youtube vid for the food network that will tell you all you need to know.
4	I could not help but the Chinese/Mexican food posting on the sign in front and had to try it out.  The menu has a great variety of Chinese and Mexican inspired menu items.  I had the Jamaican Jerk chicken which was hot and spicy and actually tasted the way that it does in Jamaica!The fried rice has options - brown, chicken or pork.The staff is friendly and will even give you samples before ordering.In addition, each meal comes with a cookie.The place is a dive, but you cannot go wrong with it.
3	Eh, just okay. It was crowded and not as clean as we'd like to see. Food was mediocre. Glad we did it, but probably won't go back.
5	O.... M..... G....This place is so awesome I can't even get valley girl enough!  Had this place not been on Triple D I would have never stepped foot in this place.  But this is NOT like those fast food joints that sell donuts, chinese food, and fried chicken.  Not even close.  This place is so good!!!!It's not healthy- but who cares!  I love getting the teriyaki chicken in a quesadilla (teriyaki sauce on the side) and the jade chicken is good in ANYTHING!  Throw in some chicken fried rice and some refried beans and you have the makings for awesomeness.My husband made a comment that this is the food that I'm going to crave when I'm pregnant.  Well, I'm not pregnant but I am craving it ALL THE TIME!!!I can't sing it's praises enough!  Be prepared though, the secret is out and the place gets busy.  You will not be sorry though :)I LOVE YOU CHINO!
3	CHINO BANDIDO VIRGINS READ THIS!--Make sure that if it's your first time in the restaurant, you need to tell them so.  They will give you a free sampling of their various ingredients to help you decide on what you want to order.They have various asian and mexican inspired meats and rices, which you can order in various ways (i.e., in a burrito, quesadilla, a la carte).  Their jade chicken and black beans are really good.  The other items that I ordered were just OK.  The food is pretty greasy and unhealthy, but it will fill you up and leave you satisfied for sure.  You even get a free cookie with your meal which is a nice touch.The building itself is located in a tiny strip mall which isn't very inviting, and the inside is a little dirty, but don't let that scare you away.  The place is so unique that it is still worth checking out at least once.
5	Yeah, that's right, count 'em: FIVE STARS. Chino deserves it, it's what your father wants for you, anyone who doesn't agree is a goddamn HATER and you don't need them in your life, etc.Do people hear "fusion" and get all excited, thinking they're in for some fancy treats? Yes, it's REAL gritty, but just look at that spread of reviews and you can tell what's really going on in North Phoenix! Why would you re-review a place if you hated it the first time? 'Cause you're a HATER (Yes, I fully understand how the system works, and I do like that people decided to give Chino another chance, but I'm kind of on a rant here so please forgive me. Also, at Chino Bandido it's not quite a love-it-or-hate-it situation because that means the reviews would be 50/50, and that is obviously not the case), that's why! Order this combo: 8 & 10Q with BLK & JFR, and if you still think it's terrible then you HATE America and HATE Phoenix and I feel real sorry for you and your neglected taste buds.plus there's Jenga, and snickerdoodles so...
1	I feel like i'm the only person who didn't like this place.My sister is a huge fan and went with me to order.  I had the Jade Chicken.Bleh.   I tasted her food too but I don't recall what it was--still bleh.I'll stick with the 'berto brothers for my bad mexican food.  Maybe I just don't like asian food?
4	Ok, yelp. Found this place thanks to your app on my droid. Looking for "mexican" and stumbled upon this place having 200+ views. Waltzed in with my sis and was immediately confused. Rice bowls... items resembling orange chicken. "wtf", i stammered as i looked over at my sister... puzzled. We made our way over to the "sample" area where a cute boy... no older than 20 helped us out with understanding the mexican, chinese, jamacian menu and let us try some yummy samples.Jade Chicken. Striking similar to orange chicken... but I had mine in a quesadilla.. with  spicy black beans. Yum. Definitely a laid back, "hole in the wall" esque place... its delicious, the staff is uber friendly, its clean, and HELLO.. the food is delicious. Next time I get the urge to deviate from my diet, you'll find me at Chino Bandido... elbow deep in some good grub.
2	They got my lunch take out order wrong and I didn't realize it until I'd returned back at work.  The flavors didn't sit with me but I've only tried one dish.  My co-workers rave about it so I'll keep an open mind, hey - everybody has a bad day, right?Oh Yeah, Guy Fieri is not someone I consider reputable.
5	What happens when Mexican and Chinese food fall into a kitchen together? You get Chino Bandido!! I love this place! For first timers, the menu might seem weird on how to order since you fill out a paper and add what you want or create your own bowl, plate or burrito-esque dish, but the staff will help you and if you are not sure what to get, they offer samples to taste!!My favorite is the jerk red chicken(kind of like orange chicken with an attitude), side of rice, and black beans, cooked to perfection! Every order comes with their famous snickerdoodle cookie that is to die for and available to purchase 6 or 12 pk. DIne in or takee outee(as their sign says). Love it!!
4	I love this place. Here are some of the finer points of this establishment. The food is great. Every single entree that i have tried has been fantastic. I am personally a huge fan of their black bean tostadas. Unfortunately, these are only available on the weekends, though. The place itself is VERY casual, but who cares. The food speaks for itself. Also, the staff was always nothing but helpful and friendly when I lived in the area. We were on a first name business for some time. A few of the drawbacks for me was the location. It was a bit of a hike for myself, but worth it. Also, I no longer eat chicken, beef or pork, so my options are quite limited. There is not a bountiful selection for vegetarians. However, the beans are fantastic.
2	Ok, so I kind of perversely enjoy a restaurant that's so needlessly complicated that it requires its own help desk, but that was before I tried the food. We went through the newbie tour, getting little bites of everything, and were mostly underwhelmed. Striking out nonetheless, I ordered the jade chicken, fried rice, and the pork in a quesadilla. I was impressed by the tender and flavorful pork, but that's where the magic ended. I felt everything was awash in salt, and the jade chicken was as generic as Asian food comes. The snickerdoodle was cute, but a fun concept does not a good restaurant make. Guy Fieri, I expected better of you.
4	This place isn't the best looking, but it's pretty tasty! I find myself craving the strange mix of foods they serve here.I order the Emerald chicken burrito and the Jerk Chicken quesadillas.The best part is if you've never been there before, they give you tons of samples and tell you all about the foods you can order. I wish they had more locations :)
5	I have been a fan of this place for over 5 years and I will keep coming back because the food is really tasty, and the service is quick!This hole in the wall is the craziest fusion of mexican and chinese food you have ever seen. Jade Red Chicken Burrito?? Jerk Chicken tacos?? Your favorites Pork fried rice and white rice with black beans?! This place is always a conversation when I wear my shirt I bought there with their mascot a cartoon mexican bandit panda. Don't believe me? They have a solid stone version that stands 5 feet tall right in the restaurant. You can customize your dishes each time you come in and you aren't sure they have taste dishes so you can see what fusions you want to create. Their dinning area is long tables and family set smaller ones with plenty of chairs to go around. Paintings of Pandas and classic south western style covers the walls. Best part the staff is clean and quick even in the longest lines. And its always busy there.  Great place for families and friends to sit down enjoy food and have a complementary cookie for dessert.Place is so great I just might go there today for lunch.
1	Just because you say fusion doesn't mean you have good food, in fact Chino Bandido took cheap Mexican food and cheap Chinese food and serves it in the same establishment. It is a complete dive, which is the only reason that I can image Guy Fieri would like it. It isn't even worth going once for the experience, and if you must bring the Pepto Bismol with you, you will be sick afterwards. The service is excellent, top notch for a place where you order at the counter (and they use white mean chicken, which is a plus for me), but the food is so terrible, that I can't give it more than 1 star.
5	Any place that gives free samples of their food = a win in my book! Plus, this place has a great combination of food! MmMmm I highly suggest the jerk chicken with jerk fried rice. =D
3	Hmmm... what can I say about this place?  It's ambiance is equivalent to a little dive bar.  You walk in, and order to the left, take a number then go and sit to the right sitting area which seemed a little ghetto and self serve plastic knives, forks, etc.We asked for suggestions when ordering and got the Jerk chicken fried rice, with Chile relleno and Jade Red Chicken.  The lady behind the counter asked for my name and couldn't spell it (my name is Teresa... like Mother Teresa.  It's not that hard!).  Was surprised, but whatever.Food: The Chili relleno was AWESOME!!!  It was breaded with Cheese-its!!  Not greasy, but the breading was a bit thick, that I ended up having to cut away half of the bread per bite cause it was too much.  The Jerk Chicken Fried rice was ok; regular fried rice with jerk chicken in it.  Lastly, the Jade Red Chicken was just like the greasy, fried Orange chicken of Panda Express.Overall, the experience was interesting, food was ok.  The only 'WOW' factor was the pairing... cheese-it chili relleno with fried rice.  If I'm in the area, I would probably stop by for the chili relleno, but I wouldn't make a special trip just for their food.
5	When I first heard about Chino Bandido I was very skeptical. Asian and Mexican fusion? Sounds a bit weird. To add to my skepticism the place looks a little sketchy. But once we entered all my doubts were gone. We were welcomed by the friendliest staff who offered us all types of delicious samples. I ordered the Jade red chicken and the emerald chicken in a quesadilla. It was really delicious - but my favorite thing by far is there black beans. I don't know what they add to them but I dream about them they are so good. My husband had a chile relleno and the jen red pork with fried rice. The chile relleno was super cheesy and rolled in saltine crackers and then deep fried. Chino Bandido is definitely not a place for you if you are counting calories but if you are craving a delicious hearty meal it's for you!
5	Simply put - unique, tasty and cool!!
5	I suppose truly this must not be for everyone, but as far as i am concerned, this is a great little chinese/mexican fusion place. Keep in mind the word fusion describes the food to a T. it is a wonderful combination of spicy and sweet and ... amazing.Not expensive and at and so if you are looking for something different, then you have found it.19th avenue and greenway and also a location in chandler.give it a tryhave fun, be safe and good luck
4	So Mexican-Asian fusion sounds disgusting. The first time I ever tried it, in fact, I hated it, yet a week later, I couldn't stop craving it. A fair warning was given by my friend, Sean M. that I wouldn't be able to resist it.Teriyaki Chicken Quesadilla... YOU SHOULD NOT WORK.. but somehow, you are one of the best tasting creations known to man. Chino Bandido, you are so good.... you are so good that I am WILLING to eat there even though I know 45 minute to an hour later my stomach will be growling as loud as a mountain lion. The service is speedy, I like that you write your order on an order sheet and hand it to the cashier where you immediately pay for your food and then you take your seat. They come out a few minutes later calling your name so that you can receive your aluminum tray full of deliciousness. I really dislike your snickerdoodles. Blech. However, I can definitely see why Guy Fieri loves you so much, Chino Bandido.
5	i love this place. a friend of mine in college turned me onto it and i have been coming here for years now. i always bring out of town guests/new people here. the look of when you tell them "yeah its chinese/mexican throws them off quite a bit.the food is great! i always eat too much and leave feeling ridiculously full. the combination of chinese/mexican works amazingly well. the jade red chicken is pretty much their staple item. i normally always get that in some form, and usually their emerald chicken. their snickerdoodle cookies are amazing too. first timers you can sample all the items before making your decision too. their staff is very helpful for new people who have not been there or ordered before.price is right. not very expensive but you get a ton of food for your money spent. if you come here on a friday night it will most likely be super busy. be prepared to wait a little bit to get your food. other than that i have no complaints.
4	Unique, fun, funky, tasty, divey.  Chino Bandido is a bizarro mix of chinese and mexican.  Order up front (their way or the highway).  Big portions served in tin-foil to-go containers.  Mostly clean seating area with big community tables and some smaller 2/4/6-tops.  Love the Jade Red Chicken -- sweet and spicy.  Whatever you order, make sure to get the black beans (and rice) as a side; they taste like nothing else.  Snickerdoodle cookie (great) comes with every entree, or a mudslide cookie (awesome) on the weekends.  Only downside is sketch service -- try to avoid dinner rush, where you may wait in line for 15-30 minutes to order and 30 minutes or more for your food to arrive.
5	I had been to the Chino Bandido location in Chandler and loved it (I've written a seperate Yelp review about that experience).  I was anxious to return, but living in Utah makes that virtually impossible... unless I got creative.  So when my little brother in Los Angeles announced he was getting married, I knew I had to act.  While driving down to LA for the wedding, my wife and I detoured to Phoenix so we could have dinner at Chino Bandido.  That's right: we drove hours out of our way, spending an extra day on the road (and an extra night in a hotel) JUST so we could eat here.  Can you tell I'm a fan?This time around I decided to come to the Phoenix location rather than return to Chandler.  The menu was identical and thus the food experience was just as yummy as I remembered.  This location is in an old strip mall and is a bit of a dive compared to Chandler.  Don't think of it as dirty or unclean; just call it grungy.My wife had been jealous ever since I made it to Chino Bandido Chandler because she wasn't able to accompany me on that business trip.  Now that she finally made it, she was completely satisfied with the visit.  She loved it just as much as I did.For anyone who hasn't been here, you've got to come check this place out.
5	I must admit, at first sight I was a little skeptical, but they have some amazing food here. Loads of flavor, lots of food, and inexpensive prices. If it's your first time there, they give you free samples of their menu and explain how to order to you. If you are in the area, you have to try this place. If you're not in the area, it's still worth the drive!
4	To be honest, I was against going to Chino. It just seemed like too many different flavors for me to enjoy it. As soon as we walked in we were greeted warmly by Mark. He then gave us 6 samples of the food to try and then proceeded to explain the menu and how to order. The food is really good. I opted for the Emerald Chicken; chicken breast with a ginger onion sauce and carnitas, white rice and re-fried beans. The Jade Red Chicken is kind of like sesame chicken and was delicious, as was the fried rice and Snickerdoodle cookie that you get with your dish. Not a fancy place by any means. It's reminiscent of a Chinese take out, but much larger. Its definitely an experience worth trying.
5	It doesn't get better than this. The food here is delicious and almost magical.I Ordered the Chicken fried rice, with refried beans, Jade red chicken and Teriyaki chicken. It was perfect. The Jade red chicken is perfectly sweetened and damn right delicious. The beans were almost like the one's i grew up eating. This is a must try if you're ever in the phoenix area!
4	A friend suggested this place and when I walked in I could tell it was popular but I went right up to the counter.  I told the guy I'd never been there before so he offered samplers of their popular items.  But then I was confused.  The menu is Chines style pictures on the wall, but the guy was describing a combo platter.  So the menu presentation is horrible (for newbies).  Then when I finally figured out what to order, he went into explaining how to order next time with all their shorthand- even more confusing- and the assumption is that I'd be eating there every day.  BUT, the food was AWESOME.  I can't believe my mother in law lives like a mile from here.  Now when my wife says she wants to visit her mom, I'll be mor enthusiastic about making the trek!
5	Stomach's beware!  Amazing food and great service, but a hole in the wall location. YELP helped me find this spot and the Red Jade Chicken was awesome. The Hangrenade Chicken was the best I have ever had. Wonderful flavors!  Definitely recommend for lunch. It was a good mix of business and casual patrons, but totally worth the $9.50 for lunch!  Menu is a bit confusing, but they give samples to help make a decision. Good mix of caribbean, Mexican, and Chinese food!Amazing!
5	Chinese takeout + taqueria + some extra flavors thrown in =Basically your imagination is the limit: Jerk chicken burrito with an egg foo young quesadilla with Cuban refried black beans and fried rice?And all served up in a tin foil takeout bowl?Yes!Everything was great. The people were super friendly and gave lots of free samples and explanations.They should totally add soul food to the mix, too. Mmmm macaroni and cheese burrito with rib tip fried rice....I wish they were near me. I wish they were anywhere - anywhere - except for Arizona.
4	Jade chicken with jerk fried rice!Mexican food and chinese food aren't one of my favorites but Chino Bandido has the perfect mixture of both worlds! What's best is that they give you a free cookie with each meal!
2	Atmosphere is like I'm at a Mexican/Chinese/Jamaican restaurant..... cuisine could be better.
5	Chino Bandito... I think my mother gets sick of hearing this when I talk to her on the phone, reminding her that when I come home, I wanna go to Chino's. I have not moved away from their black beans, because they taste "different" in a yummy, I am taking all the leftovers home yummy. I love their Jade Red chicken, though I'll admit it has changed a little. It used to be a lot more spicy... not it's just... not that hot? I'm a girl who likes my spicy food and that was my go-to! I like the steamed rice, though I've tried their other rices and their jerk rice is pretty good. I like their carnitas, and their pollo diablo is one of my new faves.... I think I'm going there tomorrow actually, since writing this review has made me hungry. Yes. I think I will. In fact, I AM going tomorrow.Oh, and for all the people who claim their ordering process is really confusing... maybe you should just pay attention when they tell you to do it. You look at the menu, all the items are numbers. Q-(#) means Quesdilla with ____. B (#) Burrito. Most people I think are just used to having their orders taken rather than the time-saving option Chino takes when they get hardcore busy (which they occasionally do) and when they're not, they're nice enough to help you and give you samples. Along with a free cookie. Have you heard of the phrase "do you want a cookie?" It's a reward for your patience. =]
5	okay - we CRAVE this place - it's probably one of our favorite places to go when we have a free afternoon.   the strip mall that it's located in is pretty sketchy, but the food is totally worth it - you'll see!  I've converted tons of my friends to be Chino fans and they are all hooked, too!!  Go in and tell them you've never been in before and they'll hook you up with samples and help with the ordering process (it took me awhile to master that one). The emerald chicken quesadillas are to die for!!!  love it!!!!!
5	GREAT PLACE!! I have eaten at this hole-in-the-wall more times then I would like to admit (I work near by) and I have tried everything on the menu and would definitely say it is all excellent. The combos/fusions are crazy but, somehow they work!Try it - you will like it! My only negative is that depending on the cook, sometimes the portions run small and for example the pollo diablo - sometimes its perfectly hot & spicey other times it is sooo freakin hot you'll cry twice - In & Out!!! Mind you, that is one of my favorite dishes - however, lately it just seems to vary day by day....
5	Uniquely awesome! Just don't eat here too often, or you will weigh more than a saguaro cactus. Whether you live in PHX or are just visiting, you have to check out Chino Bandito.
5	This combo (Mexican/Chinese) was a first for me, and I couldn't be more pleasantly surprised. Jade Red chicken quesadilla, jerk fried rice, and emerald chicken...hallelujah!! Not to mention the snickerdoodle that took grub heaven to another level. I might have to visit my folks more often....
5	Mexican & Chinese sounds like a wired combo but you will be surprised that it actually works well. This place is great. The menu is a little confusing at first but the staff is eager to help. They have the best Jerk Chicken & Jerk Fried rice. If you like your food spicy you should definitely try their Jerk Chicken. They really have a good selection of stuff to order.
4	Now this is an interesting concept.I've seen this place for years, but never stopped by. I always wondered, how do you mix Chinese and Mexican cuisine? Exactly as you would imagine: by putting Chinese meat in a tortilla and serving beans on the side.It was surprisingly delicious. They took us through a tasting of their most popular items (a HUGE plus in my book) and explained the ordering system. It was so hard to choose, and I felt rushed with a line forming behind us. I ended up with a combo - shredded beef quesadilla and Jade Red chicken burrito, with black beans. The Jade Red chicken is their most popular dish, and it was really good. Sweet and a little spicy. The shredded beef quesadilla didn't have much in the way of Chinese flair, but it was delicious nonetheless.Everything was as amazing as the 100+  Yelp reviews made it out to be.But there was SO MUCH FOOD. So much. I don't think I was even able to eat half. Very greasy as well, but would you expect anything less from a Chinese-Mexican combo? The icing on the cake: COOKIES. mmm. Every combo comes with a cookie, which was a fantastic surprise.Overall, this food was really good and an amazing value. I could probably get three meals out of an $8 combo! Not something I could eat once a week (for fear of gaining ten pounds each time), but it will be a delightfully greasy treat now and then.
3	OK,  So Hubs and I stopped in based off Yelp reviews and while we really liked it, I guess I was expecting more based off the reviews.It is a hole inthe wall which is a good thing in my book.  The best restaurants usually are.  So ordering can be confusing but the gal at the counter was very helpful and offered up samples - big plus - to help us decide.  I settled on the Emerald Chicken with black beans and Hubby got a combo of the carnitas and emerald chicken burrito.  I really liked (not loved) the Emerald chicken, lots of garlic and spices - yum.  Plus all white meat chicken.  The carnitas aere not so good in my book.  A little tough and dry.  The tortillas for the burrito were awesome though!  Tasted like homade with no lard spared!I do have to agree that the black beans were a highlight.  Very flavorful and I couldn't identify what it was.  Now they aren't whole black beans like you get in many other restaurants but some sort of re-fry so I'm sure they are fat loaded, but that is probably why they are so good.  The rice, both white and jerk fried were just meh.  Nothing special and quite greasy - even the white rice.  Also the cookies were nothing great.  Took one bite and tossed it.So overall we had a nice lunch but nothing I'd go out of my way for and definately off the list if you are watching your diet!
5	The food in this place is indescribably awesome! Granted, the place could be nicer, but if you're in the mood for great food without the frills of a great looking place: this is it. The service is fast, friendly, and the prices are great- especially knowing that their portions are typically huge. I can't finish my plate most of the time, so I always end up taking leftovers home. I love their Jade Red Chicken, as well as their emerald chicken. Their black beans are to die! Order a combo plate, if this is your first time here. You'll get a good mix of everything and you'll leave without regrets!
4	Back in Arizona for some Sun and Chino Bandido. My wife and I found this place all thanks to Yelp. Our first time in we not only had lunch, but we ordered more Ginger chicken Burritos to go. We are back in Arizona and tonight we will be taking the folks to Chino Bandido for a fusion feast. I'm glad we live in Seattle as Chino gives us something to look forward to. Best eats: Ginger Chicken Pollo Diable Jade Red Chicken Jerk Fried Rice
5	I just can't help but love a place so unique.  And what is unique, if not a place you can get jerk chicken, refried beans, and pork fried rice all sharing the same humble pie tin?This has become the spot I need to return to every time I visit my family out West (my family is more than happy to oblige).  The jerk chicken is my absolute favorite, mainly because where am I gonna go in Michigan to get Caribbean food?  (Answer: Nowhere) Apart from that, I had things here I've never even heard of!  Special mention for the emerald chicken, which is one of the few dishes involving meat that I can honestly describe as tasting "fresh".Only about nine more months and I'll be back in line, order sheet in hand.
3	Three of us lunched. waitress gave us samples since we were first timers. The meals were prompt, and they were not so expensive. My meal consisting egg foo young w/ red chicken and black bean was so so. I have had much better chinese than this. My friends had red chiken, friend rice, and pulled pork. They said they were ok. Do I go back......maybe one year later.
5	If you're in Phoenix, this is the place to try. The "Jade Red Chicken" is outstanding.
5	Proving you don't need fancy digs to pull off fusion cuisine, Chino Bandido combines Mexican and Chinese in a way that's not only good-tasting, but with a great sense of humor and an overwhelming eagerness to please.My interaction didn't last long - just enough to order Pollo Diablo and some jerk chicken. Regardless of how incompatible those two items sound, it worked well, if only because both were crazy flavorful, and I sat there eating them out of a little tin with chopsticks. Cheap, good, and unique - it's all you need.Apparently, you also need a snickerdoodle, because they gave me one for free. You win this round, Chino Bandido.
4	I have been going here sense I was a kid! They have the best food that is not comparable to anything else! It is a must try restaurant!! I always leave pleased :)
5	Awesome Place Awesome Service !!! Love this one of its kind place in the country...A must visit of you go to Phoenix area
4	Upon walking to into this establishment I wasn't expecting much. Very minimal decor, cafeteria style rows of tables and no "ambiance" if you will. They asked if I'd ever been there before and when I replied no they ushered me away from the cash register...a little skeptical until I was shown an assortment of menu items to try for FREE! nice touch! So after sampling everything I was shown how to fill out their order form, that was the reason I can't give five stars! It was very intricate and detailed and required too much thought for a starving person!! I ordered a bean cheese and carnitas burrito. Boring I know but after sampling all the amazing things they offered I wanted something I hadnt tried! The meat was tender and juicy not dry at all, the beans and cheese were perfect. Best part of the burrito was that the cheese wasnt that cheap oily cheese they use in most mexican joints! I was also offered my choice of chocolate or snickerdoodle cookie with my meal at NO CHARGE! score! I was dining with about nine other people and that was the first time all day we were all quiet!! I'd definitely return here on my next trip to Phoenix!
1	Went to this place because I saw it on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and wasn't impress.  The place is a dive but what was more challenging was the menu and how they serve their food.  Seemed very unorganized.  Will never go back.
4	Chinese and Mexican on one plate?  WHAT?Seriously...it's the best thing that's happened in the state of Arizona since 1924 when they put a stop to the ban on interracial marriage (See what I did there??).Ordering is difficult.  It's a bit more complicated than most places.  But once you get the hang of it, it's totally worth it.  If you've never been before, just let them know and they'll walk you through it (with samples!).Totally affordable and filling...with a free snickerdoodle!
4	There isn't a Moon Valley child who's knees don't go weak at the mention of "Jade Red" or "Snickerdoodle."Chino Bandido Takee-Outee is the taste of my youth, the one redeeming restaurant in the entire Moon Valley area and surrounding. Family favorites are the Jade Red Chicken, Emerald Chicken, and Pollo Diablo. A buddy of mine who worked here in high school turned me on to the Jade Red Chicken and black bean burrito. Wow. It is an ethnic flavor explosion. Don't be afraid of the ordering process, they are there to help you through it the first time (and they let you try the most popular dishes!). After that, it's a cinch. The price is right, too, but it really is a hole in the wall. Don't fight it, embrace the dive-y nature.My only complaint: When I stopped eating meat, I stopped coming to Chino; if you're not carnivorous, the options are pretty limited (the chile relleno is much too greasy for me, the veggie enchilada is a bit al dente). I ache, literally, for that jade red sauce. O, Great Panda, can't you please put it on some vegetables? Tofu? Anything? I was with you long before Guy Fieri.
2	After all the hype, went for a girl's night out.  Food was OK, not what I thought of as outstanding.  They only had plastic forks and knives and I couldn't cut my fried chile relleno with it.  Food was OK, but my friend's dish was too spicey.  I  have had better food elsewhere, didn't think the Chinese/Mexican combo was all that noticeable.I also think if they invested in some nice furniture (instead of plastic chairs) and silverware it might be more appealing.
5	Its hard to ignore the greatness of Mexican food and Asian food exploding in your mouth!  Chino definitely hits my TOP 5 lunch spots in all of Arizona!  Jade Red, BBQ Pork, Emerald Chicken, Jerk Chicken.....to go along with the best Black Beans and Pork Fried Rice ever...get out of here!  Its amazing. And the Snickerdoodle at the end might just be the best part.  Sold!
4	I'll start by listing what I ate: Pork Fried Rice with Black Beans, Machaca and a Quesadilla with Jade Red Chicken.I have to admit that it was the Guy Fieri DD&D feature that drew me to this place -- and I am glad that I went! The staff are friendly and invite you to sample their menu items, they provide recommendations and they help you come up with your order. I was skeptical about the encouragement that I try their black beans, but I was glad that I did. I normally do not like black beans, but whatever they do to them here makes them pretty good.I was also skeptical about the "fusion" element to their menu -- but needlessly so. The Jade Red Chicken works well in a quesadilla, and (probably most surprising for me), the Pork Fried Rice went well with the black beans AND the machaca.This is definitely a casual dining experience, and the culinary category here is definitely comfort food. You'll walk away with either leftovers for later consumption or a very full stomach -- for me, it was the latter :)
5	I give Chinos 5 stars.  Well, 5 stars for a lunch place, dinner places require more ambiance than what you get at Chinos.   The place is a lunch dive, but a very delicious lunch dive. The best dishes are the spicy ones, so if you don't like spicy, shame on your tasteless life, and you should not go here.  For ordering, you can get the food "as is", melted in a quesadilla, or wrapped in a tortilla as a burrito.  I get the two-item plate; Jerk Chicken as a quesadilla, the Jen red pork, the black refried beans and the jerk fried rice.  The food is served in an aluminum pie pan and you get your choice of chop sticks or plastic-ware.  This is a lunch place, don't expect fancy.   Also, they serve you a top-notch snickerdoodle with the meal, although on the weekend the choice of cookie is expanded.  Overall, it is my favorite lunch place in all of Phoenix.  Afterall, in my opinion, lunch is about the food first, price second, and lastly ambiance.
5	One of those truly unique places! Love the pulled pork(carnitas) and the emerald chicken, the black beans and fried rice are to die for... Nothing I've tried has let me down (a teriyaki quesadilla was just ok, but then I'm not a big teriyaki fan).
3	A solid 3 for sure.I am not sure what all the hype is about. It was decent food but not anything amazing at all. The black beans were way tasty.The chicken fried rice was pretty bland and dry. The teriyaki chicken was wayyyy super tasty, I would get that again if we go back. The carnitas quesadilla was ok. The contents was not spread evenly, one triangle had almost no cheese or meat and one section seemed to have all the meat and no cheese. The Snickerdoodle cookie is seriously what would make me go back!! It was RIDICULOUSLY AMAZING! Seriously people. The place itself is very, ummmm, gross? Also they don't have a spot to leave a tip if you pay with a card, that's a bum out for the employees.
5	I could go here any time, any day. I love this place and have been multiple times. Many times while going to school at AiPx. They have quick service and hot food! I love the jade red chicken. I don't even like beans and still, theirs tastes magical! Top it off with a free tasty snickerdoodle and I'd be baffled if you DIDN'T love it. I really never get any of the Mexican dishes, not sure why, but I've scavenged stuff off my friend's plates and of course, it tastes just as good. Quick service, cheap price, tasty food. Go here if you haven't. Right now. GO!
4	Food was very flavorful and the concept is great, I would absolutely go back again and the service was great only problem and not really a problem is it's a little difficult to order your first time but the staff is great to help
4	My sister, two nephews, and I went here on a recommendation of a high schoo friend.  I wasn't disappointed.  My friend was there to show us how to order.  It's a little complicated the first time, but not an insurmountable task.- The teriyaki chicken was nummers.- Jerk Fried Rice and the Jerk quesadilla - Mucho good-o.  They used authentic jerk seasoning too, which was nice.- Black beans - Excelente.  Not as good as mine, but very good!- The insufferable, bratty kid who was climbing all over the place, turning lights on and off, ignored by is inconsiderate and rude mother - Sucked.  I wanted to get up, lead him by the ear to mommy, deposit him in a chair, and give her the frowning of a lifetime ;-)Very good.  This place should open up a franchise in Austin.  It would be a great fit!
5	Simply put, this is possibly my favorite place to eat of all time. Certainly it is in the top 3. Completely unique, spectacularly flavorful food in a family atmosphere with a great staff. My son and I were once regulars here and made some great friends amongst the other regs. Chino Bandido is a great treasure and, since we've moved away from Phoenix back to our home in the Bay Area, it is very sorely missed but we will be back from time to time and it will doubtless be the culinary highlight of the trip.
3	I've heard rave reviews for this place. So much so that I would be willing to give this place another try. Perhaps I went too oriental and not enough Mexican, by ordering the Jerk Chicken Fried Rice Combo w/o beans with Jade Red Chicken and BBQ pork. The Jerk Chicken Fried Rice I really liked. The Jade Red Chicken was good but not super amazing. The BBQ pork was just ok. I'd probably go for the burrito or quesadilla next time. The guy giving out samples and our orders was super awesome though. He calls out your name like you're an old friend! Loved that. And let's not forget the free cookie with your meal! What service!
4	they let me sample everything before I ordered.service and food was great.yeah, its a dive, but we didn't mind.
4	Very interesting! I've tried korean/mexican fusion but this is my first time trying chinese/mexican fusion and I LIKE it! =DGot the combo plate with Hengrenade Chicken, Machaca, Black Beans and white rice....the Hengrenade Chicken was really kicking my butt! The spiciness doesn't kick u in the mouth until a few minutes later after swallowing it. Nonetheless it was very delicious..I didn't get anything that was Chinese but my bf did order the Carnitas, Jade Red Chicken, Black Beans and plain fried rice combo...the Jade Red Chicken was really good. So for a combo of two things and the choice of rice and beans is $7.25....it doesn't come with a drink but it does come with a delicious snickerdoodle cookie! Needless to say we both enjoyed our yummy lunch here today. The only thing was I got a cup for water but I didn't drink the water because it was tainted with something pink....and I was a bit afraid of drinking it...=/ It's not a true hole in the wall restaurant so it was pretty spacious and clean. Will definitely come back!
4	Winner, winner chicken dinner! I saw this place featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives so I decided to give it a shot. A huge plus is that they let you sample their food. So you basically get to taste the whole menu before you even order, which was fantastic! They make you feel like a valued customer. And they'll help you order and explain everything if you're a newbie.My favorites were the jade red chicken and the jerk chicken. I could eat the jade red chicken all day, yeah it's that good! It has the right amount of sweet and sour without just being drenched in some indescribable sauce. The jerk chicken was good but it was too peppery like I was forewarned. When I ate it later it was perfect. It is a dive so don't expect anything fancy but they have great food to make up for it. Don't miss out your taste buds are waiting!
5	Amazing food at a great price!
5	Best place for fusion Mexican food in town! Just moved out to AZ and could not find anything close to what authentic Mexican food would taste like till I went to Bandido.  I'm going to be a regular here.
4	I must say after watching so many positive episodes of Guys Big Bite on the Food Network I started to question him as a legitimate food reviewer; however, after trying Chino BandidoI must say... Guy got this one spot on! The jerk rice and black beans were well balanced with their spices and sweetness. The carnitas and jade red chicken were both out of this world delicious. Their desserts, volcano or snicker-doodle cookies, were soft, fresh, and full of their sweet flavor. The staff was superior to the norm. And their dining room, although nothing special, has the "hole in the wall" feel that most of us look for in a non corporate restaurant. This is definitely a place i will be returning to.
5	Love the jerk chicken!!! I had the combination jerk chicken in quesadilla and jade red chicken with chicken fri rice and black beans ~~~ delirious !!
5	If its your first time there, they will give you a sampling of their food... and trust me, you'll want to stay to eat. The staff is super friendly, the food is great AND you get a Snickerdoodle cookie with your meal that melts in your mouth. I will definitely be back.
1	I wonder what samples Jan D received? If they had given me samples, it would have saved me $8.74 because I would have run out the door right after the first bite.I think the place everyone else ate at, has been replaced and I found myself at the new Chino Bandido, a shit dump that serves food that tastes worse than if a Panda Express threw up on Del Taco. I should have known this would be a disaster if Guy Fieri has been here. When is his 15 minutes up? Every time I go somewhere that Guy Fieri has featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, it always turns out to be one of the worst places I have ever been. Guy Fieri knows as much about food as McDonalds does. First, I didn't even get what I ordered, They make a huge deal about how to order, how about getting the order right? What they gave me couldn't have been more opposite to what I ordered. I ordered black beans and plain fried rice. They gave me refried beans and pork fried rice, or some fried rice that was contaminated with a pseudo disgusting meat-like product. I ordered a jade red burrito, they gave me something with slimy pork inside, and I asked for a veggie quesadilla, they gave me a quesadilla with gross fatty chicken and a horrible sauce. The bag was filled with grease, even on the bottom of it. It made a bag from Five Guys look healthy.I guess for some, it is a novelty to mix Asian and Mexican. If you really want to enjoy such fusion, head to Vegas and try China Poblano, the creation of Jose Andres. If you are drunk or high, between the hours of 11 am and 9 pm and in Phoenix, and you have a need to consume a pile of shit, this place will satisfy such a craving.
2	Low quality ingredients.
1	This place is full of evil and grease...pure grease with some cheese and orange sugar....
4	I was kidnapped and taken here by my boyfriend who thought I'd turn it down if he suggested it. I was skeptical walking in (not a lot in terms of atmosphere), but I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very helpful and brought over a bunch of samples for us to try. I ended up going with the plate with carnitas, and machaca in a burrito, jerk fried rice, and black beans. It was a lot of food and everything was packed with flavor. Definitely not a light, healthy meal, so I probably won't go often, but I'll be back.
4	If you ignore the lack of welcoming decor, you'll find yourself with a uniquemenu of delicious choices, especially the jade chicken or machaca. The cookies are perfectly baked, every time, the red sauce is one of my favorites, and I have no complaints.  They also have reasonably fast service for the amount of customers they serve.
5	I followed other yelper's advice and drove out of my way today to visit this dive.  My husband and I shared a combo that included the diablo chicken and jade chicken (burrito and quesadilla respectively) with black beans and the pork fried rice.  Everything was very good...the diablo was spicy, so make sure that that is your thing.  All the fried rice likely is cooked in lard, so that's good to know if you're vegetarian.  I really enjoyed the true fusion nature of this restaurant.  Where I come from, you just can't find this.  We will definitely return.
5	This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. I have never tried anything here that I didn't like. On top of that, every dish is so unique and flavorful that it's hard to compare to any other place. It sounded odd to me at first, being a fusion of Asian and Mexican cuisine, but I am so glad I tried it and I've never looked back. Amazing food, and I wish it was a little closer to me so I could go there on my lunch breaks at work. Five stars without question!
4	The jerk chicken fried rice was incredible and the red jade chicken was delicious and the perfect heat.  However, if you are trying to eat healthy, this isn't the place for you.
4	We visited last week.  The lady offered us a lot of samples of their food so we could pick out what we liked.  The food was excellent and the service was great.  The restaurant was very kid friendly.
2	I had heard so much about this place so I was excited to try it and see what they hype was about.  Needless to say that I was not impressed at all with what I had.This place was really situated confusing for a first timer.  I ended up making my mind and having the machaca and white rice.  This meal was nothing to write home about.  Actually, my grandmother and mom made meals similar to this for years with better ingredients and better flavor.  The rice was cold and dry and the meat was cold and flavorless.  I probably wont be taking the drive back out there again unless it is for the snickerdoodle cookies they give which was the best part of the meal!
3	The Jade Red Chicken and Jerk Chicken Fried Rice were both really strong.  After all the hype I had heard about it, I was kind of disappointed to be honest.  It was still enjoyable to find the culinary mixes of Chinese and Mexican, but I fault the people who hyped it up more than the restaurant itself.  Definitely worth checking out, and I'll go there again.
4	Been here twice and both times were good experiences with the Jade Red Chicken. This place should expand!
4	To be brief: I am a huge fan of Cho Bandido's.  My family has eating at this restaurant for well over a decade.  The food is always great, and my best advice would be to avoid the long lines during lunch and dinner hours and just eat at the "odd" hours.  My past few visits this year I have been greeted and served by some really energetic and friendly ladies and gentlemen.  However, my last visit my order was taken by a man named Lien. I have only ever worked in customer service positions myself, and have never come across someone so rude and unprofessional.  In writing this review I was thinking about giving a 3 star review just for this reason.  But as this is a wonderful place that I have been coming back to for years and years, despite a recent poor experience I still have to give credit where credit is due with 4 stars.
4	In Phoenix for a vacation with my cousin, and I enjoy one of the best burritos I have ever had - either that, or I was really hungry.  We drove about 20 minutes to go to a complete dive.  You wait in line, order at the counter, and enjoy fantastic food. Go with the traditional meats or go wtih the Asian flavors, you just cannot go wrong at Chino Bandido, and definitely order two.
5	I absolutely like this fusion.  Definitely visit their website to learn how to order if you can in advance if not the service is definitely friendly.  If you walk in for your first time ask for a sample, they will give you sample taste for their most popular items.  I fell in love with the red jade chicken and the carnitas.  I prefer the pork fried rice.  I don't get my stuff in a burrito nor a quesadilla because i feel you get more meat if you order outside a tortilla.  I drove from downtown here twice in 2 weeks just to eat here and once from Laveen.  Definitely worth it in my opinion.
5	awesome iconic eatery! whenever i visit az i make it a point to stop off at this ultra friendly, fantastic tasting joint. yeah, it takes a while to figure out the ordering process, but the staff is super helpful, and after the first or second time, one can figure out the system. it's just that everything is abbreviated which requires some thought. i usually mix 2 entrees to get different flavors. love the jerk chicken and fiery pollo diablo.although they are known for their snicker doodles, my dessert is usually ordering another entree to take home for later! hands down one of my favorite eateries. i wish we had one in minneapolis, mn...i would probably eat there daily for lunch, ha!
4	love it... great service and oh so good cookies ... wasnt sure about trying it because u think chinese mexican food? but it was nothing like that in my opinion . I would go back again mmmmmmmm
5	I love this place. Jade chicken with jerk rice and make sure you get it in a burro. Make sure you go to the counter and tell them its your first time the helpful servers will give you a taste test and help you fill out the order firm.
4	The place is a staple of Phoenix and must be experienced by everyone at least once. The place is a dive in a dirty (not unsafe just dirty) part of of town. The food is great and an interesting mix. Most of the people that go there head there often so feel free to ask the people in line what's good. And there is almost always a line ;)And in case my review is the only one you have read, you can see the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives episode from Food Network featuring this place if you do an internet search for it.
5	My wife and I went out of our way to try this joint and it was totally worth it! Great combo of Mexican spices and Chinese seasonings. The carnitas rice bowl with fried rice was so tasty! We will def come back when in Phoenix!
1	We have heard about this place for a long time from friends and family. Everybody loves it!My questions is WHY? Why the hype? Is it because of Guy Fieri?My husband and I are very adventurous foodies. We are also very creative cooks. This was not good Mexican food. This was not good Chinese food. Get the two together and it was horrible food. Truly the worst food we have ever had in the valley! I think people are going for it cuz its trendy! Pleeeease!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	A perfect storm of Asian and Mexican flavors!!
3	Cookies were delicious. Food okay.
5	This is one of my favorite places of all time. The food there is amazing. In my opinion you have to try the Jade Red chicken, Black Beans, and chile rellanos. It does look like kinda a dive from the outside but it's very clean inside and the staff is very nice and helpful. The main reason to go is the food though the combination of Chinese and Mexican is great and they give you plenty of food for your money. The other great thing is the snicker doodle cookies there they are the best ones I have ever had and better yet you get a free one with every meal. But take my advice just order a dozen yep they are that good.
2	Not sure about all the hubbub.   The samples were nice but the food didn't do anything special for me.   The cookies at the end were delightful.   I'm not sure that Chinese and Mexican belong together.   My husband liked the relleno but wasn't wild about it.    The people were all incredibly nice hence 2 stars.
5	Chino Bandido is not the restaraunt to go to if you are looking for a healthy meal or excellent tableside service.  However, the staff is always polite and offering samples of their diverse menu is the norm.    The food is Chinese and Mexican (it goes together better than you'd think) and while the options are limited in some ways (A Chinese place without Chow Mein?) for the most part the food is very good, albeit a little greasy.  Any of the entree items can be had by itself, placed in a quesadilla, or wrapped as a buritto.   Beans and various  kinds of fried rice are offered with the main combo and the range of diversity means that you can probably find something you like, regardless of the mood you're in.  If you are looking for a place that is a little different, and aren't particularly concerned about fine dining, this is the place to go.  It can get a little crowded during the lunch and dinner rushes though as it is quite popular.
4	Totally a fan of this place since before I joined the Military in 04. We enjoy coming to this place to forget about our diet and it's one of my favorite "dive's" ever. The Jade chicken is the bomb, the hot sauce is tangy sweet and they go well together in a burro or quesidilla. The Jerk fried rice is great, and the Jerk / Pollo Diabllo are great spicy options. I always leave this place so full I'm sick so I guess it's a great place to get out and try. Be sure to take samples if you are new so you can really tell what you like. Guy F was here and he had this expression of indulgence which I seem to mirror every time I eat here. Some say it's hit or miss but this place has never been a miss for me.Viva la Bandido!
4	Every time I head to Phoenix, I have to head to Chino Bandido. The food is in large portions and very filling! It is interesting how Mexican and Chinese food come together but it seems to work as this place was packed. I ordered the vegetarian quesadillas and it was loaded in raw veggies but I would have liked to remove the cheese and I was not sure if I could because it was so packed in there! Try the food out, you will not be disappointed.
4	Very friendly service, delicious food, and cheap prices! What more can you ask for? We have taken every out-of-towner to this place to eat, and they all have loved the food, decor, and friendly staff. They are great about giving samples of about 6 different items from the menu, and they help fill out your order card as well. Everything tastes really fresh, and they have a ton of options. They're also great about substituting items as well. Definitely a must-visit!
5	Came here because we saw this place on Triple D and Guy goes to some delicious places... So, I had to check it out.It was delicious! The customer service was on point! This friendly girl helped us out with ordering and also let us sample the six most popular items on the menu. Now that really helped me decide.I ordered the red jade chicken and carnitas combo with the pork fried rice and black beans. It was so good!!!  All of the combination of favors- Asian and mexican is one great combo. I order a quesadilla for my son and they accidentally made it with the wrong meat- the guy let's me choose a whole new order and.... It was on the house!!! So I had ordered the same combo but this time the red jade chicken in a quesadilla.... One of the best quesadillas I've had! And I'm from San Francisco where they've got bomb ass Mexican food!!! This place was great, and with each order you get a free cookie. The place is in a tiny strip mall and it's practical but very clean. Customer service was just as good as the food!When I come back to Phoenix, I'm def hittin this place up again!!
4	I had heard about Chino Bandido and knew that Guy Fieri had it on "Triple D" as a must go to place so when an out of town coworker asked where's a good place to go for lunch, how could I resist trying this place?  So many people I know either want Chinese or Mexican for lunch, this is the best fusion of both worlds.I *LOVE* spicy food!  For me, the hotter the better.  If I can still speak and breathe and my eyes aren't watering, I don't see how they can really call it "spicy."This being said, I went straight for the SUICIDE PLATTER!!!  I was NOT disappointed!  I had the Jerk Chicken, Pollo Diablo with Cuban style hot black beans, and Jerk fried rice.  They provided a warm snickerdoodle cookie for dessert.  *swoon*The chicken dishes were all so nice and juicy and yes they definitely activated the heat-seeker in me.  As for the Cuban style hot black beans, they brought on flashbacks of how my Aunt (from Cuba) used to make them when I was a kid and lived near her.  Wish I had the recipe but they unfortunately declined so I'll be hitting up my Aunt for her recipe.When friends, coworkers and relatives are in town I always tell them to go to Chino Bandido and downright beg to go with them!The only reason this isn't five stars may sound silly to most people, but it is the portion size.  It is just way too much food for me.  Seriously.By all means, DO SAMPLE THE DIFFERENT FOODS...  Find what you like and piece together your own combination "Takee-Outee" (taken straight off the menu, they said it) even though most eat right there.  Yes, it is extremely busy.  That's a good sign!If I hadn't been going straight for the Suicide Platter because I wanted to see just how hot/spicy their food truly was without sacrificing taste (or tastebuds), I would have gotten one of many other tasty dishes I sampled.The Jade Red Pork was delicious, as was the Emerald Chicken which was so tender it practically melted in my mouth.  I sampled the Carnitas, Chile Relleno, Hengrenade Chicken too and all were wonderful.  Machaca...yummy!For me, it is a bit of a drive but well worth the trip!  It was a no-brainer when I worked 5 minutes from there.Wish I could give it 4.75 stars.
5	Was in the Phoenix area this past weekend with the family for my wife's reunion with old high school friends and classmates.  Chino Bandito was the last stop before heading back to California and it was worth it.  My family and I are fans of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and have been to 7 places from that show and none have been disappointments. In fact, Chino Bandito is probably the best Triple D restaurant we have eaten at with HRD Coffee Shop in San Francisco second.We arrived at the restaurant 10 minutes before opening but they let us in anyway instead of waiting outside.  We told them this was our first time eating there and they gave us samples of their most popular dishes.  Each dish tasted very good individually, but the secret of this place is when you eat them together.  I couldn't believe how Jamaican, Mexican, and Chinese flavors could match so well.  Re-fried black beans with jerk chicken fried rice, combined with emerald chicken and BBQ pork?  A very unusual combo but it actually works...and works almost to perfection.  My wife and my mother loved the food as much as I did.  Finally, to cleanse your pallet, Chino Bandito also gave us complementary homemade Snicker doodle cookies, which were also fantastic.This place is like a perfect storm of flavors.  You can taste each individual dish and then find new flavors when blended together.  I could go back again and again and still think I am going there for the first time.  Chino Bandito is that good.  The only criticism I can think of is that it may be a little expensive, which I always complain about, but in this case it is well worth the price.If you are in the area, Chino Bandito must be on your to-do list.  You won't regret it.
5	I wish I could eat here everyday.  I love the Handgrenade Chicken and Jerk Fried Rice. Snickerdoodle to go!
4	I came to Phoenix on business and yelp'ed some places around my hotel to see what I could get for a quick bite to eat. Chino Bandido did not disappoint! I had the pork fried rice, Cuban black beans, carnitas quesadilla and the red jade chicken. It's really odd how well pork fried rice and Cuban black beans go together! The black beans are excellent! The salsa is yummy and the complimentary cookie is icing on the cake. I just wish there was a refrigerator in my room so I could save this for tomorrow....I couldn't even eat half of it! Cheap, good eats!
4	Lived up to it's reputation on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  So many choices of meats and they'll let you sample as many as you'd like.  Served in a shiny aluminum take out dish and best served right into your belly!Lots of food for like $8 or something ridiculous.  Great for a quick bite to eat.
5	Really great.  I went because it looked good on DDD and it did not disappoint.  They staff was super friendly..."you've never been here?   Let me give you a bunch of samples to see what you like".  I recommend the Jade Chicken and the Jerk Fried Rice...awesome.
4	So we went down to Arizona for a few days and found this little jewel! We heard a lot about this place from the locals with mixed reviews but after catching the episode of Diners, Drive-In's and Dives we decided to take the plunge.The mixture of Chinese and Mexican wouldn't be an obvious jump at me combination but oddly enough, it works incredibly well! Amazing carnitas, jerk fried rice, and black beans...if your looking for something out of the ordinary, cheap and delicioso, look no further. A staple with the locals and a must stop for out of towner's (like us)!
4	I have to say, I'm a bit addicted to the Jade Red Chicken with a side of Chicken Fried rice.The flavor is excellent! You can taste a bit of everything before you order but I can say that the Jade Red Chicken is one of the best.  If you really want to burn up your face hole, go with "Jerk" anything!The staff at Chino are very friendly and come to bring your food to you after you order it at the counter.Just try this place out, you really won't regret it and you'll be back for more!Oh and, hail to the snikerdoodle!
1	I hated this.  I nearly got lynched for saying so.  This place came highly recommended (by not only Food Network's Guy Fieri of DDD but ALL our friends) and everyone swears we must've just hit it on an "off" night...but it was completely abysmal!  I had the teriyaki chicken, carnitas pork, black beans, and jerk fried rice.  Hubby had egg foo young and some kind of burrito.  Honestly, it was like the bastard offspring of the crappiest TV dinner we've ever had.  ALL of the food had the exact same flavor and texture (uber-salty, flavorless, mush).  The restaurant was packed and dirty; they didn't bother to wipe down tables as customers vacated.  Also, they got annoyed and curt with you if you showed up at the register and do not have an order card filled out, as though you're supposed to automatically know they have a special ordering system.  Maybe they stopped making quality food when they learned they could ride on the notoriety the TV exposure got them...or maybe we did just hit it on a bad night.  Either way, we won't be back.
4	Went here today, March 19/12, and we totally enjoyed our meals.  This place is not fancy and, in fact is the anti-fancy, but we don't care so long as the food is good.I had the Red Jade Chicken, which was crispy deep fried deliciousness, along with the Egg Foo Yung.  My sides were Jerk Fried Rice and Black Beans.  Everything was really good and nothing was greasy.  I wasn't too sure about such a combo but I'll be ordering that same combo next time I go.  My hubby had the Quesadilla and I believe it had only cheese but then you'd get a little bite of ginger which popped that Quesadilla up to another level.  It was really good and, again, not oily.  He also had the Chinese Barbecued Pork, along with the Black Beans and Chicken Fried Rice and I asked him if he'd order the same again and he said, "You bet!" so he definitely enjoyed his meal as well.  To top it off, they delivered our meals to the table with cookies for dessert and I'm here to say that those cookies were very, very good.  Can't beat a free cookie either!  Needless to say, we were both really full when we left.
4	Being Chinese and from San Francisco, where there is a loooot of good Chinese food, I was pretty wary of trying Chinese fusion food, especially with Mexican. Came here with my parents during our trip to Arizona and it was surprisingly really good and cheap! Service was good and so was the food. I got the jade red chicken with jerk fried rice and black beans. The black beans were too mushy for my taste. The jerk fried rice had kick but good and I absolutely loved the free snickerdoodle that came with it!
4	Had the jade red chicken and emerald chicken in a quesadilla with beans and rice.  Tasty and very filling. They are generous with portions. A very filling meal w/drink for under $10. The food did not blow me away, but its good and the service is very friendly and efficient. As soon as I walked in, the guy at the counter asked if it was my first time and since it was, he offered me samples of everything on the menu and walked me through recommendations and how to order. 4 stars for the great service and unique take on Chinese/Jamaican/Mexican fusion.
4	Took a trip to AZ for spring training and made a stop at Chino Bandido due to all the reviews and excitement from Diners Drive-ins & Dives. Not more to say than this will be a place we eat at every time we are in the Phoenix area!My husband and I shared a white rice bowl with black beans, a emerald chicken quesadilla & a jade chicken quesadilla. It may sound odd but it was so yummy! The white rice mixed with the mexican black beans was great! And the flavors of the chinese style chicken inside the mexican cheese quesadilla were perfect.Since I live in CA, I will be trying this at home to satisfy the odd craving and prove to friends I am not crazy.
5	Chino Bandido's Mexican, Chinese, and Jamaican mash-up is like Jeremy Lin and the Knicks, Kanye and Coldplay, hot Cheetos and cream cheese - where an unexpected combination creates a product more successful and satisfying than its individual parts. Before going any further, note that everything is better in quesadilla form - neither the burrito nor a la carte match up to what a crispy tortilla enveloping a layer of melted cheese can provide.  The Red Jade Chicken and Jerk Chicken were among my favorites, but the Emerald Chicken blew my mind.  Having been raised in a Chinese household, the chicken breast with fresh ginger and green onion sauce was a staple at every major meal.  However, being crafted into a quesadilla raised this familiar dish's flavor ceiling by 298374908 levels.  Henceforth, whenever I encounter this chicken at a family meal, part of me will inevitably pine for it to be encased in a tortilla, oozing with cheese.The jerk fried rice and pork fried rice are both flavorful and great complements to the quesadilla, with the pork fried rice coming out slightly ahead in terms of richness in taste.  The jerk chicken overwhelms the rice a bit, while the pork creates a more natural blend with the rest of the ingredients.As a newcomer, be sure to enroll in the tutorial next to the line, where you will be treated to samples of their most popular items and given instructions to fill out the unique ordering sheet.Will definitely crave Chino until I return!
5	Delicious. We shared the combination plates for the red jade chicken, pollo diablo and the jerk chicken and the carnitas. Staff is very friendly and helpful and the food lived up to the hype. This is truly a 5 star, 300+ review place and you can't beat the price. Throw on a t-shirt and jeans and enjoy delicious food.
5	Chino Bandido is a mishmash of complete awesomeness!  This dive serves up some of the best mexican and asian fast food in the valley, and it's all on one dish.  The ordering process is confusing, and the decor (or lack there of) leaves a ton to be desired, and the place has a dirty feeling and is located in a pretty sketchy strip mall, but that's what creates its charm.For those who do not know.  Chino offers up mexican and asian foods.  You can have it in a rice bowl, a combo bowl (two items plus beans and rice), grilled up in quesadilla, or wrapped in a burrito.  To order, you get a little form that can be odd to fill out, but they'll help you get it right (I don't get why they don't just ask you what you want and fill it out themselves, but it did feel like an accomplishment to get it right).  The best part about Chino (besides the food) is how friendly the staff is.  When we walked in, I informed the guy who greeted us that my parents had never been to either of their locations, so right away he told them to step on over, and he gave them some generous samples of their more popular dishes, and a pretty good description how the foods were cooked.The food is high quality fast food.  Very unique and flavorful.  Plus every order comes with a snicker doodle, where can you go wrong?  The dining area is made of plastic costco tables and chairs and a big tv playing espn.  Very odd, but that's what makes Chino the wonderful dive that it is.
5	I saw this place on a Food Network series in November. When my family went to Phoenix in March for spring training, I knew we had to stop here. It was the first stop after getting off the plane and getting the rental car. It was in a sketchy area in the town, and far enough from the freeway. When we were there, the workers gave us samples of the different foods. I got the chicken fried rice combo with jade red chicken and the pollo diablo. The pollo diablo had a nice spicy flavor, and the jade red chicken was also very good. The snickerdoodle was very soft and chewy, which was a good thing for me. This will be a permanent stop in Phoenix for Spring Training trips.
5	This place is hillarious. From the panda with the mustache to the plastic tables and fold up chairs. I hope you're not looking for high end dining in terms of ambiance! But the food is worth walking inside the small hole in the wall restaurant. The jade red chicken is amazing. I recommend it plain (as in not in a burrito/quesadilla). My other favorite is the jerk chicken (which is a little spicy) in a quesadilla. Oh and the black beans are good too. Don't forget you get a cookie with the combo! I love snickerdoodles.YUM!
5	A panda with mustache and sombrero... doesn't get much better than that. Loved the carnitas and cuban beans. Volcano cookie all the way!
5	Amazing.If you can't imagine what Mexican-Asian fusion would taste like, Chino's is a must-see. There is nothing like it and the food is outstanding. I never thought soy sauce would be good on refried beans either.I recommend the Jen Red Chicken and the Chinese BBQ Pork.Hengrenade Chicken is good too if you like the flavor of Jerk but not all the pepper.
5	Came here and wasn't sure what to expect. I was VERY pleasantly surprised!!  I loved how the staff gave you samples, explained how the ordering system worked, and were super friendly.I had the BBQ pork, the jade chicken, pork fried rice, & refried beans. I really enjoyed the chicken, though the pork wasn't as good as I thought. I mixed the rice & beans together- super yummy! My favorite part of the meal by far was the snickerdoodles. They're thick, warm, & the perfect texture. It's a random addition, but a good one!I ended getting additional cookies. They're so yummy!Definitely will be coming back!!
4	I hadn't been in probably 10 years so I didn't really remember what it was all about, just that I'd enjoyed it before and people always talk about how they love it.So when my husband and I were in the area and in need of some quick food Sunday afternoon we headed over.The guy at the counter was so incredibly genuine and nice. He helped us with the order form which for whatever reason is a bit confusing. I love the different combinations you can make. I didn't get too adventurous this time, I was a little overwhelmed, but I'd go back and try it again. I loved my husbands quesadilla with machaca.It was totally worth a visit.
5	My husband and I came here because of the great yelp reviews and it totally lived up to the expectation. When we first pulled up I questioned myself because its kind of a dive type place. Bottom line: the food was AMAZING! Probably some of the best stuff I have ever eaten. I don't live anywhere near and am craving it all the time now ;( Will someone mail me some? Ill have their awesome pastor, diablo chicken and jerk rice! thanks.
4	My mom insisted on this being her first stop when she arrived in Phoenix. She saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and she loved the concept. So off we went. It does look like a dive, but it was clean and that is what matters the most. The young lady behind the counter was the most patient woman ever and let us try just about everything so that we could make up our minds as to what we wanted. I have no idea what they put in those refried beans, but baby they are some good eats. I could have had a bowl of that with the jerk fried rice and I would have been happy. My mom wanted a little bit of it all, so ordered a carnita burrito, jade chicken, beans, and jerk fried rice. I kept it simple with just the jerk fried rice and the jerk chicken. (Hey I was already full from all the samples, don't judge me) Everything was so good. We had left overs the for lunch the next day. Mom was extremely pleased and needless to say that on her next visit, we will be back again!
5	This one of the better places I've eaten that isn't in the "fine dining" category. They're food is truly amazing worth twice the price!
4	Once you get over the fact that this place is a hole in the wall dive (which is a positive in my book), prepare to be impressed.We've lived in the Valley almost 8 years and never gotten around to eating here. Now that we have, we'll definitely be back. The free samples of their most popular dishes was helpful since I'm not crazy about spicy food. I had the Emerald chicken with fried rice. The sauce over the chicken was awesome. My only issue was that there were way too many green onions in the fried rice, but that's a minor thing. Next time I'll just get plain rice. Hubby had the Red chicken and a few other things I don't remember, and said they were good. And of course, the snickerdoodles were totally a random thing but delicious.Even better, this place is CHEAP!
4	One our favorites and I can't believe I forgot to review this place for this long. We eat at Chino Bandido every time we're in the area and my entire family loves it.I always get the Jade Chicken and switch up the other item along with jerk fried rice and refried beans. Always fresh and delicious. Only complaint is the menu is a bit confusing the first couple of times you fill it out but once you have it down it makes sense.Highly recommended, try it and you'll love it.Hint: if it is your first time they have a sample station and just ask to try the items before you order.
5	Chino Bandido is a staple for my sister and I. I'm not going to lie, when describing this place I feel the need to mention that while it's not much to look at on the outside--inside it delivers some of my favorite guilty pleasures.I encourage anyone who is trying this place for the first time to take a few minutes and allow the staff to guide you thru what they have to offer. With their complimentary taste test , you can try a few of their most popular dishes and learn how to order off of their moderately challenging menu (but once you get it, its super easy). I ALWAYS go for the combination of double jade red chicken, refried beans, and plain fried rice.The snickerdoodle at the end is perfectly baked. Every time. Love this place.
1	If I could give this less than a star I would....I was talked into meeting some friends here who swear by this place and I left deathly I'll and barely made it home to spend the next hour of my life in the bathroom thinking I was dying.  I did not learn my lesson...I gave it another shot this time I gave up and asked for a refund, was denied... NEVER again!!!!
4	Good food, reasonable prices and the staff is great... very helpful. Highly recommended!
5	I really miss this place. I had hoped that reading reviews of it on Yelp would allow me to experience again, if only in my mind, how delicious this (bad for you) food is. It's worth the hype. Haven't found anything like it anywhere since.
4	I love this place!  Great food and fast service.   They've been around for quite a while and the quality hasn't change a bit.
4	Saw it on diner drive in and dives,  it's a dive but a good one.  staff helpful when ordering for the first time.  Should have tried the emerald chicken ,  I got the jade chicken, the black beans were very good and the jerk fried rice was tasty. I even got a cookie with my combo.  The carnitas was average I've had better.  I would go back to eat there again.
1	I have heard so many good reviews for this place, so who wouldn't try it? I should have taken the hints before I got my meal, that this wasn't a good choice.Hint 1: Location - It's right next to a smoke shop and a gas station across the street from a mobile park.Hint 2: Food test - It was nice that I got to sample the food even if the first sample wasn't up to par, the guy wouldn't leave me alone about sampling.Hint 3: Decor - I know this should never have anything to do with the food, but it felt like I was eating at a cousins house on the bad side of town, wobbly chairs, wobbly table.I ordered the teriyaki chicken (didn't think it would be bad, I mean who can mess up teriyaki?) With chicken fried rice (once again, how on earth can you mess up fried rice?) The chicken tasted like it was frozen and thawed out all day. Such a horrible taste. The fried rice tasted like it too was thawed out, kind of had a gross tangy after taste. There also wasn't any spices or egg in the fried rice, just a bunch of green onion,which technically isn't a fried rice. This meal can be related to something you get in the frozen section at a grocery store.They also give you a snickerdoodle cookie, that looked like it could be the best thing on the menu, until I noticed it wasn't cooked all the way through.But the icing on the cake was the gross pube like grey hair I found floating in my teriyaki sauce. So the expensive $8 meal was so not worth it, and I 'm sure when Diners Drive Ins and Dives visited, the food was great, but today it was the grossest thing I've ever had.
5	OK this place has been on diners drive-ins and dives and I have been here a handful of times. It is the one place where when you are talking about going out and grabbing food that everyone forgets, however when you remember it everyone always says HECK YEAH!!Chino Bandido is Chinese Mexican fusion (yeah I know at first it sounds NASTY) but they really make it work.When you go in immediately to your right you will see order forms. Now I will be honest the first time, and the second time I went in I wondered how I was supposed to fill it out. It appeared that I would need to use college level algebra. However if you ask the staff they will explain it and it actually is really easy.My favorite is the combination of Jade Red Chicken and Teriyaki Chicken, with Jerk Fried Rice and Refried Beans.Warning the Jerk Chicken is HOT (now I can hear my friend Chris in the background calling me a weenie, however be warned.) With each dish they have cookies either a snickerdoodle which is awesome but their volcano cookies are DELICIOUS. You get a chocolate cookie you put a warm gooey center and top with powdered sugar.All in all one of my favorite places in the Valley to eat in or bring home.
4	Talk about quirky.  It's got it all.  The tasting bar is the way to go.  I think the veggie quesadilla is good. I also like the carnitas.  They even have cookies with your meal.  It's a place you have to try.  If you are into a fancy place this is not for you.  I happen to think good food can come fro some hole in the wall places.
5	Hands down this is the best day I can ever remember.I'll always remember lunch at Chino Bandido. I got the carnitas burrito, you got the Chinese BBQ pork quesadilla. We shared a fountain drink with no ice. The whole experience was really nice.Then we stood at your car door with your hands on my waist and you kissed me like you meant it.
4	OK, so it took to trips to this place for me to become a fan... but now I am most def. a fan. they have cold beer and good food.
4	I was skeptical at first but now I am a believer -Chino Bandido you are a rare breed. YOU MUST: try anything and everything you won't regret it! SO what the place is a little dive like but only the BEST places are! SERVICE IS OUTSTANDING!
4	Chinese/Mexican fusion? How can you go wrong? Food was very good, although the menu can be confusing for a first timer, but the staff is there to help, and will make suggestions. Not a fancy place, gets busy at lunchtime.
4	Being new to Phoenix and new to trying Mexican-chinese food. I give this place two thumbs up. If your new, they right a way welcome you with samples of their most popular entrees. This gives you an idea of what they offer and choose from there. Black beans are very tasty and spicy which I like. I had the Jade Red Chicken, which is similar to Orange Chicken but a bit sweeter. My son had chicken teriyaki with rice, they provide perfect portions for my 4 year old, he finished his whole meal which normally doesn't do. Instead of fortune cookies they give you a snicker doodle. Which is pretty darn good. Crispy on the outside, soft and chewy in the middle. We will definitely be returning.
5	doesn't matter, had really good food.
4	Green emerald and the jade red chicken was delicious. Their green onion ginger sauce is spot on. I will be back before I leave Phoenix!
2	Meh, not sure why everyone is raving, coming from bay area we have great mexican and asian food. Honestly, the food is more of a fad fusion trend than it is quality.  One thing I have to say is the service was outstanding, friendly folks. Free rice and drinks for the kids under 10......these are the good things.The bathroom was disgusting, one of my friends felt sick mid meal and the other threw up/ got the runs a few hours later. These are the bad things...Really good service, but overall I don't think any of us would want to be repeat customers.
5	The jade red chicken is amazing. The cookies are the perfect ending to a meal.
4	Go here if you... One, want chinese or mexican and cant decide. Two, want a lot of food. Three, aren't on a diet or were and want to break it up in the best/worst way possible. First timers, the menu can be confusing, don't waste too much time and just ask for help at the counter.
5	Very tasty food once you find the combo of entrees that taste the best to you. The Jade Chicken and Pork are my favorite. The cookie that comes with the meals are delicious.
5	Great service, good food. I don't get to eat here as often as I would like, but I consider it a treat when I do. Not the cleanest place in the world, but i'm not a germ freak like a lot of people so it doesn't bother me. I always get the Jerk Chicken, just the right amount of spice and "kick" to it. I have tasted some of the other items on the menu and all have tasted good. Chino Bandido is one of those places that I go too when I have guest from out of town. It's great in the fact that it's unique. The service has been great every time I have been here. If your from somewhere other than the phoenix area ask for help from the employees and try the samples.
5	I think I might have a problem with going here WAY too often. I have noticed I have had to up my cardio ALLOT due to all the awesome food I have that comes from this place. I have tried everything at least 300 times, but my all time 'go to' item is the Emerald Chicken. Oh mama that is good stuff. The black beans and jerk fried rice I would eat on a daily basis. And who else gives you a cookie for ordering? I feel like it's my birthday every time I get a cookie. YUM! One thing, try not to use the bathroom so often, it's slightly horrific. And no mirror? Really NO mirror in a woman's bathroom? Just wrong man...so wrong.
5	Interesting
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while now and recenlty had the opportunity. A few of my coworkers and I were at a training in Phoenix and desiring a spot for lunch.  A quick click of my GPS for local restaurants and Chino Bandino populated my screen. I shared the philosophy with my coworkers, my desire to try this place and they were game.It was lunch time and busy when we arrived. We were a little confused as the place was crowded with people. One of the employees came over and inquired if he could help us and we explained that we were first timers. He took us to a side bar and gave all four of us samples of the Jade Chicken, the Carnitas, black beans, fried rice and a few others all of which were delicious. We excitedly ordered and sat down for our feast. Suffice to say we were stuffed when we returned to our training. Around 3pm the Snickerdoodle came in handy for our late day snack. Each of us enjoyed this outing and we shall return.
4	This place is literally a diamond in the rough. When I tell my friends to meet me here, they are somewhat weary of my description of how to get here. It's just north of Greenway on the west side, right across from a trailer park in a dumpy old strip mall. It's brilliant really. Let's take two of some of the best guilty pleasures: Mexican and Chinese food and mix them together! When I'm hungry and am craving food and can't make a decision, this is my go-to place, because it satiates the cravings for salty, rich, cheesy, and maybe spicy if you'd like. Oh, and sweet too! (They give you homemade Snickerdoodles with each meal!)My favorite thing to do is get the combo platter with the Emerald Chicken (so light, tender, and yummy), either Machaca beef or carnitas in a quesadilla, and the pork fried rice with black beans. As another reviewer said, go for the Jerk chicken or Pollo Diablo if you want options that are spicier. It can get confusing what to order since there's too many options, but no need to fret. They let you sample everything! You can just order one dish (i.e. Teriyaki chicken) alone with rice, or you can get the combo like the one I mentioned above so you have more choices. Ordering a meat/veggie as a quesadilla or burrito is merely an included option if you get the combo plate, but it's extra if you're only getting one meat/veggie alone. Don't forget to check out the life size Panda in a sombrero either while waiting for your food. The place can get pretty packed on weekend evenings...
5	Wow! I usually save my 5 star ratings for the truly special Restaurants that have it all. Well I don't know is  Bandito had it all but it sure did the nite we ate here!!We started with a tasting and education on the menu from a very nice worker at the counter. She let us try 6 items but after the second one I was sold!I ended up doing The 2 combo platter. With emerald chicken and red jade chicken. I choose to have them made into quesadilla. We sat down and had to take our photo with the giant panda. Then sat down and a few moments later our food came. Perfect! I also ordered my food with jerk fried rice which also had peices of chicken in it.  I was blown away experience. I totally loved the emerald chicken in a quesadilla.  Possibly the best quesadilla I have ever had. The emerald chicken was just so tasty.   The red jade chicken was also good as a quesadilla but I think It might be better alone with rice.  The red jade is like orange chicken but with a kick!Overall this is now one of my favorite restaurants in Phx, I will for sure come back and I will try even more!!!!!  I can't believe I've been in Phx most of my life and it took me so long to enjoy this restaurant.
5	This place is my church... I love coming here religiously on the weekends for lunch. You can't beat the selection, quality and flavor of everything on the menu.It's tough to decide between Chino and Tacos Atoyac... so I usually end up having two lunches whenever I go :)
3	Kind of different food with combination of tastes from Chinese and Mexican. Worth a shot once.
5	This is a crazy combination and it really works! Chinese, Mexican and some Caribbean. What I find odd is that with food from 3 different "brown" cultures, the majority on the patrons were white! Just an observation. Kinda hectic in the Phoenix location, it reminds me of a busy toy store during Christmas shopping season. Dont let that scare you off it's really good, The  Red Jade Chicken is my favorite! they are or have opened a new location in Chandler, so for east valley folks, that's nice.
4	A hearty meal for a hearty people.  No frills setting but you will be pleasantly surprised at how well they meld some meaty Asian fare with some South of the Border garnishments.
5	Love this place! Always good food. I would definitely recommend the Jade Red Chicken and the snickerdoodles :) Been going there for many,many years and will keep on going.
1	I don't get why this place is so overrated.  I even came here twice to try and trick myself into liking it.  The food is nasty, really!  Mexican food cooked with the mystery asian meat....Is it chicken, horse, or cat?Who knows really.  The food has a very bland taste, don't waste your time.
3	Look... If you go to a hole in the wall dive then expect dive style food. This place is the bomb for dive flavors and what a concept it has. The mixing of Mexican and Chinese foods form a great fusion meal. The punch of chilies that hit your throat with every Mexican dish entree accompanied with the sweet taste of Chinese cuisine is just plain delicious. This place was featured on The Food Networks "Diners, Driven-Ins, and Dives" and it deserved to be. Like Guy from Tripple D, I too would suggest this dive for those looking to try something not of the norm.
4	WOW. This place is sooo delicious. I am talking greasy-make-you-feel-guilty-for-eating-it-bloated-for-hours-SCRUMPTIOUS! Totally worth it! Its a mexican/chinese food place. Thats right, you mix the two. I went with my husband and he had to save me from being a rookie. YOu have to get adventurous and mix the combos. Get a diablo chicken quesadilla or a jerk chicken burrito. I highly recommend the chili relleno, it was awesome.  They also give you a free ginger snap cookie with your meal, they are perfect!Dont over-do it (its easier than you think because its so good) this place is loaded in sodium so if you leave really full you are going to be 3 times as full when you get home! I will warn you, the place is divey, but the food is so good you zone out your surroundings and just focus on disgracing yourself by eating like someone denied food for days.
4	After lots of hype, i've finally made the journey here since i was in Phx for work. The employees are genuinely helpful- many samples. I apologized for taking steve nash from them. The food- i had jade red chicken, chile relleno & jerk fried rice. Super great. The highlight was the flavor explosions, cheese & happiness in my mouth. The venue could be improved and would definitely raise the experience to a 5-star. Maybe i brought my high LA hole-in-the-wall standards but, i was disappointed in the lack of ambiance. Imagine a hole-in-the-wall cafe w 4-star food for cheap.
3	I'm so torn.  This place could be really good, and parts of it were.  I did enjoy their samples, and it definitely told me what was good and what was not.  Their system of ordering and the options you can choose are awesome.  The jerk chicken rice and the black beans were the best part of the meal.  I didn't care for the red jade chicken.  It was just greasy sweet and sour chicken.  Takeout status.  I did enjoy the carnitas burrito, but why would I order that here if I can just go some real Mexican place anywhere else?  Oh, your meal also comes with a cookie.  Snickerdoodle, to be precise.
1	Filthy!  There is no reason a "hole in the wall" restaurant needs to be dirty... The floors, the tables, the walls, the stained ceiling!   I DON'T want to see the kitchen!  We ate the food but I might regret it!
4	This is a very good restaurant, well worth the price. It's not five star quality food, but it is definitely above average, and the staff is great. In fact, if it's your first time there, let them know and they'll give you a bunch of samples. I was sold instantly. Been there a few times now and have not been disappointed yet.
5	I loved there food the chinese food was authentic.. This was down the street from the hotel I was staying at for business. It absolutely the best fusion chinese and mexican food I had ever tasted.. I had ordered the Jamican jerk rice with ginger chicken and chop suey quesedilla.. I wish they had one where I live.. I can see why Diners and Drive In's give this place such a good rating it is awesome :)
4	My husband and I loved this place. The staff was very helpful with ordering and allowed us to sample six of their most popular items. We had enough food for leftovers the next day for under $25. It was great to see everything from ties to tatoos having a good time. My only complaint is that the restaurant could be a little cleaner.
5	I would give Chino Bandido 4.75 stars. The only reason why it's not completely 5 stars is that it wasn't very clean, and the atmosphere wasn't great either, but the food was excellent. I heard it was on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives so I decided, why not go there? When I went there I really wasn't excepting much, but the service was very nice and the staff let us sample their food which was really nice and welcoming. Everyone of the options I tried they had given us was incredible. I ordered Jade Red Chicken and Emerald Chicken with a side of Chicken Fried Rice. People say it's difficult to order but it seemed like a piece of cake to me. The Chicken Fried Rice was very moist and delicious. The Emerald Chicken was very juicy, succulent, moist, buttery, it melts in your mouth, and the quality is undeniable. The Jade Red Chicken is to die for. It was very flavorful and crunchy and the meat was moist. It's like Orange Chicken but better. The Jade Red Chicken is also on the spicy side also. I also got a volcano chocolate cookie which was good, but it was a little sweet. I even got a small  t-shirt since I'm an eleven year old boy using my step-mom's name. I will definitely come back to this amazing restaurant.
5	Yo, you like Chinese food right? And of course you love Mexican food, you're in Arizona. Then you will LOVE this place. The wonderful place combines two fantastic food genres and makes them fantasticer by combining them. You can get Jade Chicken in a burrito! Or in a quesadilla! Even if you don't want to combine Mexican food with Chinese food, eating them in a more traditional (?) way is still an amazing treat. You can take the food to go and sit down inside. The restaurant setting is a little bare bones but they bring your food to your table so it comes out even? You also get a free cookie so that's awesome!Possibly the best thing about this place is the mascot. It's probably the most racist mascot ever. Panda wearing a sombrero with six shooter. Ridiculous and I love it
4	This restaurant is truely cultural experience in your mouth---Chinese, Mexican with a dash of Jamaican. Pollo Diablo is fab! Mom and Pop place with some true TLC that goes into the food. The beer and wine was a good selection as well! Way to Go!
5	Today was my first time there, and I have to say it was great! As a new customer, they let me try some of what they had to offer before I made a choice on what I wanted to eat.
3	I went here for the first time after hearing rave reviews about it.I was never offered any "free samples" that everyone keeps taliking about:(.The kid at the counter knew it was our first time there too.He was very nice and helpful though.I thought the food was pretty good,but did not really like the menu so much.It seems like the only chinese chicken they have is either,ginger,deep fried,or jerk.All of which I'm not a fan of.Oh yeah they do have terryaki chicken,which i ordered.It was pretty good.Also the white rice i got was perfectly cooked.I sampled some of my B.F.'S Jerk chicken and black beans and they were delicious!I usually hate jerk chicken,but Chino Bandido's is awesome.I thought the food was good,nothing special.I really did not like the ordering process.(fill out a form and hand it in???)weird.Also the decor is dingy,drab,depressing,and dirty.Reminds me of a high school cafeteria.(only not as clean).The cookie they gave us with our meals was really good too.I think it was a snickerdoodle.Overall the food was good,but i don't see why everyone acts like it's the best food ever.It's not THAT great.T he atmosphere is what really turned me off.I'd eat here again,but really gotta be in the mood for it.I know it's fast food,but it got a little annoying when every customer who came in after us decided to sit RIGHT next to us even though there were plenty of empty tables.And they all had loud, whiney kids with them too.(obviously not chino bandido's fault)but still annoying.
5	This is a unique eating experience.  Their menu is very unique.  Our family has diverse eating preferences and Chino's has something for all of us.  They have been careful to stay in this same location for over 20 years although their place is always busy.  I love the Jade Red, my wife loves the quesadilla and our youngest son loves the jerk chicken because it is spicy.You gotta try it!!
4	Decor-simpleStaff-wonderfulFood: Jerk Chicken, delightful; Carnitas, good; jerk fried rice, yummyWill be back, without a doubt!
4	The only reason I give this place a 4 instead of a 5, is they're portions. They pile the rice and beans, which are delicious and especially the Jerk Fried Rice but the actual entree items are quite small. I have been going here for years and it has always been great never a bad meal. For the price I just think there should be better portions
4	More "Bandito' than 'Chino', but delicious all around. Has great jerk chicken and rice and the most incredible chile relleno I've ever had.
4	The food is fantastic and I've come here for years.  My boyfriend also can never get enough of this place.  I love the fact that its unique to Phoenix which is why I always take visitors here.  They are also generous with samples.  I would not change anything about the food.  I wish the ambiance was a little nicer though.  Maybe a repainted wall here or there or new tables or chairs??
4	Oh my dear!  Like Mexico, Jamacia and China did the tango on my tongue.  Being a first timer,  I was guided through the menu by a Chino Bandido expert.  I was intrigued by the unorthodox flavor combinations.  Honestly,  I'm not sure how fried rice, emerald chicken (ginger, green onion,  salt) and cuban beans could work together on a plate, but they do!  And those cookies....so yummy.  I'll be back soon to try something completely different.
5	I will drive from Long Beach just for the red jade chicken.... It's kickin!!
5	I am dreaming of the Red Jade Chicken and the snicker doodle was heaven on earth. Truly one of the more eclectic dining experiences I've ever had, and I can't wait to go back for more.
3	Friendly service and great bang for the buck, though not really legit fusion food.Food:-Decent jade red chicken, but basically tasted like good version of your typical sweet and sour chicken-Four kinds of fried rice that also tasted straight from a Chinese restaurant everywhereDecor:-Dirty cafeteria style with a giant mexican panda statue, which I didn't really find that endearing or understand with its thick belt of bulletsOther than the snickerdoodle cookie (which I thoroughly and guiltily enjoyed) rather than a fortune cookie, Chino Bandido is basically Panda Express with more samples.
5	If you don't love this place, you have problems. It's a dive. It's delicious. The prices are pretty decent. It's unique. It's delicious. It's fun. It's delicious. Portions are big. And it's pretty delicious. You can sample a lot of their food before making a selection. It's delicious.
5	Cant say enough about how much i love this place. Everything is good. Dont expect luxury scenery just DAMN GOOD FOOD!!
5	This place was on my to do list during my visit to Arizona recently. I had seen the restaurant on Diners, Dive-ins, and Drives and knew I had to try it. Its a blend of Mexican/Asian food. I had the jade red chicken with white rice, AWESOME. You also get a cookie with your order :) Very unique place to have a meal. I highly recommend it if you're ever in the Glendale/Phoenix area.
4	Man this place is something else.The food is tasty, the place is a totally wonderful dive, and the staff are fantastic.  I just wish the protein portions were larger and the rice and beans a little smaller.  They're all fantastic.  I got the Jade Chicken and Machaca in a quesadilla with black beans and jerk fried rice.  I think next time I'll try the emerald chicken in a quesdilla.
5	Great combos.
5	Quite some time ago I saw this place on Travel Channel's top 50 unique places to eat, or something like that. The idea of a fusion of Oriental and Mexican food intrigued me. knowing that I would not be going to Phoenix any time soon, I put it in the back of my mind.Ended up in Phoenix on business and needed to find a place to eat. The back of my mind reminded me of some place with Mexican/Oriental fusion. searched Yelp and came up with Chino Bandido and it was only 4 miles from my hotel.I wanted to experience as many flavors as possible so I ordered an al la cart carnitas burrito & a combination bowl with Jade chicken, chile relleno, jerk chicken fried rice and Cuban black beans. I wish I could have ordered more, but the portion sizes are too big and I would have been miserable, because I would have eaten every bite. The chile relleno was fantastic. the crispy exterior was so unique.WOW! the flavors exploded in my mouth. The food was great!The thing that impressed me more than the food was the service. If any one wants an example of  great customer service for a model for their own business after, even without eating a bite of the delicious food a visit to Chino Bandido is would be worth the trip. The staff's compensation is either based on the the satisfaction of the clientele of they are part owners, because everyone of them acted as if it was their business. It was my first visit and I did not know the menu or how to order. No problem. I was greeted by friendly staff who directed me to a line of neophytes. when it was my turn the young lady asked me  some questions and then offered bites of different menu items & explained some of the many options available for me to order. I even had to ask her to cut down the size of the samples so that I would not fill up before ordering.My only regret is not being able to go back and order some of the menu items I was unable to try.The 4" snicker-doodle cookie was a very pleasant surprise.
4	Great and affordable food ... Service is also great ...They really help you in choosing the food..Ambiance is OK but has lot of scope to improve on it.
4	I took my friend from Mexico here and she just laughed at me. "This is such an American thing to do," she said, "taking the most unhealthy things from different cultures, then smothering them with cheese." I didn't hear any complaints in that sentence, really. Chino Bandido is an all-American idea. It's like a bacon and peanut butter sandwich, a deep fried oreo, a Coney Island hot dog eating contest. It's just genius. The jade red chicken on it's own is wonderful, but pairing it with black beans or putting it in a gooey cheese quesadilla just enhances the whole experience. And, though my foreign friend laughed, she was happy to box up the leftovers for the next day!I think the icing on top of this patriotic cake was really the warm snickerdoodle that comes with every meal. My friends have this crazy rule that you smash the cookie with your fist, because it's really fluffy and it makes it bigger if you squish it down a little. There's really no science behind it, but maybe we can start a trend?This is a true Phoenix essential, and a silly and fun place to take out-of-towners, or just yourself when the mood strikes!
3	I just don't get it. Everybody raves about this place including my friend who brought me. I just didn't think anything was that good. I will give chino bandido another chance eventually, hopefully I have a better experience next time.
5	I'm glad we live close. If you walk in you wouldn't think much. But the food is amazing!!!!!  Well worth checking it out!!!!
4	Super Delicious altho we didn't do well figuring out the menu. Definitely great value for the quality and quantity. Nice easy ambiance and great staff.
4	The jerk fried rice is silly good. I had the jade chicken that was also really good. The process of placing your order can be a bit confusing if you are new to this place however they have some employees to help you if it is your first time ordering.
1	Our favorite little place is having serious issues :(This place has never been known for cleanliness... But this trip revealed a hair in the food, poor service and bad cooking. I won't be back for a while if ever. Not the same as it used to be and I have been coming here for over 10 years.
3	Pretty good food but the place is so run down I almost did not want to eat there.  Unique concept though.
5	Everything I would hope it would be!!  The person that helped us brought us several samples so we could pick exactly what we would enjoy which was wonderful since this was a one shot situation (we were on vacation).  Very unique and fun food experience.  The cookies tasted like sopapillas which was a fun suprise.  SOOOO GOOOD!!!! I heart this place and wish it was in Denver (or where ever I live).  YUMM!!!!!!!
5	First time here.Place is pretty ghetto.Definitely a hole in the wall place. Which makes it that much better.I had their emerald chicken, black bean, and jerk chicken. It was amazing.They were really nice. Since it was my first time there, they gave me 6 samples of their most popular dish. I thought that was pretty cool, it helped me decided for sure.I will come here over and over!
2	Vegetarians, move along. No much to see or eat here. (Vegan - NO.)  I got the veggie quesadilla and it came with (actually, under, if you can picture that) raw broccoli bites and some iceberg lettuce. Mr. Amalia C got the chile relleno, which he peeled the cornflake-like breading off and then ate (said it was good), with side of rice and beans. The rice had meat in it, not sure if that was advertised or not. Interesting local color in the place for sure, and friendly staff, but not worth a repeat visit for vegetarians. I gave them that second star on account of the complimentary snickerdoodles. Yeah!
4	Soooo good! And you have plenty of leftovers and they still taste as yummy. Quick service too.
5	I got a combo to go and it was prepared quickly. I went at a less busy time when there wasn't a line. The cashier guy wasn't very friendly. But the girl who gave me my to go meal was nice and helpful in putting my sauces and such in the bag before she tied it closed. They should put the less friendly people in back where they don't need to talk to anyone. And put the friendly people at the registers since that's the first impression people get and it sets the mood for their experience on that particular visit.It's good to see they are not charging the Visa/Mastercard fee. That may be because they had a really bad experience when they first tried charging 25 cents extra for charge many years ago. If they are charging the extra fee now, they MUST display in an obvious location near the register that they are adding the credit card use fee.  Otherwise that would be in violation of the Visa/Mastercard policy with merchants.So, be sure to check your itemized receipt and ask for it.
4	Yelp and Guy Feri got it right! Searching Yelp for Chinese in Phoenix directed us to this strange place that somehow works. Rather than being a fusion of both Chinese and Mexican, most of the dishes lean closer to one or the other category.I definitely recommend getting the combo as getting a regular ends up being very plain (literally just white rice with whatever you choose). I opted for the vegetarian friendly combo: #2 Chile Relllano and #21 Veggie fajitas with a side of white rice and black beans. The Chile Rellano was deliciously cheesy but the veggies were too oily.PS. This place is the opposite of eco-friendly, using all disposable dishes and utensils.. Booo!#vegetarian review
4	Listen, you have to suspend a little bit of disbelief to enjoy Chino, OK? It's not the most stylish or the cleanest looking restaurant you've ever seen. The tables are the same portable kind that you'd register to vote on or lay out your wares at a yard sale and the chairs are like a school cafeteria. You pour your own drinks at the fountain and the napkins are in a wall-mounted dispenser and you pick up your plastic utensils from a bin next to the drink lids and condiment packets. All of the above fits the neighborhood at 19th Ave & Greenway perfectly. There's a trailer park across the street, just south of a horse racing track, know what I'm sayin? Enjoy the taste of your food despite your surroundings, right?Imagine combining the greatest hits of what most Americans know of Chinese, Mexican and Jamaican cuisines, make it affordable along with totally customizable and that's the essence of the concept at Chino. I really, really, really like it. I think it is perfectly unpretentious and works great as:+a lunch stop with co-workers+a takeout joint at the end of a busy day+a family restaurant+a place where you know there'll be something for everyone+a hangover cureThey make one of the greatest snickerdoodles in the world, too.You will be overwhelmed your first visit, so take your time (seriously, ten or 15 minutes) and ask for a sample of whatever you're considering.
5	just went with my son for lunch . Best hole in the wall restaurant I've ever been too... Everything was great and very friendly !
3	Was surprised that the jerk fried rice was not as spicy like the first time I went here. The portions seemed smaller than before and barely filled the round foil container. The food was still tasty and satisfying. I recommend the black beans over the refried since they have more flavor. Service was good and prompt. The staff was friendly and helpful in making our choices. The order paper is a bit confusing and the staff is there to explain to the newbies but it still takes a couple of times of doing the paper before you get the hang of it.
2	The best part of the meal at Chino Bandido was the free snickerdoodle cookie.  On the outside, it had a flaky crust with a dusting of cinnamon, and on the inside, it was warm and chewy.  Oh yeahhhh!!!!  Unfortunately, when the best part of the meal is the free desert, then Phoenix, we have a problem.  I feel really bad about giving this place a bad review, especially since they were so nice about giving free samples before I ordered.  Unfortunately, from my experience, it really is all hype here.  As I tried the samples, most of the Chinese dishes, including the signature Jade Red Chicken, were either overly sweet or not spicy enough.  Even if this place is an inexpensive hole-in-the-wall, I expected much better since it was featured on DDD, but especially because their website says one of the co-founders is of Chinese descent.  The only other Mexican dish to sample besides carnitas was the pollo diablo which tasted more Chinese than Mexican.By the time I finished trying all the samples, however, I felt obligated to give this place a try, so I ordered the combo with jerk fried rice, emerald chicken, carnitas wrapped as a burrito, and refried beans for about $7.25. At first, it seemed like there would be almost too much food because the combos come in nice big aluminum take-out pans, but instead of serving all the items on top of a steaming gut-busting bed of jerk rice, mine had only a 1/3-pan wedge of rice to the side of the other items.  Come on guys....rice does not cost that much!  Even the combos from Chinese fast food take-outs in strip malls come with more rice!The jerk rice was salty and slightly spicy but did not have that habanero allspice garlicky cinnamon nutmeg taste I usually associate with jerk seasoning.  The pulled pork that passed for carnitas did not taste as if it was slow roasted nor was it seasoned with anything other than salt.  It was simply a greasy stale wad of shredded pork wrapped in a tortilla without any salsa, guacamole, or cilantro to make it more interesting.  The refried beans had a meager sprinkling of melted cheese but were otherwise bland and pasty.  The best part of the main meal was the emerald chicken which consisted of sliced chicken breast meat covered with an overly-salted, but flavorful, green onion & ginger sauce, but it seemed as if the sauce was simply poured onto unmarinated chicken.  The pathetic metal stand they called a "salsa bar" had plastic eating utensils, napkins, soy sauce packets, and siracha sauce packets...but no salsa!Now, some people have characterized this place as fusion cuisine.  I don't mean to be a gourmet snob, but the food here is definitely not fusion!  It's simply a hodge podge of dishes from different cuisines put side-by-side onto the same plate, similar to a "Hawaiian plate lunch."  If Chino Bandido had actually synergized Chinese and Mexican foods into unique new creations, such as crispy fried wontons filled with carne asada & queso fresco with a side of Sichuan peppercorn-spiced bean dip, steamed chipotle-lime crystal shrimp dumplings (har gow), or hoisin mole sauce-smothered enchiladas stuffed with shredded Hunan beef & roasted pasilla chiles and garnished with cebollitas & pomegranate seeds, well then, my friends...I would call this fusion!  As it is, the combination of Chinese and Mexican food, or at least their version of it, clashes.  If you crave heavily-Americanized Chinese food served with a lackluster attempt at Mexican food, then this is the destination for you!  Although their food is edible, the weak and unremarkable flavors here carry more weight towards my enjoyment of the meal than their intriguing idea of serving Chinese and Mexican dishes together.  I can otherwise find much better Mexican food down the road at one of those cheap fast-food burrito stands and better Chinese food at a shopping mall food court.
3	Very interesting concept!  You would never think Chinese and Mexican food don't go well together, but man... wait till you try sweet and sour chicken burrito... or  pork fried rice with re-fried beans.... it's legit!   The pork fried rice is also very addictive,  the food is actually not too oily... I was very afraid my food would tastes super oily and contains a ton of MSG.  This is a very unique experience, don't expect authentic Mexican or Chinese food... but definitely worth a try!  The pork jerk fried rice is my favorite!  it has a kick!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! We drove down from Northern California and had to try this place after seeing all the reviews on Yelp.We were obviously not familiar with the menu but the staff were helpful and nice. We were given a shmorgasboard of items to try.. All of their most popular items. WE loved it.. We ate in the dining room and had jerk chicken fried rice, pulled pork, some kind of chicken i cant remember the name of and a black beans. I have never had anything like this before and I am completely amazed by the flavor and spice... wow
5	Great food and really good service! You wouldn't think that mexican and chinese food would go together but it does!
5	FINALLY! I was able to have the Chino Bandido experience! I have been wanting to eat here for a while. I just happened to be in the area, so I had to stopped by this historic place!First, when you walk in, you have the wall!! All of the press clippings, picture of Guy, and awards! Basically just bragging about yourself! Hey! If you're good enough, then you can back it up! And Chino Bandido can back it up! After you read all of the bragging rights on the wall, you walk in to the order area with a deer in front of the headlights look! They already know, they will direct you to their tasting station. Give you samples of their food. After you got a taste of their menu, the planning begins! I ordered:Jerk rice, cuban black beans, Jen red pork, and chinese bbq pork. Now you have an option. You can have this Plain! Everything on the plate, or in a burrito, or in a quesadilla! I chose the quesadilla way. Now, i'm not going to lie! I had my thoughts about this! Fusing two kinds of food this way? And better yet, two of the most fattening foods? Before I get into details about their food, I wanted to say that their cuban black beans is the best! And I have had good black beans, heck my father in-law was from Cuba! My Jen Red Pork was in a quesadilla, and that was amazing. Then the mixture of the Jerk Fried rice, black beans, and the Chinese BBQ Pork! I did not expect this, this was one of the best place I have ever had! Boy am I glad I do not live near by! (I would be in a lot of trouble!) Their dining room is spacious, nothing special, but not needed. I had a great experience here. Not saying that everyone would like it. Remember, we all have a different taste. But looking at their reviews, it looks like they are doing really well.
5	I've been coming to Chino for YEARS!  I won't say how long cause it makes me feel old.  Tonight I brought in some first timers!  They loved it!  The service is always friendly, the price is amazing and the food is great.  I forgot to tell the newbies about the famous Volcano Cookies,... next time.  Just wished there was a Scottsdale location.
4	Dont be scared this place is awesome. The different flavors explode in your mouth. Id give 5 stars if they would make ordering easier!! It is very overwhelming and confusing unless your a regular. Free snickerdoodles with your meal :)
4	Had the combo #7 & #9 w/ white rice and black beans. Delicious! Spicy!! Mui Bueno!! Will totally go back from the west valley. Yeah buddy!
4	You pull up and find yourself parking in a strip mall.. you open the door expecting to be seated, but instead you are looking at a poster of Guy Fieri from DDD. You are then politely greeted and asked if this if your first time here. Then you're given samples different dishes... the jade red chicken is awesome.. free refills at the soda fountain... You wait for your food in anticipation in a simple open dining area. I sat at the table next to the Chino Bandito.. ariba! ariba!  The sugar cookie surprise topped off the very nice experience.I give this place a 3.8!
2	I so wanted to like this place, but I was not a FAN! I got the combo with BBQ pork and teriyaki chicken and chicken fried rice.  The BBQ pork was not GOOD at all, chewy and tough to eat.  The teryiyaki chicken was even worse, the sauce was a clump of jello like substance.  GROSS!  The fried rice was so soggy and the beans did not go with the rest of the food.  =(They have a friendly staff and hurdle customers in like cattle.
5	Freaking delicious. Try the jade red chicken in just about any combination!
5	I have been coming here for more than a decade. The experience is extremely casual (being across the street from a trailer park) and their food very tasty, if a little greasy. Don't plan to eat healthy here really, although their 9 and 13,  jerk and emerald chicken are not coated and are quite good. If you don't mind the slightly brusque service and take out atmosphere, and eating relatively unhealthy, if very very tasty food, then recommended.
5	Keeping up with my belief that the more sketchy a place is the better, Chino Bandido delivered. I had the sweet and sour chicken with fried rice and what was $6 of food tasted like $10+. The fried rice had a mushroom presence as well ^^I also appreciated the salsaIt appealed to my spicy side~Like Jeff said below the food is surprisingly not oily and msg-laden.Only in America would I find Tex-Mex and American Chinese food in such a happy marriage.(Beats Panda Express)
4	I was finally able to satisfy my drought for decent Mexican food when some friends took me here for dinner! Let me tell you there are Rey few Mexican food options in Honolulu and I was quite happy with this place. A bit chaotic up front, no one seems to know how to place an order. Way too many options and permutations on items to order! However, when the food finally comes (and it comes quick), its really awesome! I tried the combination dish with carne asana along with the pork fried rice. Awesome!
5	Love love love this place!!!!
3	I wanted to ADORE this place, but I don't.  Other than the black bean and jade chicken, it's just eh.I might go back if I'm dying for something different, but, it just wasn't all that.  A little greasy if anything.The cost is super low, so there's that.
4	this place is great... Rice bowl with red chicken and jerk rice... great combo... and the cookies are amazing...
5	I came back.It was so wonderful. again. Thank you Mexican/Chinese Panda mascot.
3	Alright, so the Jerk chicken sounds good, but it's bland.The white rice isn't cooked right, so it's going to be worth it to spend the extra seventy-five cents to get fried rice.The black beans are DAMN GOOD. I don't like beans in general, but these black beans have a super delicious flavor and I could eat them all day.If I liked orange chicken I would like the Jade chicken because the flavor is nice, but I just don't like that fried texture.Mmmmmm Mmmmmmm GOOD.OH and if it is your first time there, let them know and they will give you samples and explain how to order, etc.
3	3 stars. Food wasnt bad but it clearly didn't live up to the hype. Place was really dirty from floors to the tables but its not trying to be anything it isn't either. Staff was extremely friendly (may have influenced a few reviews). I had the jade chicken and the pollo diablo, both were average.
4	I have been going to Chino a few times a month for about a year. In that year, the place has gotten cleaner, and the food has gotten better. The staff is just as nice, and prices are still the same. Many of the 1 star reviews say that the place was a "shit hole" and dirty. This is true, it is a dive. And with dives you get a dirty shit hole. However, in the last year they have really turned around the cleanliness. So if you think it's dirty, then you would have been appalled last year.Their food is good. Good. Watch Guy during DDD. He isn't as ecstatic as he usually is. That's because the food is good. You can get good Mexican food anywhere, and great Mexican is easy to find. You can get good Chinese food anywhere, and great is easy to find as well. But you can't get good Chinese, Mexican, Cuban, Jamaican fusion anywhere.Seriously, the jerk fried rice here would put the cast of Cool Runnings into a nostalgic food coma. But sadly, even though the staff is excellent, the place is cleaner, and the fusion unique, the food is just, good. Some things can be bland (emerald chicken, white rice) and other things can be amazing (ruby chicken, black beans), but it's not all the best of its kind.To really get the most out of the place, you need to try a few different meals. Find your combo and make it as unique as you. This place, while not Gusteau's, but it has it's charm. It is worth trying a few times, even if your first experience was bad.On one last note, I am not saying anything about the menu other than get help from the great staff, it's freaking confusing at first.Eat on!
5	I can honestly say I have tried everything on their menu.I can honestly say that everything on their menu is awesome.Even the stuff I would no normally order again was pretty good.You cannot go wrong with the Jade and Jerk chicken.Love the Snickerdoodles too.The only thing that rubs me the wrong way is the ordering system...and that is all I am going to say about it...oh and maybe the long lines...because Chino's is so freaking good!
4	Modern styles intertwined into a combo of cuisine between two cultures. Do not miss out on the Bandido.
3	Way too much hype for me....my expectations were way higher than what I got.  Unique?  Yes.  For me?  not so much...
4	Crazy combos, but amazing food!
3	This place is very good.
4	I've been coming to Chino Bandido Takee-Outee, vaguely racist name and all, since high school. It's nice to know that some things never change. The Mexican-Carribbean-Chinese menu never changes, and neither does the flavor.If you're a newcomer let them know, they have samples. Get in line, fill out a form with what you want to eat, pay at the counter, and take a seat. My standard order is a jerk chicken/hengrenade chicken combo with jerk fried rice and black beans. Any of their entrees are available as burritos or quesadillas. Sadly, I can no longer get these because of the damned gluten thing, but you should try it. Their tortillas are fantastic.A combo with two entrees, beans, rice, a drink and one of their famous snickerdoodle cookies costs around $8. It really doesn't get better than this for that price. I had to knock them down a star because they don't have enough restrooms for the size of the space and because the last couple times I was there the food had cooled somewhat before it made it out to our table, but it's really good, even cooled down.
2	I just didn't get it.  The people/service are great.  Maybe I ordered the wrong menu items for my taste buds but I wasn't that impressed with the food.  And the pork had a bunch of fat.  I had the cookie for mid afternoon snack and it was really good.  They certainly have plenty of fans, there was 20-30 people in line at lunch the whole time I was there.
5	I was totally surprised by this place. It's in the middle of a run-down strip mall and it's not a whole lot to look at. I was in the area for lunch and my photographer suggested we go here. He said "you gotta try the Jade Red Chicken." I'm always up for something a little different. So when he said t's an Asian-Mexican fusion type of place, I was curious. Inside, the decor is very weird looking. But it's been my experience that places that aren't too fancy looking often have the best food. I go up to the counter and I was surprised they look you sample some of the dishes. I knew I was going to order the Jade Red Chicken, but I wanted to give it a whirl first. I was blown away! The jerk fried rice was also freaking good! To top it off, they give you a moist snicker doodle cookie?!I am totally going to go out of my way to come here again. The next thing I've been told I need to try is the Jade Red Chicken quesadilla.
4	This is one of my fave spots close to home. If you haven't been here before, their staff has samples of items on their menu for first timers. I always order a 2 item combo: Jen Red Pork & Chinese BBQ Pork with Pork Fried Rice. It's like heaven in my mouth. My girlfriend and I come here at least once a week. Also if you come here don't forget to make room for the cookie!
4	This is the most unexpected marriage of food.  I have to admit, it's kind of fun eating refried beans with chopsticks!
5	I had a great meal here. It was exactly as I expected. Hole in the wall good food. Those are my favorite places. It wasn't dirty but it wasn't spotless, it was hole in the wall clean. I loved how I got to sample everything. So many different tastes to try.  I loved the food. And I loved the cookie. My meal was perfect. I got the chicken that all the reviews rave about. It is like orange chicken with less sweet orange taste and more savory. Soo good. My husband enjoyed his chicken dish  with cilantro but he was wishing he had mine. I gave him a piece but that was all he was getting from me.  It was packed on a Sunday night with a diverse crowd with the desire for good food as the common ground. Highly recommend!
5	My arteries hate this place, but fortunately they don't get to make decisions.So many things to love:1) you can sample their signature dishes2) combo options- 2 item + side or 1 item + side3) Carnitas and jade red chicken4) COOKIES- the volcano, a chocolate fudge snickerdoodle5) kitschy interior with blatantly racist decor (a giant panda with a sombrero)6) no frills, hole-in-the-wall vibeIf the most delicious hole-in-the-wall taqueria and your favorite Chinese take-out spot had a baby, it would be a fat sombrero-wearing Panda named Chino Bandido.
4	The food here is very unique yummy fusion between Mexican & Chinese. Have to try it to believe it! very laid back & I got to have a glass of wine with my dinner. Im def a fan
5	I don't even remember who introduced me to Chino Bandido, but I owe them a debt of gratitude. For years it was like this secret club that if you were in the know, you were among a small group. I'm super happy that they have been getting a lot of press and TV coverage the last few years, but their popularity has become a double edged sword since even when I call 20 minutes ahead I wait 20 minutes after arriving. Worth the wait!The best advice I can give someone who has never been is to go with an open mind and don't be afraid to try everything at least once!
5	Seen on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. A fan after the first visit! You can sample some of their items, the staff is knowledgeable, and the food is super flavorful! Ended up ordering the 3 items hubby and I sampled: the carnitas, the jade red chicken, and the emerald chicken. The jerk chicken fried rice and beans were the perfect sides. Great prices, great food - can't wait to go back!
4	Unique little place. Not fusion, but more of a hybrid where Mexican complements Chinese food. Definitely work checking out for a cheap nosh.
4	Always good, and a great idea when you want something a little different.  Eating in is ok but the dining area is no frills, a little less than no frills.We have been several times now, mostly we get take out which is fairly quick and easy. Do this, Jen Red Chicken and Jade Red Pork with either chicken fried rice or pork fried rice and refried beans.  You'll love love love it.Two can dine with drinks for about $20....including a cookie.  Friendly staff always which we appreciate! :)
4	I have heard about this location many times in speaking with friends, but never had the chance to go. Happened to attend with buddies after finishing round of golf and Cave Creek.  Was surprised to find that is just up the street.  And now wish I had found this location before.When we walked in the door, we were lined up but a person who let us taste the different meats.  Enjoyed the Jerk Fried Rice and Jade Chicken. Only had the bowl. Will order in a burrito next time. I would never stop in this place given location and that it is a hole in the wall.  But having heard about and now having experienced, this could be a regular stop after golf on weekends. Cannot wait to try the location in Chandler.
5	I have been going to Chino's for 15+ years, I don't remember when I started there.  A good friend ran a paperback book store just south and Chino's was a regular stop for us for lunch or for dinner afterwards before spending an evening gaming or watching movies.  The 19th Ave location has expanded twice since I started going there.Chino's is an amazing place, and has been featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  The owners, Eve and Frank, are great people.  In fact, meeting Eve for the first time was an interesting experience: she started staring at me and asked "Do you have a brother named Rick?"  I replied yes.  "Did you go to Sunnyslope?"  I replied yes.  I didn't think I looked that much like my brother that she could identify me through him.  It was amusing, unfortunately it's been quite a while since I've seen her and Frank, I heard they're mainly working in the Chandler location.Chino's is restaurant with an interesting structure.  If you're new, walk up to the counter and tell them that you're a newbie and they'll give you samples of all of their meats.  You then choose to have your meat with a rice & beans bowl, or in a quesadilla or burrito, or you get a combo plate where you can get two meats, by themselves or in burritos or quesadillas with rice and beans.  The beans are refried or black, the rice can be white, fried, chicken fried, pork fried, or jerk fried.It's just great stuff.Myself, I prefer the jade red chicken and frequently get it in a burrito with black beans.  Eve was very skeptical every time I ordered my burrito, then one day she made one for himself and decided it as pretty good.One thing that's been cool is their weekends.  On week days, you get a snickerdoodle cookie for dessert, on the weekends they have specialty cookies like a lovey chocolate bomb called a volcano cookie.  They also do butterscotch cookies, and probably one or two that I can't name.  The weekends also have on offer black bean tostadas, which are awesome.  And you can buy the cookies by the dozen to take for later consumption.I wouldn't say that Chino's is infinite diversity in infinite combinations, but pretty darn close.  Well worth the time, but expect long waits if you go there at dinner time Friday or Saturday.  Lunches can also get slammed by engineers from Honeywell (or whatever they're called this week), your best chances for fast service is in off-peak hours.  They also are frequently closed on holidays, so plan accordingly.  It can also be quite noisy when it's full, so don't be surprised.
4	This place would be a hole in the wall if it wasn't for triple d advertising to the world. Love the emerald chicken and Chinese BBQ pork plus I prefer double pork or chicken fried rice.  You can get any meat in a burrito or as a quesadilla, this is awesome.  Never miss a chance to come here. Great food.
5	I crave the Green/Jade Marinade at least once a month! So far the best Triple DDD location I've been to.
4	We came here w/ some out of town friends who actually got a recommendation from their concierge to come here. Im so glad we did.Its kind of hidden in a tiny strip mall, you will most likely pass it at least once.Yes, this place was featured on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives. Yes, some people find their mascot "offensive". Yes, the food really is good.As a 1st timer there, we were treated to a mini tasting for some of their most popular choices: 2 rices, 2 beans, and 4 meats. I decided on the combination plate. I chose the emerald and jerk chicken w/ re-fried beans, and jerk fried rice. Both the chickens were moist and flavorful, and I loved the rice. And who doesnt love an end of meal cookie?The decor is....minimalist? Seat yourself at one of their many tables, in one of 2 rooms and enjoy your very unique meal!
1	I wouldn't have given it a star if that was an option.  Horrible food!  Jade Red Chicken had a good flavor, but it was extremly greasy and I'm not sure what part of the chiken they used.  Not a very clean looking place.  Will not be going there again.
1	It was just Nasty!!!If you have no tastes buds then you might like it.I'm new to Phoenix and took a friend there for a quick bite. He ordered the egg foo yong which was cold. Needless to say I was embarrassed for myself and for the restaurant.People say Oh they're great because they were on TV. Yeah Diners, Drive Ins and DIVES.
3	I have to amend my review.  Where the food is great, the service the last three times i have been has been pretty mediocre.  No one cares about the customer, lets just move as many people around as you can.  The lack of an adult at the counter contributes to the poor attitude with the employees.  No one over 23.  Not dissing on that age group, they just dont get real customer service.  I come here 2 times a week, but its time to find a new favorite restaurant, one that appreciates me as much as I appreciate the food there.  The combination of Chinese and Mexican food with Jamaican just works here.  Try the Chile Rellano, one of the best I have ever had.  I love coming here.  The Jerk Fried rice is out of this world and topped with their special hot sauce?  Words cannot describe.  I love this place.
4	Interesting mix of mexican and chinese,  one of the first places that I tried in AZ. Great service as well. Try to sample all their food before ordering.
4	Found this place doing my research on Yelp for a cool place to grab a meal.  If you're in the area - GO to this place!  The person helping us was exceptionally helpful.  I walked in, went up to the counter and said I had never been there and what do they recommend.  Jerk chicken and Red chicken were the choices, so I ordered both.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and spicy (Jerk chicken anyway).  The rice, beans, every thing was really good.  I will be back.Found this online about the place:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86kjMk63PLY
5	Ordering looks like a challenge at first bit it's not ! Highly recommend the JENRED pork it's like sweet and sour pork but with a spicy twist .. Portions are good and they serve your meal with a snickerdoodle or chocolate chip homemade cookie ! It's a hole in the wall with super awesome food!
4	What we really liked at this restaurant were their black beans and their snickerdoodle cookies.  Every combo plate comes with a cookie but my family got an extra dozen more.  The food in itself was ok but what made it great was the novelty. Where else can you have combination  plates with Chinese, Mexican and Jamaican food .  From Jerk fried rice to whatever quesedilla, burrito meat and cuisine of your choice; Jade red chicken, carnitas, machaca or teriyaki chicken no problem.  There are so many different combinations you can make your way!!!
4	Food is awesome. The menu is some what complicated when you are hungry. Overall good eating place. For me it was not a family restaurant.
4	Oh, Chino Bandido--I do love your irreverent takee-outee. I've sampled most of your dishes and now have my favorites. I fill out my slip with Diablo Chicken, Emerald Chicken, Jerk Fried Rice and Black Beans (extra Emerald sauce). As much as I love you, your entrees have slipped over the last couple years. The Diablo chicken has been a bit over-fried the last few times and lacking seasoning. The Emerald chicken (white meat, not fried) has been more than a tad dry. I still love you, but shape up, please. Jerk fried rice is consistent and, as always, yummy (especially with a little extra Emerald sauce mixed in!). The rock stars of the party are those mouthwatering black beans! I could stuff myself to the brim on those puppies. This DD&D joint isn't just a novelty. It is unique, delicious food in a crappy strip mall environment. No frills, but firefighters also love it (you know that's a good sign!). I'll also always love the complimentary snickerdoodle with every meal. I hope your entrees are just in a slump and will improve when the next cook takes over...
1	The restaurant's logo says it all: racist, stereotypical, and fails to represent the Chinese and Latino food cultures completely. I brought my best friend who was visiting for the holiday, to this restaurant, having seen the segment featured on DDD.We drove about a half hour to get to the restaurant so by the time we got there we were hungry! The ordering technique was unique and after someone explained it to us and let us sample the beans and meat varieties, we grew excited to eat the food that seemed so delicious. But then the food came...First off, I ordered the chili relleno, plain fried rice, and egg foo yun.My friend ordered a carnitas burrito, chicken fried rice, and the quesadilla with the pollo diablo. The chile relleno I received was basically a skinny tasteless chile with gobs of cheddar cheese inside of a large battered shell. And it looked like a big fried snake. To me, cheese is cheating. When you throw cheese on food, of course it's going to taste good but cheese can only go so far. I didn't pay to eat fried, greasy, batter. I paid to eat a hot chile with cheese stuffed inside an egg coating. And the Egg Foo Yun? Um...basically bean sprouts with green onion and egg filtered throughout like a bean sprout scramble. Plain fried rice was bland and almost tasteless. The best part of the dish was the refried black beans. My friend enjoyed her burrito with carnitas the most along with the beans but mentioned that Cuban beans are normally not sweet the way they were made in this restaurant. "Cuban beans" ha! I guess if you've never really had Cuban food you would never know the difference and think this was the best combination of Chinese and Latino food you've ever tasted. But anyway, this food was not at all what I expected. I don't know what's wrong with Guy Fieri for praising this restaurant. I guess any restaurant could write to the Food Network to get on DDD and they would run it. Do people not have taste buds or a palette that is able to distinguish shit from dirt?I get it, you're hungry. But damn. I wasn't that hungry. I was very tempted to return the food and say, you know? I just can't do it. But we drove for thirty minutes to get there, and my friend was visiting and we had talked about going to this place for a day and a half, so we had to do it. We had to at least eat the food. But man, I just don't get why people could rave about food that's tasteless, greasy, and unauthentic. Sorry, Chino Bandido. Your food is nasty. But your cookie was okay.
4	Chino Bandido's is a classic.. I always get the number jade red chicken and diablo chicken with jerk fried rice and back beans.. love the heat!.. and wash it all down with the free snickerdoodle cookie!
2	Asian-Mexican Fusion. Saw this on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives and decided to be adventurous. They give you samples of rice, beans, and pork which was nice so you weren't ordering blindly. Trying to order was a bit confusing because of the system they use. The fusion of the foods just doesn't work. It's like putting Panda Express sweet and sour chicken inside a Taco Bell quesadilla. I wasn't a fan. They do give you a snicker doodle cookie with your order which was the best part of the meal.
4	I am the Chino Bandido and I'm here to say.......Good friends took me here for the first time. They are a Phoenix institution if you grew up in the area. I can understand how they aren't for everyone, but they are for me. I'm there at least a few times a year.The menu is something you have to get used to. Best idea is grab it an go right to the counter. No written word can aptly explain how to navigate the order sheet. The employees however can get you in the right direction quickly.LOVE THE COOKIES! Snickerdoodle for sure is the best IMHO.Long story short....something different than you have ever had, or will ever have again.....unless you go back. :)
4	I love this place. Food is great. Not a fancy restaurant. But the food they serve is awesome...
2	ALLLLLLLLLLLLL HYPE!!!!!!!Decent mexican, decent chinese, decent.  Thats it.  The ordering process is facking ridiculous.  All those people fawking over the jade red chicken are out of their minds.  The jade red chicken tastes like ketchup and hot sauce.  Thats the sauce.  Avoid the hype.  It is not cool to eat here no matter how bad you want it to be.  save your money, any Bertos or half bit chinese will do.  make your own fusion.
5	This is one of the best places I've ever been to the food is always delicious very flavorful and they give you a cookie! I always get a jade chicken quesadilla it's yummy!
5	The best of both world combine into one dish Chinese/Mexican
4	If that emerald chicken wasn't the best thing ever!!! They could use some egg rolls or crab rangoon though.
5	I stumbled across this place as I was making a road trip from California to Texas. What a great find!! First look into the place, I was a little confused about what kind of food they served and what to order. I was kindly greeted by one of the cashiers and asked if I would like to try a sample of some of their items. Ended up ordering the Chinese Bar-b-q Pork and the Jade Red Chicken.The Jade Red Chicken was amazing. For those who think that panda express's orange chicken is pretty good, this had the same kind of texture, but bumped it up a notch with their Jade Red sauce. The Chinese Bar-b-q Pork was average.Plus, Guy Fieri has been and recommends this spot!
3	Nice place to eat. Good Food and service.  My only concern is the inside looks very old. It should be remodeled with better tables and chairs.
5	My girlfriend was in Arizona for a business trip and she brought back a plate of the ginger chicken, jerk fried rice, and the cuban black beans. Let's just say I licked the tin plate clean. I will do well to visit this place the next time I visit Arizona. Must try! 5/5 Stars.
3	Not exactly the nicest place in town, but its cheap, interesting, really good food.  The atmosphere is very casual and low key, and they let you sample all their meats & rice up front which I thought that was way cool. The beans are delicious, and so are those big snicker-doodle cookies that come withe the meals.  Thank you Triple D for introducing me to yet another local grub spot.
5	Such a fun food fusion. I've never had this food combo before and didn't know what to expect. But needless to say, my mouth was left with surprises. You won't be disappointed!The decor is simple, but there is no need to fluff up the dining area when the food is focus.I gladly drive the 20 minutes to eat here.
4	If you had told me before that I would enjoy a mix between Panda Express and your local Mexican joint, I'd a laughed. But between the Jade-red chicken, jerk fried rice, refried beans and snicker-doodle cookie, I couldn't imagine a better lunch. The food settled well, and I'll be back again soon! The staff was enthusiastic to help me when they heard it was my first time there, too.What's even better than the food was the fact that I looked around and saw business men in suits and ties in a part of town that was beyond sketchy. They're definitely doing things the right way, and attracting people from all over the valley.
4	Jade red is the best!  Snickerdoodles are awesome - only reason it gets a 4 star is because of the potential for your food to fight back later.  Overall a great hole in the wall place that is a solid lunch choice
5	Any time I head out of state and come back to my home in AZ, I always make a trip to Chino Bandidos to get my fix. I probably eat here two or three times a week when I'm able to settle.I just about always get the Jade Red Chicken in a Burrito and then either Machata, Carnitas or Emerald Chicken in a Quesadilla. Their Black Beans + Jerk Fried Rice as the side choices is to die for, especially mixed together. This isn't to say that any of the selections aren't excellent; I've tried just about everything and there was nothing I didn't like. A million times better than Panda Express.Ordering is confusing for newbies but once you get the hang of it, you'll prefer it to any other form of ordering because it actually speeds things up if the customers know what they're doing. And for the customers that are confused, if they just walk up to the counter with a confused look, there's always an employee that will move to the side, explain the ordering, and give samples of the most popular items.All hail Chinos! Here's hoping they franchise and/or continue to expand. I seriously think if the owners took a plunge or accepted investment opportunity, this could be a successful national chain. Especially if the investors provided some advice on improving the ordering and aesthetic of the restaurants, which is just about the only downside (and only a surface one). Some people might take the pseudo-Asian/Mexican promotionals / decorations / poetry as a little less than politically correct; it doesn't bug me but I can see how it might bug others.
5	I've been going to Chino Bandidos since the 90s when I lived in Phoenix as a wee little child. After moving away, I relished the rare chance of visiting and eating their delicious food and walking away with a snicker doodle cookie to wash it all down. They have too many good choices of food, though I generally get a jerk-chicken quesadilla and trade between the gringo chicken in a burrito, or the emerald chicken, or the jade red chicken. The jerk fried rice is phenomenal. Their black beans have a twist to them. Spend $10 on a meal and you've got more flavor than most Mexican food and Chinese food can match. Highly recommended. I always send friends here and they are never disappointed either.
5	How have I never been here before? Looks can be deceiving with this strip mall dive-looking place that has a cafeteria feel.  When one of the staff noticed me staring at the menu, he offered me samples of the most popular dishes and I was grateful. I ended up ordering the jade chicken quesadilla style and the emerald chicken. The food was fresh and fantastic! The emerald chicken sauce had a great flavor that made me want to keep eating it and the quesadilla with the tangy, sweet and spicy jade chicken was mouth watering. The free volcano brownie topped with powdered sugar was a perfect ending! Everyone should try Chino Bandido!
4	Tonight was my first time at Chino Bandido.  I did some research and ordered the Jade Red chicken, Emerald chicken, jerk fried rice, and black beans.  The Jade Red was great - crispy, spicy, and a little sweet.  I wouldn't get the emerald chicken again - the only thing giving it flavor were the green onions.  The jerk fried rice was great!  And so were the black beans.  The combo of chinese entrees with latino sides didn't feel weird to me at all.  I'll be coming here again :)
5	I love Chino's. You need to test a few things out, but once you find your combination you'll be hooked. My combination is the hengernage quesadilla and jerk fried rice. Delicious!
3	Self described hole in the wall.  Order at counter, seat yourself, food delivered to your table.Average Food Cost/person:$8Recommend:  Free SnickerdoodleJerk ChickenJerk Fried RiceSalsasSkip:  Chile Relleno - more like tempura batterWhite RiceTips:  1.  Majority of the dishes are fried. Their most popular dish Jade Chicken is essentially sweet and sour with a spicy kick. My Pollo Diablo was extremely oily. 2.  Ordering process a little confusing.  To the left is the line to sample 6 items before you commit to something. It is separate from the order line to your right. 3.  They give you a free cookie when they deliver the food.
5	Just ate there for the first time and absolutely loved it. We were allowed to sample a few items before we purchased, something I wish more restaurants would do. I ended up getting the jerk fried rice, red chicken chicken and pulled pork. The rice was very flavorful with a little kick. The chicken was great too ( I can see why it's their best seller). I also had refried black beans for the first time too. The only thing I dont like about this place is that it's too far of a drive for me to become a regular.
4	After walking in and stopping to look at at the menu we were asked if it was our first time there.  It was, and we were offered several samples of their top sellers.  Because my gf and I like spicy she brought us some samples of the Diablo Pollo from the kitchen.  Everything we tried was good.  I got the Emerald chicken in a quesadilla and the jade red chick outside, jerk fried rice, and the black beans.    The Emerald chicken quesadilla was a great recommendation. The green onions make the flavor pop.  2 stars for the great and friendly service.  The chance to try the different dishes before ordering was great and the staff members seemed super nice.  1 stars for the taste of the food.  It met my expectations1 star for the price.  It seemed a little pricey for what it is.  The servings seem small for the price, but still was a sufficient serving for me.  Definitely worth trying if you have not.
4	BF and I walked into the store looking confused and were immediately greeted and asked if it was our first time there. We were then offered at least 6-7 different samples of the most popular things on the menu. After she saw that we loved all the spicy things she went to the back and grabbed us an additional sample of the pollo diablo.I got the combo with a jerk chicken quesadilla, pollo diablo, black beans, and white rice. The BF got the emerald chicken quesadilla, jade red chicken, jerk fried rice, and black beans. We took a seat and got comfortable and was pleasantly surprised when our food came out within 5 minutes. First thing I noticed was how greasy everything was. My quesadilla was dripping oil. My jerk chicken quesadilla was ok, the seasoning on the chicken was lost and it just tasted like a regular quesadilla. My BFs emerald chicken quesadilla was SO good though (even with the dripping grease) the green onion and ginger made it very refreshing. I loved the slight sweetness of the black beans and the seasoning on my diablo chicken.Portions were just ok for the price we paid $17 for the two combos. I'm saying this because my bf finished his portion without any problems and I purposefully saved some for breakfast the next day. We can normally share a meal from panda. P.S. Everything was even better the next day!
5	I think I just died and went to Chinese food heaven...or maybe it's Mexican food heaven...nope, it's snicker doodle cookie heaven. Not one complaint about Chino Bandido, great service and amazing food. The chile rellano is like nothing I've eaten before, whatever the coating they use, I want to bathe in it. I'm really not one for fried or extra cheese, but that is exactly what it is and I would eat it again and again and probably again. The only difficulty here: getting up to leave, now that is one full stomach.
4	Chino Bandido's website says it serves food that is a blend of Mexican and Asian cooking style. But then what on earth is Jerk Chicken and Jerk Fried rice doing on the menu? Isn't Jerk a cooking style related to something Jamaican? I don't know and I'm not sure. But one thing I can be sure about is whatever your doubts are about CB's cooking style, they will all be laid to rest when you're done eating your Jerk Chicken with Jerk Fried rice and refried Cuban Black Beans served on the side. I've tried a couple other items on the menu and I especially recommend Pollo Diablo if you're looking for something spicy. Oh! And don't forget to eat that Snicker Doodle cookie; it is so delicious.
5	chines fried rice and mexican beans.. chinese style orange chicken and quesadilla.. what a brilliant idea of fusion! The emerald chicken and jade red chicken quesadilla along with the beans and rice makes me want to head out and take a trip east to arizona. This place is sooooo good and js amazing!
5	This place is an Arizona treasure.  I have been going there for 15 years now and it's always consistently good.  I recommend the 7Q & 9Q with black beans and jerk fried rice.  The included Snicker Doodle cookie makes it a complete meal.
5	BOMB!!!! Just BOMB! Jerked fried rice and jade red chicken!!!!! And I'm a happy camper!
3	Affordable & good in taste.Didn't like that the cookies had sugar sprayed all across that kind of killed them for me.
4	This is food that you will never know you wanted before you try it, but you will crave it forever after. The black beans and the jerk fried rice are great compliments to the entrees, all of which that I have tried have been delicious. This is no fancy place, and the decor leaves much to be desired, but there's a reason it's always packed at lunch time. Try the pollo diablo, or the jade red chicken, or even the chile relleno.
3	Food is amazing They need a new location in a better area and cleaner place
4	I was in Arizona last week for business & wanted to go here because I saw them on TV. As soon as I walked in they let me try samples & explained how everything works. Food was ok however, The four stars are for the service & staff! I will be back to try new things! Get the cookies!PS. The place was dirty
4	I am all about my food being flavorful and plentiful, this place did not disappoint!Every single bite was flavor party in my mouth. Jamaican, Chinese and Mexican food fused together with just the right amount of spice, how amazing!If you are in within a 30 minute drive this place is a must!
3	Some of the dishes are good but others are better.  This place needs a remodel and more organization.  They have a strange way of ordering your food.  I won't  be back! I have had much better!
4	So good! I think you pretty much win with whatever you get at Chino. I love the Jade Red Chicken, Emerald Chicken, Jerk Chicken...the list goes on and on! The black refried beans are great too. I'm sort of a white rice fan, but I've heard the fried rice varieties are all yummy. I love that every meal comes with a snickerdoodle cookie. They are so good! The best part about Chino's is the mixture of flavors you get and the fact that they offer samples. Their ordering system can be a little complicated, but the staff is very helpful!
5	Saw this places on Food Network's Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives.  Man, this place was WAY WAY better than it was on TV.  Chino Bandido is a fusion of Mexican, Chinese, and Jamaican food.  I had the Emerald & Jade Red Chicken with Jamaican jerk fried rice.  Also a order of chicken quesadillas. I can not say the last time I was so satisfied with a meal.  The Emerald Chicken is by one of the best things I ever had.  And the Jerk fried rice was different, but very good.The service was great.  We told the cashier that it was our first time here and that we saw it from Triple D.  He was more then helpful with suggestions, giving us samples to try.  We came in for lunch and the place was pretty busy, so when the server brought out our order, she threw in a couple of snicker-doodle cookies for our wait.  We was so impressed because our order only took 10-12 mins to come out.  I like that they make costumer service. Another thing this place has going for it is the price.  Very low, which made this place a huge value for what your getting.  The Staff are all very friendly and everyone seem to get along great together.  All eager to make you feel welcomed.  The restaurant doesn't look very big outside but on the inside its very spacious.  It has the cashier on the right and a huge cafeteria area on the right.  Very clean.  Its located in a shopping center next to other eatery, so parking is not a issue.I love this place.  It has amazing value!  The food taste great.  Thank you Triple D, I will be back!
1	I really don't get the hype. Maybe it was the first visit, maybe it was because I didn't know what to get on the menu, or maybe it was because it just wasn't good. It started out with my friends all wanting to go there for a half day after school. They all had a tradition of going to eat there, and claimed that since I had never been, I HAD to try it because of how good it was. My friend warned me on the way there that the ordering system was weird, and yeah he was right. You write your order on a piece of paper, but you don't really get a description of what exactly you're eating. Half of the items are shortened, some even acronyms, so it took me a couple minutes to figure out what exactly I was trying to read, let alone order. The help behind the counter reminded me of a teenager who doesn't want to be at work, except it was an older guy, but with the same attitude. With the help of my friends I finally got my order filled out and paid for the food. I ignored the attitude behind the counter, got my drink, and followed my friends to find seats. Now the place looked absolutely filthy, and having worked in the fast food business and restaurant business, I was quite shocked they allowed it to be this dirty. Oh well. My friends never claimed to come for the atmosphere, and maybe I was being a little critical. The waiter comes in and yells my name, and I get my food. I start eating and it was okay. Nothing great. Then my friends start to say "let's read the health code violations again." Yeah, well it looks like chino has quite the wrap sheet. Everything from uncooked food, to people not washing their hands while handling food, to only accommodating a men's restroom, not women, and even pests that hadn't been exterminated from the premises properly. Seriously, look for yourself. Just google chino bandidos health code violations. Overall, I can see why it's cool to some, but everything from the okay food to the dirty building, the horrible health code violations, and even the racist image on the top of the building rubbed me the wrong way.
5	Been coming here for 13+ years when I'm in this part of town. This is my favorite location. It's a must try for anyone that care less about the atmosphere and more about finding a hidden treasure. The Jerk Chicken quesadilla is my favorite but I have tried almost everything here and it's excellent.  I could go on and on...but to keep it simple, JUST TRY IT!
4	Excellent food,  fast service and a Snickerdoodle cookie to end the meal - whats not to love ? The Jade Red Chicken is awesome!  Just feel good food at good prices. Simple and unpretentious,  come prepared.
4	Chinese Mexican Fusion? Sounds strange but oddly alluring. It kinda works. I walked away very satisfied and plan on going back. The line was long, and the dining area was kind of dingey, but the food was really good, so I will probably just do takeout next time. I get the hype.
5	Chino Bandido is one of my favorite restaurants.  The food is as bizarre as it is delicious.  And, they'll let you try before you buy!Half the time, the place is packed, but don't fear the long line or the daunting task of filling out your order.  You'll be at the counter quickly, and if you have no idea what to do with that piece of paper, just take it up there blank.  They'll figure it out for you.Great place.
5	Saw this place on the DDD tv show and had to travel to Phoenix on business so we decide to try this unusual combo of  Mexican, Chinese and Jamaican cuisine. We totally loved Chino Bandito,! Jade red chicken, pork fried rice and egg fu young in my combo bowl. My husband had black beans, jerk chicken, jade red chicken quesadilla  and jerk fried rice. All yummy. The bonus is the bill came to $18 for the two of us with 2 sodas and two cookies! The cookies were delicious too, can't wait to go back
5	I drive 385 miles to eat here 4 times a year. Wish I lived next door. Enough food for 3 meals. Prices and quality can't be beat.
5	I saw this place on the food network channel, so while on vacation in Phoenix we stopped here. The food was really good. I absolutely loved their ginger chicken and jade red chicken. I wish this place was in oklahoma.
5	This place is freaking brilliant!  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!   It's a must stop whenever I'm in the Phoenix area.  The homemade tortillas are a must - get a combo and get at least one thing as a burrito.  My go to is the egg foo young burrito, pollo diablo burrito, jerk fried rice and black beans. Sometimes I'll switch it up with the jade red chicken too.The snickerdoodles are fantastic as well.  Staff are super friendly and everyone in there will help you with ordering if you don't know what you're doing.
1	this  place is heinous.  the staff are nice but the food is revolting.  avoid at all costs.
1	If I was stoned out of my mind! This place would be the bomb!!  But I was not. So it wasn't. Just a complete disappointment!!! Clean the place up too! I feel like I need a tetanus shot after leaving this place. Gross!!!
3	It was okay. I liked the emerald chicken with the ginger sauce very fresh. The red jade pork has given me heart burn and too much spice in the jerk rice to enjoy. Willing to go back and try something else if I'm in the area.
4	I liked that you can sample various items before ordering.  Loved the dish I ordered, but now have to go back again to order the rest!
3	I really wanted to love this place but wasn't impressive at all. The ordering process is a little bit confusing, but the people there are super kind and helpful. Extra star for that.Besides that, the food is nothing to die for. It worth the stop if you're in the area but definitely wouldn't drive more than 5 miles just to eat there.Cheers.PS Prices are fair.
4	This place is a great value!  The food is tasty and the service is awesome.  Portion size is very generous.  My only gripe is that the dining room is less clean than I would like.  If it were cleaner I'd give this place 5 stars.  Great place for lunch or a quick dinner.
4	If you Haven't been here, go ASAP. it's a Phoenix staple.I have been eating here since High School !!! Great local owners and they now have a 2nd Scottsdale location. YAY.They have a tasting station at the front, so first timers can figure out what they like before committing to something.  Face it there is nothing like it anyplace. Chinese food fused with Mexican food, has proved to be a match in business and in love.The Phoenix location has had pics of "chino Kids" for as long as I can remember and  the pics go back a long way so its a neat retrospective. Love it when somebody in their 20's+ says "hey that's me " and points at some kid on the wall.  Go for the Jade red chicken , you can have it breaded or not. I have mine on salad in place of rice.  The jerk chicken and rice is another don't miss item. You can have anything put on a quesadilla if you would rather have portable food , just ASK ! An Awesome Phoenix and now Scottsdale institution
4	my buddy introduced  my fiancee and me to two combination dishes. I had  the Caribbean beans w  cheese,  Diablo chicken rice(med spice), & jade chicken burrito. my  girl got the same but w  jerk  chicken instead of Diablo chicken.  we also tried the fresh snicker doodle cookies. keep  in mind,  my girl is picky in everything she eats.  never wants to try new things but she enjoyed eating this place  for our first time.  everything we ate  we enjoyed.  we will eat this again.
3	After hearing about Chino Bandido for awhile now I decided to go there the other evening. I didn't really know what to expect other than hear people constantly talk about it. When I arrived I had a wonderful woman give me samples of everything on the menu which was a huge bonus because I really had no idea what I wanted. The food was pretty good and if I lived closer I'm sure I would visit again but I can't say that it was worth the drive to go get it. My attitude is if I'm in the area I would go again but it certainly for me is a been there done that.
4	We found this place through Food Networks Diners, Drive-In and Dives. We really enjoyed it. The service was fast and friendly during a lunch time crowd. We had Jade Chicken and the Jerk Chicken. The Jerk Chicken was ok but better suited for someone who really likes a strong Jerk seasoning. The Jade Chicken was listed as the Favorite and we agree. The Jade chicken had a great combination of spicy and sweet flavors. The portions were excellent. This place could make a 5 star rating if they could keep the tables clean a little better, fresh coat of paint on the walls and nicer tables. However all of this stuff added to the "dive" feeling. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone!
2	We both love Mexican food just as much as Chinese food, so this spot has been on our radar for a long time.  We drove 30+ minutes to get there, and we were heartbroken it did not live up to the expectation :(  We really wanted to love this local favorite.  For a first-timer, the ordering sheet was pretty confusing, and most of the people were helpful in exception of one guy who was annoyed we were taking so long trying to figure out the rice bowl combination.I ordered the Emerald Chicken + Carnitas Rice Bowl with Jerk Fried Rice + Black Beansl.  The Emerald Chicken reminded me of a twist in Hainan Chicken: refreshingly light.  The Carnita was so dry, I had to put extra salsa to moisten the pork. Jerk Fried Chicken was sadly average with the highlight being the black beans with its sweet and creamy flavor blew my mind!  The food was served room temperature borderline cold with the exception of the black beans.  My friend ordered the Emerald Chicken + Jerk Chicken with Plain Fried Rice + Black Beans.  We both agreed on the identical protein + side dish. The Jerk Chicken had no kick or "Island flavor"!We hope our visit was just a anomaly.  Because of our love for both cuisines, we would give it another attemp but probably only if we are in the area.
5	Chinese Mexican? Really? My coworkers took me here and boy was I glad they did.I love that they let you sample stuff before ordering. Smart move!My first trip I got the jade chicken with the carnitas in a quesadilla. Comes with rice, beans and a snickerdoodle. For a great price, you can buy a meal big enough for 2.That red chicken...THAT CHICKEN! It is perfectly glazed, with enough crisp on the outside and bursting with flavor. The carnitas broke my mouth it was so good. And that snickerdoodle! It was so good, we bought a bakers dozen. My second trip I tried the emerald chicken. I normally hate cold ginger chicken. It's all in that sauce and they perfected that recipe.I love that they serve their meals in a foil take out pan. If you can't finish it, you grab a lid and go. Nice.If only they could open one in Hawaii....
2	Way over hyped!  Food was eh and service was mediocre.  Was hoping for something so much better after seeing them on TV.  Boo!
5	I loveeee this place my go to here is the 7/11 with white rice and black beans extra teriyaki sauce. nom nom nom.... their cookies are to die for... I buy an extra one... and on fri/sat they have different kinds of cookies.
4	Ok, it's been way too long since I've update my last review... But I've been back a couple of times now over the past couple of months and here is my take;Food~  yes it's still a "gut bomb" but not a "total gut bomb" if you order the right things and besides everything here is very tasty and addictive!!  I suggest getting the veggie quesadilla, Polo Diablo or Jade Chicken with the Jerk Fried Rice and skip the beans.  This is a very tasty dish and you'll take me later for ordering without the beans :-)If you have been to Chino Bandido, you're in for a wild ride with some tasty Mexican-Asian Fusion dishes!!  Save room for their snickerdoodle cookie or if you wait and go on the weekend you might get lucky and get a Lava Cookie!! NOM, NOM, NOM!!I'm looking forward to seeing you there!!
5	I still can't believe how much I enjoyed my meal here. I was a little hesitant to try such a unique concept, but after 5 minutes of entering Chino and being offered a variety of samples, I completely fell in love.  The server was so helpful and friendly, offering a sample of almost everything on the menu.  It is definitely like the Panda Express of Mexican food, but 100x better. I ordered the combo with fried rice, black beans, jade chicken and pork carnitas.  Every single bite was delicious and flavorful.  Definitely a must eat when I go back to PHX. Oh yeah, the snicker doodle cookies they give you free are chewy gooey goodness.
3	I forgot about this place for a long time because I was buying my quick Asian food elsewhere but elsewhere closed and after paying for a sit down dinner at a Asian restaurant plus tip recently - I decided it was time to return to Chino.  I ordered the pork fried rice and egg fu yung bowl.  Old school chinese with vegies.  My biggest complaint about fast Asian food and buffets are that they are all about bland meat with very little vegies but Chino did not disappoint me and they were super fast.  I will be returning to work my way through the menu.
2	What is the BIG DEAL about this place??  Seriously.
5	I sincerely love this place.My friend Brian recommended we meet up here once when we were both in town. Needless to say, it was a great recommendation!Although the location is unassuming and rather inconspicuous, don't let the strip mall scare you away. The wonderfully friendly staff and the wide variety of options will make everyone happy, even the vegetarians!However, you shouldn't come here *just* for the vegetarian options (which I will try eventually, just to see how good they are). This place is excellent for spicy and sweet selections of beef, pork, and chicken, all of which you can sample before you dive in.I highly recommend getting a combo. You can choose two items, preferred style of rice, and preferred style of beans. The items can either be presented alone or in a burrito or quesadilla. I usually get a quesadilla as one of my items, the pork fried rice, and black beans. It's hard to go wrong with the combo, seriously!My favorite meat selections are the Chinese BBQ Pork and the machaca. Lately I've been trying other things, but nothing has let me down so far. The free cookie is also a big bonus. Love their snickerdoodles! I'm not huge on cookies, but these ones are so soft and so delicious that they are entirely worth getting a half-dozen (or dozen!) to bring home. I never seem to finish my combo, as good as it is. It can be a good light lunch for two or just make for excellent leftovers later. Also: try going on the weekends sometime - they make different kinds of cookies and also offer a tostada on Sundays and Saturdays!All in all, I really wish I had this place in San Diego. It'd be a hit, too. But I tend to visit every time I am in Arizona to see my parents, so perhaps that's what keeps it such a great place to return to again and again. Distance makes the heart grow fonder, no?
5	Have been coming here for years. Food is amazing! Be sure to ask for samples before ordering, and prepare to be adventuresome!
4	I have been a fan of Chino for a few years now, right before they hit the popularity of DDD.  If you are looking for a total DDD experience in the Phoenix area, this is the place.  The food is absolutely incredible and the flavors it offers is something totally unique to this establishment that infused Caribbean, Mexican and Chinese flavors into some tasty dishes. There is a warning, this is not a place for the pretentious or anyone wanting a fine dining experience, this is DDD and if you stay to eat it will be off of cheap folding tables and inexpensive chairs.  At Chino, it is all about the food.  One concern is that I have seen a bit of a decline in the quality and portions of the food over the past two years.  Quite frankly I would pay more to ensure that both quality and portions return to what I experienced before this place became popular.
4	Another triple D place. Very unique and pretty good. They let you sample everything before you order. Food is hot and service is quick. Lots of people in line. You need to at least give it a try.
4	Strange, yet amazing combination of Chinese and Mexican. Cheap and good, but maybe not so healthy.
2	Ya not so good. The concept is very creative...asian/Mexican fusion but the flavors were a little awkward. The meats were dry and the food proportions were a little on the light side.
3	The food was tasty.   Its a fusion of mexican, Asian, and Jamaican.   The restaurant decor isn't that great but the price is right for all the food you get.  I think the system for odering could be improved.   By some type of number system.   Yelling your name out loud in a group of people is ghetto.  I really don't  want strangers knowing my name.
2	Order: jade red chicken, chile relleno, jerk fried rice and black beans = $8Looked good in pics but not tasty. The only item that was hot off the grill was the chile relleno. Chile relleno crust was too thick (took it off) and just ate the small chile stuffed with cheese in the middle. Rice and red chicken was dry, tasted like been sitting out for awhile wasn't even warm.Not sure if the quality has gone down since food network gave it all the hype...but as a first timer I don't plan on coming back, nothing stood out. I would rather eat Panda Express and Taco Bell together
5	This is one of my all time favorite places......of all time.  I absolutely adore the concept of creative fusion cuisine.  Chinese-Mexican...SAY WHAAA??  This is what America is all about.  This is why we fight terrorism.  ;-)Now they have this ridiculous byzantine menu and ordering process, which was designed by some sorta IRS bureaucrat...and they refuse to change it!! DO NOT LET THIS STOP YOU.  You can get through it and you must, because waiting for you on the other side is fantastic food.  It is best to go with a friend and have them help you order, but if you can't here is my tip.  Find the section that says "Combinations." Then select two of the following (at the top).  "Chinese BBQ Pork" and "Jerk Chicken."  And yes rice and beans.  Now GO!
2	I was very unimpressed with this place. Food blah and atmosphere felt like I was in the cafeteria back in school. The only food that was good we're the sides. I enjoyed the jerk fried rice, black beans and the free snickerdoodle cookie was yummy. I ordered the combination of Diablo chicken- gross and jerk chicken- also gross. It's flavorless grilled chicken with some toppings(seasoning) thrown on right before they bring it out. This was my first time here and I see no reason to give it a second chance. I was disappointed because my mom and brother rave about this place. Don't think I'll be following any more suggestions from them.
4	What a surprise of food and flavor. I got the jade red chicken along with diablo chicken along with pork rice while my wife got a pork quesadilla with rice and beans. The beans and rice were fabulous. I just had visions of floating the salt river all morning, then returning home tired, burned, and buzzed looking to kill any food in my sights.  Turns out all these years of running home and eating Ramiro's or Chinese was a waste. I could have had both and died happy. All capped off by a wonderful snicker doodle and the bill for 18 bucks!!!!!  I'm a happy customer who will return.
5	Jerk chicken quesadilla WITH emerald sauce!!!! Amazing! !! My new favorite.  The black beans are to for, and then the jerk fried rice. Mmmmmmmmm
3	This is one if my favorite places to eat. The perfect "hole in the wall", so if your expecting fancy, this place us not for you, but the food is fantastic. Love the Jerk Chicken and Jerk Rice. Very spicy!  Jade Chicken is the bomb. Love how you can make your own combo. They also make really tasty refried beans. Never had a bad dish and I have been a patron for loooong time. They have scrumptious cookies too!
5	Reading some of the reviews here....nodding my head and going "AWWW YEAHHH!" when I see 4 and 5 star reviews....just shaking my head, confused, and kinda angry at some of of the 1-3 star ones....like, what's wrong with your taste buds, people? Best place in Phoenix to eat casually. Hands down.My current order I'm obsessed with: Jade Red Chicken (which is like the Orange Chicken at Panda, as in you need to have this in EVERY combo plate you eat here, it's a prerequisite), a Jerk Chicken burrito with cheese and sour cream added, Pork fried rice, and black beans. (Always- ALWAYS get the black beans....like protein chocolate pudding).Also- their snickerdoodle, when fresh, is the BEST COOKIE IN THE WORLD.Haven't been to the one in Chandler, reading the Yelp reviews, I get the vibe it's not as good as the Phoenix one...but even if it's only HALF as good, it'll still be amazing.If you're not making at least a monthly voyage here, no matter where you may live in the valley, what are you doing with your life?
4	Chino has lost one star in my book, don't get me wrong it's still the best Phoenix has to offer, and my favorite place...but the portion sizes are becoming less and less satisfying for the price. I'm not sure why they've gone this route, but surely a divey place can't risk their patrons feeling slighted on quality or quantity. Come on chino! Start filling those tins of deliciousness to the brim again!
4	Sometimes the Triple D (Diners, Drive ins, and Dives) will lead you astray.  Many times the taste of the food, doesn't live up to how wonderful it looks.  However I'm happy to report that Chino Bandido is as advertised.  The Asian/ Mexican fusion concept has been in full effect in Southern California for a while, so that alone wasn't going to win me over.What did win me over right away was how happy they were let us try several things when they saw us staring at their menu.  I had a good idea what I was getting before hand, but next thing I know I was being handed little tasting cups of their jade red chicken, jerk chicken, carnitas, and who knows what else.  The well priced combination bowls are the way to go here so you can try many things.  No extra charge to turn something into a quesadilla or burrito if you want.  A combination gets you 2 main dishes, rice, and beans, so a couple of those and my wife and I got to sample several things.We went with the jade red chicken quesadilla, jerk chicken, emerald chicken, chile relleno, pork fried rice, jerk chicken fried rice, and black beans.  Wow what a feast!  The portions here are very generous.  Everyone talks about how amazing the jade red chicken is, so I had high expectations.  When we were given our free sample of it, I knew it wasn't my thing.  They described it as their "orange chicken".  I don't like orange chicken either, so that explains it.  It's breaded and sweet and I totally get why so many people like it, so I'm going to write this off as a "just me" thing.  After tasting it, I thought lets try it in a quesadilla because I'm not that into it.  The quesadilla was grilled nicely and had plenty of cheese.  Cheese makes everything better and I was surprised that this didn't get too soggy considering the sticky chicken inside.  I guess I had some kind of spicy red curry chicken in mind when hearing about jade red chicken.  Oh well - if you have a sweet tooth, then you will love this stuff (as many do).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#rkVsRNwilZcerkygrk7gUAThe jerk chicken was mostly sliced white meat with a nice jerk spice dry rub on it.  It had a kick, but wasn't too strong.  The emerald chicken was perhaps the most interesting of the meats.  Actually I couldn't taste much of the actual chicken because all of the flavor is in the emerald sauce.  The chicken, once again was sliced white meat and skinless.  The emerald sauce is what I would call an Asian pico de gallo with  chopped up ginger and green onion being the main flavors.  It really works and is very refreshing and light.  I would say if you are trying to eat healthy, the emerald chicken and plain white rice bowl would be an excellent choice.  But this also might be interesting in a not so healthy burrito as well, as I didn't seem to mind the emerald sauce mixing with any of the other flavors on the plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#oIWS6IwY0EDA_OnjwnAnbwThe Chile Relleno is all about the crust here.  Oh how I wish it were filled with a better quality cheese than your standard Mexican - cheddar/ jack mix.  Not that they are the first to use the plain stuff, but a queso blanco like oaxaca would have really made this a 5 star Chile Relleno.  This is one large poblano pepper and I'm not sure how they prepared it.  I'm guessing it is first quickly deep fried in egg batter, then rolled in crushed ritz crackers, brushed with butter then baked.  This is purely a guess and seems like a lot of work, but I couldn't really explain what I was tasting here.  However they do it, the result is a crunchy buttery flakey cracker crust on this pepper, and I'm a big fan.Chino Bandido has a nice selection of rice for your combo.  We went with the jerk chicken fried rice because that seemed the most interesting, as well as the more traditional pork fried rice.  You know what?  Even though the jerk chicken fried rice was good, you just can't beat pork.  Pork will always win.  It's a magic food and once again the pig proved to me why it was put on this earth.  A true gift of the culinary gods.  I also enjoyed the black beans, that were prepared more like refried beans and topped with melted cheese.  It was kind of on the sticky side with plenty of seasoning added.  Seems to me, while they are fusioning the Asian and Mexican flavors here, with the jerk chicken and black beans, you can add the Caribbean into the mix as well.  Our meal ended with a complimentary fresh baked cookie (we chose 1 snicker doodle and 1 chocolate) with a chewy center to them, these were pretty good.  I can see why Chino Bandido is popular with the locals, with plenty of options to try at a very affordable price. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#YGQIUUDXXMh1CUc1MSolVQ
4	A lot of excellent dishes to choose from. Definitely a place to bring your friends and family.
5	Serving up BIG flavor in a little strip mall.  It was our first visit, the girl behind the counter was great...she gave us samples of 6 popular offerings to acquaint us with the menu and then talked us through the order process.  A nice touch for first timers. I ordered the carnitas (savory), jerk chicken and jerk rice (a bit of spicy) and black beans (refried and slightly sweet).  Great combination! I took half of it home for lunch the next day, great bargain at $10.  The staff gets service...even putting a special fold in our bag securing our leftovers (precious cargo!).We went here on our last night in town, wish we had gone here first! I could have had dinner there more than once.  Next trip to Phoenix, Chino Bandido will be our go to dinner spot!
1	After reading through other reviews to see if my experience was a freak accident or not,... I see that DD&D might have gotten this one wrong. My boyfriend was excited to share this place with me, and has brought friends here in the past with great experiences. Ours, however, was not.  We went on a Saturday evening and they were already out of about half of the options (including the cookies). The food was ok, and nobody was sick later (hence the one star). The floor was filthy, Seriously, the worst part was when we were told they were closing, sodas were shut down, and we were basically escorted out.  Getting belted in the parking lot, we noticed that the official smoke break began almost precisely 30 seconds after the doors were locked.  Obviously their paying customers are their priority.  Hopefully the owners see these reviews and return to the good food that DD&D and my friend expect and have raved about.  What I experienced?.....nah.
4	In Short :A SUPER HIT fusion of Mexican n Asian.Quick preparation, Flexible Item selection and humble service.Details :Been here so many times during my stay in '12-'13.Can't resist their Jade-Red Chicken Combo.!! I've tried all other Chicken varieties. Diablo is the spiciest (It hits you a few minutes after you finish eating).The beans will be topped with Cheese unless if you say no. ;) The fried rice is not the best but sure is tasty. THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL IS THEIR FREEEE SNICKER DOODLE COOKIE. (Sometimes they run out of the cookies...Just Stay CALM, leave and comeback the next day.)They sell them on Weekends if you want more.Cons:Zero points for Ambiance. It's like a FF joint. Pay, wait and eat. So be sure who you go with. :)Not so clean and not so well maintained tables etc. But heyyy who cares when the food is so crazy awesome.!!!
3	Another star gone, and how strange that this terrible thing occurs the day I become the Duke of chino. The food portions thing is bad enough, but the other deteriorating aspect of chino is the service. I remember for the past 8 years, coming to chino was a sure way to put a smile on your face...the people seemed happy to be here, and happy that you were here to experience their amazing food.The past four or five times I've come it's not even mediocre service, it's downright depressing. The dude waits with little expression as you fill out your order form, as you approach you wait for some sort of greeting, smile, or...well anything. No luck. He grabs the form and says "$10.20 Jake". You pay, and that's that. Done. Over. Fortunately, as I was writing this they called my name and a woman was waiting with a smile and a few friendly quips...I'm afraid to say that's a rarity. This may well be my last visit to chino. I can't stand to see one of the most special places in Phoenix to me reduced to anything less than what it had always been.
5	This place is awesome. They let you sample a few things before you order and are very helpful with their suggestions. The jade red chicken is awesome with the plain rice with black beans! Also, their cookies are to die for.
4	Wow ! Stumbled across this place and so glad I did ! So so good , service is friendly . He asked if this was our 1st time and offered samples ! Food arrived and to our surprise you even get a free cookie . Food was DELISH ! Jerk rice was amazing , quesadilla with Machaca meat is the way to go ;) and to top it off with a cherry on top I found out this is one of the spots Guy  Fieri stopped at on his show..(I had no clue and I love him) .  We will def be back !!
5	This place is wonderful. My first time in, they insisted I try ALL of the meats. How awesome is that? I know what im getting, and, (being a little picky) I know I will like it! The jade red chicken is delicious.  A spicy-sweet sauce. I also love the fact that they give you a free cookie for dessert! I must always have dessert. It seemed like the staff cares here. Great way to keep business!
5	Yes Chino! The Gods of Chinese, Mexico, and Caribbean fusion have answered my pleas! THIS is the chino I know and love, and have frequented since forever. I have in front of me a tin of deliciousness filled to the brim, an extra snickerdoodle, and I'm sporting a gigantic grin that can only be caused by this sort of food euphoria. What's more important, the old chino is back on the inside too! And that's what counts right? I was greeted by a friendly girl who offered to help with ordering, and several people were smiling and looked like they were enjoying the bustling Sunday night atmosphere. Speaking of bustling, it was! And it felt great, all sorts of energy in the room and all positive vibes. I doubt my previous reviews had anything to do with it, maybe I just got unlucky a few times...but whatever it is, chino is back to its rightful place at the forefront of my mind and heart, and it retakes it's reign as the absolute best and most unique dining experience in Phoenix. Here's lookin at you chino, you absolute legend.
4	After driving past this joint for years and never stopping in,  I finally saw it on tv on diners drive ins and dives with Guy Fieri. I figured,  if he ate there and lived,  it must not be so bad! Staff is super friendly and helpful, they realize it's confusing of you've never been there before.The pork is outstanding,  my favorite.  The jade chicken comes in at a close second!Fun place to eat and break the norm, unless fusion food is your norm!Go give then a try,  you'll be surprised!
5	Great place! Interesting food combinations delicious flavors fast friendly service and a great price! All you need to know!
4	Jade chicken-Yummy!!!!!!!!! Loved all the food. Dining area a bit messy but food makes up for it!
5	One of my favorite places to eat.  I love this place!  I've been eating here as a regular since the 90s.  Never had a bad plate.  Don't miss their other location in if you are on the East side!
4	The ability to get mediocre Chinese AND Mexican food at the same time amounts to a whole experience much greater than the sum of its parts. Never has foreign cuisine been bastardized so effectively...but it works.Think of it as a Panda Express and Taco Bell sharing the same building, only they're totally down to mix up items. You want machaca over fried rice? Sure. Terriyaki chicken quesadilla? Not even a problem. The goal is to satisfy both cravings for $10, and I don't think that can be done anywhere else. I prefer to uh...keep my food separated, with a rice bowl and a small quesadilla. "You could have saved money by making it a combo!" they said as my food was brought. Too bad no one pointed that out as I handed in the multiple choice test that was my order. I came here to eat, not to fill out paperwork!Diners rave about the Jade Chicken, and I don't think it's half bad. It's taste is vaguely orange and is a tad on the oily side, and looks and tastes like sweet and sour cut with buffalo sauce...which is weird, but works. Top it off with a bite-sized cheese crisp, a cookie, and perhaps even a reasonably-priced craft beer! On your way out, feel free to grab one of the mock Chinese T-Shirts...it's politically correct, but when the rest of the decor looks decades old, I at least appreciate the antiquity of the establishment as a whole. It excels in nothing. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Each item alone is just a-ok. It's the sheer variety and speed of service that forces me to rate it so highly with an extra star.
4	Location: Horrible location, but worth going there for the food.Food: I think I've tried it all. Everything I've had there is amazing and worth trying.Cleanliness: This is where I dock them a star. I've ate inside a few times, but it is pretty dirty.Overall: Great people watching. You will see people show up in expensive cars, followed by construction workers. It is nice seeing all the people enjoying their food.Note:Get the black beans!
5	This place is amazing.  Wonderful food and very interesting concept to food blending. I've never been dissapointed. I like that they let you sample before you order if you are unsure about a certain item. Wonderful service and amazing food.
4	What do you get when you cross Mexican and Chinese fast food?  Chino Bandino.Annually we try to come check this joint out when we are in town visiting our beloved Padres for Spring Training.  I like to try new things, but I cannot resist their awesome Jerk Chicken.There are many variations you can try your thrill for either a Mexican or Chinese fixing.  If this seems like a complicated process, it can be.  Go with a Chile Relleno with Egg Foo Young.  The combos are endless.They have menu ordering system that once you figure it out is pretty much an easy process.  My selection was the Jade Red Chicken + Jerk Chicken Bowl combo.  I went with fried rice and black beans.  It was terrific and quite tasty.Spicy roaming on my back tongue, the Jerk Chicken is notably worth checking out. I actually ate my entire entree with chop sticks. You will not be disappointed.Also included is a choice of Snickerdoodle or Chocolate Chip cookie.  I don't have a sweet tooth, but both cookies were looking fresh and tasty.  No thanks, next time maybe!The fat: Get here early.The skinny:  Everything on their menu is worth trying once.
4	This is a restaurant you go to every once in a while, otherwise it would be kind of gross. HOWEVER, when you go occasionally...SO GOOD! Somehow the combination of okay Chinese and okay Mexican food goes together splendidly. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Everyone eating there seems excited to be there too, which really makes the overall atmosphere very pleasant. I will definitely return...next year.
5	Been coming to this restaurant forever and I can never get tired of it! Never disappoints food is always good service is good as well.
5	I was new to this place. Have the front counter people tour u on the food they serve if ur new!!  Samples of all their popular dishes.  Loved the pollo diablo alongside jade red chicken and pork fried rice. FTW
5	Best place in the worldMy grandma and mom  know the owner I love that the jade red chicken is gluten free made with cornstarchI have eaten here since i was born and am always here at least once a week
4	This place caught me completely off guard. A friend of mine who lived in Phoenix years ago recommend this place to us since we were out in Phoenix visiting relatives.Wow.. good stuff! Interesting too. GET the jerk chicken fried rice. wow... Jade chicken.. yummy.. Black beans.. even better. Most of our party opted with Chinese and I'm sorry we didn't get more Mexican to try it. Note - It's not fancy, no one waits on your table. You order at the counter and they bring your food out. Great prices... great food..
4	Went here because I saw the DDD episode and it lived up to my expectations. At first I was really nervous for the mix of asian and mexican but I was happily surprised. I had the red jade and it was a lot like an orange chicken but better. Kind of a little hole in the wall but worth making the trip.
2	Saw this place on Food Network so decided to try it when in town. Ordered the red jade chicken and fried rice. The place was packed with loud redneck hicks with no manners...thought I was on Honey Boo Boo. As for the food...it was ok. It would have been better if it was made to order which mine seemed to be reheated. Youre not missing  much here...even if I was a local I doubt I would come back.
5	Ordered some delicious jerk chicken and emerald green chicken something.  The flavor on the jerk chicken was hot like I like it, enough to make me sweat a little but just right.  The emerald chicken was a ginger delight-  something you could never make at home and so memorable.  This place is amazing!!  If you are new, tell them--  I did and got a free taste test/sample session.  We were able to taste 3 kinds of meats, the delicious beans, and a mixed up rice.  I will come back here!!  This food is the BOMB!!!  I can't say enough about the high quality and flavorful experience.   Yes it's a dive location but if you want to taste something -- even my taste-dead boyfriend smiled-- you will appreciate the flavors.  wowza.
4	Note: this is my first review and this is based on my opinionsI have come on vacation to Arizona and me and my folks searched for  Guy Fieri  DDD restaurants in Phoenix. We saw how recommended this place was and gave it a shot. When we pulled up we weren't very impressed by the appearance, but then saw the long line of people and walked in. A cheerful staff, charming and laid back atmosphere. With a large wall of awards and achievements greeting us. I concord with the rest of the reviewers and loved the red jade chicken (and of course a cookie to finish it off). All in all it was a great experience.
5	HEY YALL...I Love Love Love this place....you gotta get the Pork Carnitas....absolutely pathetically deviously delicious.
4	One of my favorite restaurants. The food is always delicious and the employees are really helpful if you're not familiar with the menu. I really wish they would update the dinning area though.
1	Nothing to see here folks. Such a disappointment to see this joint trying to wrap orange chicken in a tortilla. Jerk rice, boo. I'll give it to them though, I did feel like a JERK for buying their food. Never again. I'll pass.
5	I am SO excited that we finally got to try this place! Since this was our first time the guy at the front explained everything to us & let us try some different items off the menu.  We got combo meals, mine was chicken fried rice, refried beans, teriyaki quesadilla & jade red chicken. Crazy amount of food. It was all SOOOOO good. My only complaint would be to ask for my fried rice without green onions as I don't really care for them & it had tons. Yes the place is divey but hey, the food rocks! $18 for 2 combo meals & a drink. They even brought us 2 yummy cookies!
5	Chino really knows how to keep things interesting! I love their fusion cuisine and flawless blend of flavors. I still have a lot of combinations to try but iv got time cause I will be a life long customer.++Chino if you do read this... spice up the decor some more! Id love to have more fun stuff to look at when I visit :)
2	My family and I have been coming to Chinos for close to 15 years now and it seems to me that ever since it was featured on DDD that prices have gone up and portions have gone down. I usually pass on the rice and ask for a double order of beans. This passed visit, my wife ordered a small side of beans with her quesadilla. They put my double order of beans in a big styrofoam container and only filled it up to the small beans container level. I compared the two and realized I got duped. Jade red chicken is still delicious but the portions look like more of a kids meal. My machaca burrito looked like something from Taco Bells value meal. Foods good but that value isn't there anymore. We as a family are probably going to find a new tradition to eat at. It's always sad to see a place my family has been eating for this long to go this far downhill.
3	I was curious about this place after hearing about it. They have some very interesting combinations that I'll have to admit were very tasty. I thought the food was above average, but you really don't get very much for the money. I really thought that I was going to have to eat again in a few hours. Place is huge and feels like a dining hall.The person taking our order was very friendly and offered us tastes of anything we wanted to try.
5	My favorite place is Arizona! Such an amazing combination of Chinese and Mexican food.  The jade red chicken is to die for.  Their teriyaki chicken is so unique, very delicious.  Any time a friend or family member visits, we have to take them here.  They let you sample a lot on your first visit, sometimes I still say it's my first time lol
2	The food is good for a first time visit but if you know meat, you will figure out that there is higher quality meat out there for the same price. The Portion sizes seem to have gone down considerably from when I first started going there and I am sure other people might have noticed this too. I love their cheesed up quesadilla but somehow I am still hungry when I leave. One worst turn down for my wife is the cleanliness issue. Don't look at the floor while you eat since it might kill your appetite.
4	Love this place!!! Red Jade Chicken! I will bring friends and family here!
3	Don't be fooled - this place is not a fusion of cuisines.  You get a combo plate of Chinese and Mexican.  I had the jade red chicken and fried rice (Chinese) with the black beans and quesadilla (Mexican).  The food was good but you can get better anywhere.
4	Jade red chicken and Jerk chicken! Yum! That is all I have to say! Oh and the black beans! :)
4	Saw this place on Triple D and Had to try it while I was visiting AZ last weekend. The service was super friendly and the staff was very informative and knew the entire menu. They made great suggestions & we ended up getting two great meals. The combination of the asian-mex was very interesting i loved the fusion of flavors.And the cookie was a great treat :).I would definitely eat there again.
5	Excellent food & great service, especially when I want Mexican and my friends want Chinese. We're all happy !
4	This is Mexican Panda Express, and it is crazy. Crazy, and crazy delicious. Located in a strip mall, just look for the huge "Panda bandit" cartoons on the window.Choose your "meat" -- the popular items like "Jade Chicken" is essentially a spicy version of orange chicken. Emerald chicken, a runner up, is boiled chicken with a minced ginger, scallions oil based sauce -- which is better with rice than in a tortilla since it's not as salty.Then, throw that into a burrito, taco, or have it with rice and beans "remix." The beans have been flavored with hoisin or oyster sauce to give it a sweet, umami tang. There's also "jerk fried rice" which is... rich, spicy and a great contrast to the meat dish. Finishes with a large snickerdoodle cookie, which was a little out of place, but hey, cookies!Cafeteria style seating, order and sit down and they'll bring the food to you. At 8-10 bucks per meal, it's quite a steal, and a must try if you find yourself in Arizona.
1	I handed the dude at the register my credit card and he made a racist remark about my name out loud. Speechless. Take your business elsewhere.
3	Quite an interesting concept that I had not been privy to trying before finding it randomly on a lunch break in the heart of upper Phoenix. Let's get the complaint out of the way early. If this place is half Mexican, then you need to have some salsa or some Mexican sauce next to the soy sauce. Alot of food I found myself pouring soy sauce on because it lacked a bit of a punch and flavor. If they can pull that off, then things would be alot better because my veggie quesadilla was solid, but using soy sauce on that product was not the best choice. The plain fried rice was exactly what I wanted and although they only have a handful of chicken breast choices, the one I picked was good. It was with the green sauce and ginger combo and I ordered that in the combination with that quesadilla for about eight bucks. They probably don't need that sampling station in the front either, it just looks cheesy. Of course, the snickerdoodle cookie was a nice surprise and very tasty, that item may be worth buying a dozen, but maybe sneak your own hot sauce in the place if you want some extra flavor.
2	This place is not what it used to be,  I ordered the jade chicken which I usually get because it's my favorite and when it came out  my meal looked like it had been  sitting out for quite a while,  I had asked for salsa to freshen it up a bit and they gave me this nasty tomato sauce. I don't understand what happened to this place even the staff looked lazy. Please fix this
4	This place lives up to its reputation!  Jerk chicken and pork fried rice were great!
5	I haven't tried much here but what I get is so good I don't have to stray. I always get the jerk fried rice and jade red chicken.The jerk fried rice has junks of jerk chicken, very tasty. The jade red chicken is always terrific.The free snicker doodle cookie is great too.
4	Interesting Chinese/Mexican hybrid. The food was good. They have a unique presentation.  You get a lot of food for a cheap price. This is a good place for take-out. One staff member was a little rude, like he was shocked I had a few questions.  The rest of the staff were friendly.
1	the front counter girl rolled her eyes  when I  asked her  what came with the combo.  that set the mood  for the rest of the" experience".  food  was mediocre  at best.  ordered the red jade  chicken,  nor sure what we ended up with. pork  rice  was horrible, machaca  was decent.  all in all,  the  place  was not worth  the $ 22.00  spent on 2  meals.
5	The first time I came here I was impressed by the fact they let you try everything before you order. I decided on the emerald chicken and jade chicken with the black beans and the jerk fried rice. Me and the person I was with were so impressed we ordered again for dinner/left overs as we ate our lunch #DontJudgeMe lolIt was dangerous because at the time I lived a short distance from this location, which I still visit when I happen to be on that side of town because for some reason it just tastes a little better from the original hole in the wall location. Maybe it's just a little more love put into it. While the Chandler one is still good.. just something about the original. Over all PHX or Chandler.. I"m a fan!
5	Hole in the wallWon't leave a hole in the stomachCould eat so much it would make me wanna vomitThe snicker doodle at the end is perfectDo yourself a favor and get the jade red chicken with chicken fried rice. This place is very delicious on that day you want something different, cheap, quality, and fast.
4	Finally made it in after hearing about Chino Bandido for years.  Fun place.  Order at the counter to the left, then cop a squat in the dining area(s) to the right and they'll bring your food out to you.  Bonus for first-timers: they provide meat samples to help you make your order.  I had a 2-item combo (jade red chicken and carnitas) and jerk fried rice.  I should have gone with 1 item instead as I'm still stuffed and lunch was an hour ago!So the place isn't earth-shattering, but it was good.  I'll be back and I'll have no problem recommending Chino Bandido to anyone who'll listen.
3	I first heard about Chino Bandido on a Food Network show, and the fare sounded interesting. Mexican food with an Asian flare? Either horrible or awesome, right? Top Dog: Emerald Chicken - Brimming with the the flavors of green onions and ginger, this chicken was my favorite. I had it in a burrito, and immediately made me regret the other things I'd ordered.Contendor: Jade Chicken - Interesting, but ultimately unsuccessful. It just tasted like someone put sriracha sauce on my tacos. Nah. Nothing special.Surprising: Confusing order system - The system makes sense, but it takes a few minutes to figure out. They should just have newbies order at the counter with no paper. There's a whole matrix, and abbreviations, and about 30 options times four... It was surprising that it was so difficult to order.Disappointing: Chile relleno - this was a bummer; chile rellenos are one of my faves, but this was a monstrosity; poor choice of cheeses, the batter was waaay too crunchy, not many seasonings. No thanks.Overall, some good tastes, but room for improvement. Biggest improvement would be less grease. EVERYTHING was super greasy!  The fried rice was greasy, the beans were lardy, the food was oily, and the grease settled at the bottom of the foil container, getting the tortillas greasy and the rice greasier too!I'd return, but I'd stick to the Emerald chicken.
5	the food was fantastic. the red jade chicken was so crispy and delish, i also loved the jerk chicken fried rice. both me and my husband were very satisfied. My only suggestion would be for them to update their dining room. it looks like it is getting a little run down, like a cafeteria. but we came for the food and were very happy. my husband was especially happy about the bonus cookie they give you for dessert.
5	Been eating at this restaurant my whole life, and I have always loved it.  The food hasn't changed in 25 years.  Jade red chicken is obviously a favorite here.  The cuban black beans and jerk fried rice are the two perfect sides to go with.  You can order any of the meats here inside a burrito or quesadilla too, for some variety :D
3	Saw this place on food network show DDD and had to try it. It was ok. Not mind blowing but not blah or eww either. Jade red chicken was good but I could taste ketchup when eating it. Fried rice was ok nothing amazing. Service was very friendly and helpful. They let us sample ever meat on the menu before ordering. For the service I would give them four stars. But yeah the concept of this place is much cooler than the taste of its food. Fun idea, I'd try it again if I was in the area but I wouldn't crave it. Go there... See for yourself.
5	I have never ever heard of this place until two days ago. After a google search and menu perusal I got excited!! Went to dinner tonight and I was not disappointed in the slightest. The restaurant is basic; meaning the focus is on the food not the decor. It's actually refreshing to be in such a laid back casual atmosphere. It allows the food to shine. Bathrooms were spotless which is +++ in my boom. Jerk chicken is totes amazeballs also the Cuban beans. Next time I go I am going to try the veggie quesadilla. I saw that being served at the next table and it gave me entree envy. So just GO!!
3	I went here months ago and forgot to Yelp about it--oops!  This place was just OK.  I had high expectations with the hundreds of great reviews on here plus it was on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  The staff is awesome!  They were very friendly and let us sample some of the best sellers to help us make up our mind.  We settled on the Jade Chicken and carnitas.  Both of the meats were very good.  We decided to have the carnitas in a quesadilla, which was delicious.  The Jade chicken was very good too.  My least favorite part of the meal was the rice.  It was very sweet and tasted like it had a lot of five spice in it.  The free snickerdoodle was really good though, so that kinda made up for it.  I don't know if I'd come back again.  The portion sizes are quite small (compared to most Mexican and Chinese restaurants where they really load you up) and the prices are a bit high for what you get.
5	I have heard whispers of this place for quite a while but am not one to rush out and let that bubble pop so easily. What a great place, no really. The people are genuinely nice the food smells, looks and is delicious, what they don't have in tangible ambiance they make up for in a feel good vibe. There's a couple of other gems in that same shopping center I must visit. Kudos for not disappointing me, to be honest I was trying not to set my hopes too high and you really made my day. Support this place! Visit often and tell a friend!
5	I love this place!  It is in an old strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside, and isn't really much on the inside either, and I love it that way!  Such a dive!  There is a reason it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives!  Here is a link if you haven't seen the clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86kjMk63PLY.  The food is a fusion of Chinese, Mexican, and Caribbean.  When you walk in there is a tasting counter where you can sample the food and they can help you fill out your order.  You have your choice of many different items including quesadillas, teriyaki chicken, Jamaican jerk chicken, beans, and rice.  My favorite is the Jade Red chicken, a Chinese side similar to orange chicken, but so much better!  You also get a cookie with your order, usually a snicker doodle, but certain days they serve other types of cookies.  There is a location in Chandler as well.  We come often, delicious and unique concept!
5	Not only is their food consistently phenomenal every time I come, but they have great staff- I left my purse in the restaurant and they grabbed it for me and had it waiting upon my return. Great employees. You also must try the jerk fried rice!
1	Gnarly fast food. The concept is great but the execution is just awful. There was no flavor to the Jade Red Chicken and the tortilla was stale. It wasn't even creative; purely drunk food only that it still leaves you unsatisfied. I can take awful food now and then but the place was completely dirty. There was food left on our table that I had to wipe off and there was food all over the floor. the staff just merrily ignored it. Absolutely disgusting. We came home and showered. If I could give it zero stars I would.
4	It may sound like an unusual restaurant, but this hole in the wall is amazing! It's been a favorite of mine for years! I love their Jade Red Chicken, Emerald chicken and their black beans. Oh! And their snickerdoodles are to die for. Yum!
1	I ate here a month ago and am certain that it gave me the worst food poisoning of my life. I kinda want to give it another chance because everyone I know loves it so much... But I am haunted by the memories of pooping my guts out for 8 hours straight that I will never trust the Chinese Bandit again. Eat here with caution.
5	Only our second time here, but well worth making this a regular spot. Excellent concept and keeping things unique and flavorful. Very nice and enjoyable!
5	Chino Bandido is one of my favorite local local spots. Upon arriving, you'll come to the conclusion you might want to turn around. The parking lot is spooky, the restaurant boasts elementary school floor tile and fold-up plastic card tables.Don't let this fool you. The food here is top dog. The service is hit or miss, really- but the food! The food is like a little Chinese-Mexican warrior came down from space to bless us all with delicious jade red chicken, quesadillas, burritos, nummy rice, mouth-watering cookies (which don't taste half bad dipped into their BLACK BEANS, if your into the savory, sugary thing). I couldn't say more good things about Chino's food: what restaurants are all about. I could care less if the bathrooms are tight and smell a little funky. The food is great. That's what we care about. It's an original, local staple that has been and will be passed down for generations.
5	I love this place.  Have been hooked for years and will continue to recommend and come back for years to come!
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been there twice this week! The jerk chicken is absolutely yummy! But honestly everything on the menu that I've tried so far is great! Ordering for first timers is a little confusing, but if you go up to the guy at the counter on the left he will help u out and give u some samples :)By my second visit I knew the deal and was able to get in and out a lot faster.The snickerdoodle cookie was the bomb, and I tried a special cookie yesterday that was chocolatey and soooo gooooood! I can't wait to be back in AZ so I can go back to this place!
2	Um, do people have no taste buds at all? Look, I give it two stars because it's a cool idea and because it's just fast food, so you can't expect much.But this food is vile. I didn't finish mine, which says a lot. It's not even panda express quality. How hard is it to make a decent quesadilla and orange chicken (which I'm pretty sure they just defrost anyway)? Too bad. I think it's surviving entirely on its concept.
4	Absolutely nothing fancy about this restaurant in a strip mall but the food was yummy! Truly a fusion type concept and not for the faint of heart as many of the dishes are pretty spicy. I loved the jerk chicken and black beans.Ordering can seem confusing for a first timer but it will make sense after you watch others or ask for help.No fuss, straight forward and good!
5	This is literally my favorite restaurant. I've been going here since I was young. The food is a crazy combination of Mexican, Chinese, and Caribbean. It may not look like much and you may miss it if you just drive by but the food is to die for. My favorite dish has to be the Jade Red Chicken or a Veggie Quesadilla. I love finishing off the meal with their Snickerdoodles!
4	Sweet fancy Moses, this place is a dump.  I bought my last wardrobe at a thrift store that had a better aesthetic.  Dumpy tables, dirty walls, and Sweet Lord that bathroom.$5000 bucks of the Diner Drive-inns and Dives money would completely change the vibe here.BUT we go to Chino for the grub, and it's crazy tasty.  Emerald chicken, jade chicken, egg foo yummy.Big bowls of tasty foods with unique flavor profiles, that's the Chino experience.Just watch the sewage in the parking lot....
5	Yum! Chinese/Mexican fusion, who would have thought?!!! Seriously, the jade chicken is amazing... try it :)
4	Loved it!!!! Definitely try the emerald chicken, jade red chicken, pork fried rice and black beans. The ordering is definitely different, but it's not complicated. What this place lacks in ambience it completely makes up in taste. Looks like they even recently remodeled their bathrooms!
4	What can you say about a restaurant with over 650 reviews that hasn't been said before?  I had the Jade Red Chicken with Pork Fried Rice, the chicken was great, I ate way more of it than I should have.  I wasn't a big fan of the fried rice but that's probably a good thing because I definitely filled up on the Jade Red Chicken.  The people working were nice and the meal comes with a free Snickerdoodle cookie which is awesome.  Have a feeling this place is going to be dangerous since it's within walking distance from my house...
4	Came because of Diners Drive Ins & Dives! #guilty Finally made it! Last time I tried the line was out the door down the strip mall.... (made me wanna come back)**Red Jade chicken - sweet n tangy glazed chicken, more tangy than spicy, very tasty, not big pieces of chicken**Emerald Chicken - ginger n scallion w sliced chicken breasts - light n refreshing, chicken moist & tender **Jerk chicken fried Rice or Quesadilla - mild jamaican jerk chicken, pretty decent given its a Chinese mexican joint  **Snicker Doodle Cookie - free with every meal!!! #delish **Pass on the kids meals unless ur kid is under 3 & eats like they just turned 3 **Could me cleaner & redone with all the business this place gets. But staff was nice. I'll be back!
5	Some of the best food in AZ. A great place for a variety of styles of food. Nothing else like it.
5	Had the Bandido tonight via take out and it was fantastic!  That much flavor in one glorious round container is almost too much joy.   Love love love love love their food, every item I try is good.  The black beans probably have magical powers.  I had gone to bed, left just a couple of spoonfuls for the next day, but only made it an hour in bed before having to get up and finish the beans.  Yes, they are that good.  And now I find out you can also order a small salad to balance the carbs?  If they had delivery, I would not be able to contain myself.
5	this food is soooo good.  never had mexican asian fusion, but it is soo delicious.  the refried beans are to die for and the jade red chicken is wonderful.  my son loves the hengrenade chicken.  actually everything i have had so far is great.  it's always busy, but you don't usually have to wait to long.  i call ahead for the pick up!!!  it's also very inexpensive.
4	Chino is great. My fave is the emerald chicken and egg foo yung. Listen people, it's all about the food! It's fresh, not frozen like one of the other reviewers insinuated. The Refried beans are BLACK Refried beans and they're freakin' addicting. Yes, it's a little messy at lunch time, but it's like a feeding frenzy at noon! They're getting the food out to hungry white collars, blue collars, golfers etc , they're not trying to white glove the place!  If you have a closed mind you'll be disappointed :-)And for the reviewer who compared it to Chipotle....you're high to even put them in the same review.  chipotle=chainChino=It's yummy, trust me.
5	When I first heard about this place, I thought it sounded ridiculous.  It was presented to me as the "orange chicken burrito" place.  I assumed it was a bad Chinese restaurant trying to come up with some innovative (but really just lame) fusion idea. However, my coworkers who have been out to Phoenix all raved about it, so we decided to give it a try. I was blown away. It's one of those places where you shouldn't be expecting to eat anything "authentic".  You should just eat it as food.  It was delicious. I was here yesterday for my 'annual' visit and ordered the 2-item combo plate with jade chicken and emerald chicken and side of black beans and jerk fried rice.  So delicious.  Although I am not a huge fan of fried food, I actually liked the jade chicken more than the emerald chicken.  The jade chicken was tender, juicy and had the perfect flavored sauce.  It's not your ordinary orange chicken.  The emerald chicken was great with the ginger/green onion sauce (that is authentic), but it was just too much meat for me.  The beans and rice were SO good.  I have recommended this place to all my friends/coworkers who travel to Phoenix and definitely will be coming back if I'm ever in the area.
5	Went to Spring Training for the Rockies, and ended up eating at Chino Bandidos almost every day!  I wish we had one of these in Denver CO.  Best fusion of foods I have ever eaten, PERIOD!  Ate something different every time, and it just got better with each meal.  To date; this is the only Yelp review I have done, but had to let everyone know.  I can not recommend this place enough.
5	A friend recommended this place to my family immediately when they found out that we were traveling to Phoenix. Of course we went- and I'm glad we did! Chino Bandido is so unique.. Mexican and Asian food aren't a common combination but the food was soo delicious! The snickerdoodles were also scrumptious- my fave!
5	If I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Jade Red burrito. The food is insane! Mexican/Chinese?!?! What? Yeah it may sound weird but OMG, amazing!
1	This was a huge let down!! It's in terrible need of a MAJOR cleaning which made me wonder how dirty the kitchen and prep areas were!! We will not be going here again
5	Tastes just the way it smells... Delicious. Pretty much everything I tried was great, underestimated the heat in the jerk chicken though, food was amazing overall.
5	First time trying this place and I loved everything about it. I don't live in Arizona so when I heard about chino my boyfriend and I came down and had to see what the buzz is all about. I got the jade chicken with beans and jerk rice and It was absolutely amazing! Service is great and friendly. Definitely coming back whenever I'm in town.
5	This place makes me entirely too happy! Amazing laid back atmosphere, great food (Jade Red chicken & Jerk Fried Rice!), Alcoholic drinks if you choose, sports always on the television, fast-friendly staff- what more can you ask for!? LOVE CHINOS!
4	Surprisely very good combination. If you don't care for the decor and just want good food,  this is the place. Great for lunch.
5	I have been going to Chino's since I was a little kid! I love it and take all out-of-town visitors here. Try the Jade Red Chicken w/ Jerk fried rice and black beans - you won't regret it!
3	All their menu choices are great,  never had bad food here. Prices have gone up, regretably. .... last time we went, there were less beans than rice, which was disappointing.  Maybe a fluke? We won't stop going, just less frequently due to prices.According to witness statements, portion sizes have shrunk.  Come on CB, it's beans, rice and chicken. You do wonders with it, but to raise prices and cut portions?  Filiberto 's is about a mile north.... don't make me go there.
4	I can't think of another establishment that does Chinese/Mexican fusion cuisine as perfectly as Chino. While there may be more grease than you're expecting, the food is still amazing and definitely a guilty pleasure. The jade red chicken quesadilla is the bomb - get it every time!!
5	Never disappoints. Machaca quesadilla, jade red chicken burrito, chicken fries rice and black beans is a near perfect combo.
4	I enjoy hitting this place when on the north side.   Try things first!   Then mix two that go great along with the tasty rice and black beans.  The cookie is a perfect end to this meal.
4	Interesting combination of Chinese and Mexican food but it really works.  Jade Chicken, rice and beans.  I'd recommend giving it a try.  A ton of different choices and combinations.
5	I hadn't visited this place in about five years. Once again, I really enjoyed everything tasted at this restaurant.  The fare is a fusion of Chinese, Mexican and Jamaican flavors. First, I was offered samples of all the major items to try.  I selected  the Jade Red chicken, the black beens with cumin, and the Jerk Chicken (been to Jamaica, ate their jerk chicken while there, Chino Bandidio's was pretty darn good) - all were packed with flavor and delicious.The staffing was helpful, friendly and attentive - I couldn't as for more. I'll be back to try some of the other menu items. I'll definitely refer this establishment to others.
4	My wife and I had been to the other Chino Bandido a few years ago.  I saw that this place was within reasonable driving distance from work (4 miles) and since we have hour lunches, I decided to drive down.  I walked in, filled out my card on what I wanted (for those that don't know....Chino Bandido is a fusion cuisine that allows you to mix and match different items.  You fill out a card with a pen and write down what you want...endless combinations are available pretty much)  and then paid the man my money.  A few minutes later, I had my sack of food and was on my way out the door.  Here is what I ordered..................I went with a 2 item combo and decided to get 2 quesadillas (Jen Red Pork and Jade Red Chicken) black beans and pork fried rice.  The total for this huge monstrosity was $9.10.  Here is how everything tasted.............Jen Red Pork Quesadilla-  This thing was delicious.  It was pretty much sweet and sour pork wrapped in a tortilla with cheese.  They kind of "fry/griddle" their tortillas so they have a bit of a crunch/crisp to them.  They stuffed this to the gills with tons of crunchy/sweet/hot pork.Jade Red Chicken-  Very similar to the Jen Red Pork except that it was chicken.  Think sweet and sour chicken.  I was very impressed with my 2 quesadilla combo.  It was almost too much though.  I wound up stuffed and couldn't even finish two 1/4s of each quesadilla.Black Beans-  I'm usually not a fan of beans.  These beans were absolutely delicious though.  They are as black as the night sky and they came covered with a bunch of cheese.  They reminded me of a sort of refried bean but way more delicious.  It was almost like a giant bean dip.  Alternating bites of beans and quesadilla was a killer combo.Pork Fried Rice-  This was pretty good.  I left a lot of it in the container just because I was so damn full from everything else.  This was a moister fried rice with little pieces of pork in it.  Was it the best fried rice ever?  Nah.  Did it work with the combo of everything else?  Yeah.  Snickerdoodle-  They hook you up with a cookie for dessert.  The sugar cookie was delicious.  Soft and chewy and sweet.  It was the first cookie I have had in months.Everything was really tasty!  You could probably split a 2 item combo between 2 people.  I tried my darnedest  to finish everything and didn't even come close.  They definitely hook up the portions!   I will definitely be back to try out more combos.  The choices are endless and the food is delicious.  Service was friendly too.  I'm glad this place is nearby!
4	This place looks awfulFood is greasy and makes me feel heavy.So why the decent rating? the food you do get tastes awesome.Price did go up this year, and the portion is variable.Star taken off since some days I order and my bowl is full and sometimes it's 3/5ths full.  I often get pick-up so all the food gets mushed up together and it's very clear when portions are not the same.I love the food and will be returning.
4	We were in the area...starving. So of course I yelp to see what's around and low and behold Chinos! It had been forever since being here. The order taker was awesome with helping us choose our meal. Very patient and accommodating. I had the jerk chicken over fried rice. Spicy and yummy. Hit the spot. Thank chino! It would be nice if they put a little money into fixing up the place. But then again I do appreciate good hole in the wall eateries. :-)
4	Every now and then, it's nice to cast better judgement aside and indulge in some unique, local fare. That's what I did today, and I'm glad I did - at least so far! At first glance, Chino Bandido looks like a pretty pedestrian Mexican restaurant, just another divey, strip-mall eatery among countless others spread across the Phoenix landscape. But they are decidedly unique. Instead of stuffing their burritos with carne asada or refried beans or shredded chicken, they fill their tortillas with the likes of Chinese BBQ pork, Jamaican jerk chicken and Egg Foo Yoo. What!!? All of there offerings are served either as rice bowls, quesadillas, or burritos. Turn your order into a combo and you get beans (black or refried) and rice (cooked one of 4 different ways).I opted for the two burrito combo with jerk chicken and chinese pork. Now, I've been here before and sometimes the burritos are on the small side. Not so today. I'm not sure if it's because I ordered in the late afternoon instead of in the middle of their lunch rush, but these burritos were huge! The chinese pork was just the right combination of sweet and savory. The jerk chicken was packed with flavor and had a nice mellow burn to it. The combo was served with black beans (decent) and jerk fried rice (amazing). Oh, and instead of a fortune cookie, you get a snickerdoodle. Not my thing, but pretty delicious. All this for around $9!!Now, here are a couple of things to note:1. Yes, the place is pretty dumpy. It's located in a rough-looking strip mall. It was featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and this definitely fell in the "Dives" category. The dining room is pretty non-descript - a bunch of plastic folding tables crammed into two rooms. 2. Surprisingly, the restrooms are really nice - clean and modern. They must've just remodeled them (at least the men's room), because it's the nicest part of the restaurant. How often can you say that?3. Ok, so I have a degree in engineering but I feel pretty stupid every time I order here. They have these forms that you're supposed to fill out that are less than intuitive. I'm sure if I were a regular, I would get the hang of it. The good news is that they have a friendly staff eager to help.All in all, it's a fun and unique dining experience. Oh, and they have an awesome panda statue in the dining room. Seriously, it's awesome.I'll be back....
4	I've been going here since I was 3 or 4 with my parents. The menu has changed a bit over the years, but as long as Jade Red Chicken never goes, I can't complain :3 THEIR BLACK BEANS ARE WONDERFUL, get them!One more thing, their cookies used to be better (I'm talking bout you, volcano cookie!). I tend to pass on them now, though maybe it's just a preference of how I like my cookies :/
4	Sometimes I like being a lazy eater and Chino Bandido definitely helps.When you walk in, the menu is on the left and you order from one of the register people. You have the option of really customizing everything so don't get too overwhelmed.I usually order #1, the carnitas, with jerk fried rice. I then pour two containers of their hot sauce over it. I then mix it all together and I have this delicious combination of spicy pork fried rice. Yum!This will usually keep me full for almost the whole day. They also include a very good snicker-doodle cookie with your order that is soft and melts wonderfully in your mouth.
5	Food is always awesome. Service is great. If you need help with ordering just let them know, the employees are always very friendly and super healthy.
3	We stopped in last night for dinner after hearing all of the hype and were actually somewhat disappointed.  The staff was very friendly and walked us through the menu by allowing us to try some of their most popular items - bonus!  The food was just ok...not overly flavorful and a little overcooked.  I tried the jade chicken with chicken fried rice and thought it was good, certainly not great.  However, I barely made it home before the food went right through me...not good!  This place is popular, so it is doing something right, but it didn't win me over and make me a fan.
4	Great food. Really liked having the system explained and samples provided when we walked in. This place has character. The dining area could use a little updating. Prices are reasonable. Food is served in aluminum pie pans, which is kind of cool but vaguely makes me worry about recycling. Everyone was super friendly. We were out of state and stopped by on the way to the airport  because of the reviews and the Guy Fieri reference.
4	If I could I would give a 4.5! Came here for the first time with my roommate and the employees were really nice and helpful. We did not realize there were papers we had to fill out but there guy who helped us could tell we were new and helped us out right away. We got to sample some stuff and he gave great suggestions! I went pretty plain with the jade red chicken and pork fried rice but my roommate got the machaca and jerk fried rice. We both LOVED our food! We took it Togo and it worked perfectly. Looks can be deceiving because this is a definite hole in the wall which I am ok with. The only thing keeping me from giving five stars was that the dinning room was a bit dirty. I'm not the kind of person to knock a place for decor. The restaurant was pretty busy so I understand but there were a lot of straw wrappers and what not on the floor so a simple sweeping would have gone a long ways. Do I plan on coming back? Most definitely!
5	Amazing! It's a hole in the wall, but the food is soooo delicious! The jerk chicken rice is my favorite! And the carnitas are always juicy and are perfect in a quesadilla.....
5	Was in Arizona for a day on business and had a few hours to kill during lunch. I Googled "must eat places in Phoenix" and this place was mentioned amongst others.  It sounded very casual which was what I was looking for. When you think fusion, you normally think foods that are a like. Chinese and Mexican are not two cuisines you think of. Well, it doesn't matter what I think cus they make it work here. From the customer service to the cookie dessert it's a great hole in the wall. Upon entering I didn't know the ordering process. It was a bit of a doozy since you can get your meat in a burrito or quesadilla and they have quite a few selection of meat to choose from. When the server asked if this was my first time, obviously yes since I had a confused look on my face, he asked me if I liked spicy foods and asked if I wanted a sample. I am a human. I eat. I never say no to a sample. He gave me 6 samples. The very last one he however asked if I ate pork.  My first thought was who wouldn't eat such a delicious animal. Then as time passed I realized how considerate he was being. I am Asian and he thought to ask such a question. I thought that was extremely considerate. Anywho, he helped me pick out a great dish and filled my belly. Unfortunately, I never got his name so I can't singly give him praise. But, I know who you are so my belly thanks you for helping me pick out an awesome lunch bowl and being so considerate. P.S. - I'd give it an extra star for their mascot, Pancho Panda. What a magnificent beast.
5	First time here, it will most certainly not be my last. A good change from the norm with tasty entrees.
3	This is always a fun place to take the family and entertain some wild and crazy food options. Been coming here on and off since 1990 and not much has changed.The food served here is an interesting fusion of Asian and Mexican with some hints of Jamaica. You basically walk up and fill out your meal ticket and hand it to the person at the counter. They are always very helpful and will even give you a sample to try out.Normally order one of the spicy dishes. The Diablo Chicken and the Jaded Chicken or Pork are a couple of my favorites. I've probably tried everything once or twice and it is all interestingly good.This is not a fancy restaurant and the strip mall that it is in is a bit ghetto. Inside has a large sitting area and there is a huge TV playing for those who like watch while they eat. Football for me today.Come on over and get your groove on or check out their other Chandler location. It is much newer and not as dated as this location. Not everyone may like this place. It is surely a different spin on fast food and worth checking out. COOKIE!3.25 STARS
4	I tried the Red Jade Chicken with steamed rice. VERY delicious! I am looking forward to trying the flavored rice next time, but I wanted to try with a plain rice so I can really taste the entre. Oh and that sugar cinnamon cookie.. BOMB! I got gotten it to do, and ate the cookie before I even got home to eat the main dish haha I couldn't wait.Very good food, can't wait to try some of their other dishes one day!
1	Went to  Chino Bandito last week and have some complaints. First, I must say the service was excellent. Our first time and the guy working the tasting bins was awesome. Let us try everything we wanted and helped place our orders like a champ... But that's where the good times stopped. We took our order to go... It was a mistake.My girlfriend ordered the teriyaki chicken and white rice. Her bowl was put together sloppily and had little sauce to flavor the bland unseasoned chicken. The rice wasn't even warm when we made it the two blocks back to our apartment.I ordered a large or two meat bowl... I asked for the Jen Red pork and Pollo Diablo with pork fried rice and black beans. I didn't get any pork... Neither the Jen Red nor in the fried rice. I think I got the pollo diablo chicken, but it was mostly chopped green onion, loads of garlic, pepper seeds, and enough oil to leave a couple tablespoons in the bowl when all else was removed. There was also a cheese quesadilla in the bowl that I didn't order... There seemed to be twice as much white rice in my girlfriend's single bowl as I was given (on top of getting meatless pork fried rice). The half of the quesadilla that wasn't dripping in oil was good, according to my girlfriend... I ate most of what I was given, though my girlfriend told me it was a bad idea... She was right. I ended up with indigestion the likes of which I haven't experienced before. For the next 12-16 hours I was afraid I'd gotten food poisoning. After taking two zantac 150s, three alkaseltzer, and a handful of tums, I was able to sleep... Then awoke two or three times to rush to the bathroom.I know it was only our first time... But I'd be insane to return. After hearing about this restaurant and tasting all those great tasters, I was hoping to be a loyal consumer.
4	This was the second time that I've eaten their food but the first time I've been to their establishment. The first time, someone ordered from there and I just so happen to be there to pick off their leftovers.The boyfriend and I decided to try something new for lunch and we were in the area so we stopped by. It was around 2:45pm on a Saturday so it was crowded! Since it was my bf's first time we decided to wait to try the samples. Very nice guy let us try pretty much whatever we wanted. So we tried the Carnitas (a little dry but had great flavor) Jade chicken (which I'm told is very popular; equivilant to a spicy version of sweet and sour chicken) Emerald chicken (fresh tasting, not spicy at all) and finally the Jerk fried rice (right about of spice and tasty)We both decided to try different things so we can try them all! I ordered the combo plate with black beans, jerk fried rice, carnitas quesadilla and jade chicken. I believe he ordered the pollo diablo in a burrito, emerald chicken and refried beans with steamed rice. Everything was delicious and it was such a variety of food!I know this place has been around for quite sometime and the concept of the cuisine fusions works so well! My only complaint is that this place looks very dirty and dingy. I understand the term "hole in the wall" but at least move locations or clean up the place a bit. Other than that, great food!PS you get a cookie with each meal so try the Volcano cookie (brownie) and the Snickerdoodles (cinnamon sugar)
5	Always awsome. Good creative food thats a blend of Chinese and Mexican.  Fast friendly service. Will even give you a sample before you order.
5	I'm here weekly. Omnomnomnomnom!  Ahhhh.SO good. Go on the weekend to get oatmeal raisin or, hopefully, VOLCANO! cookie. Get extra #10 sauce when ordering the Emerald Chicken.
4	So far I've had their red jade chicken, emerald ginger chicken, pollo diablo, and egg foo yung. I enjoyed all the chicken dishes, but for me the emerald ginger chicken really stands out - very flavorful and the most Asian-tasting of what I've tried here. The egg foo yung is OK but I think I will skip that in my future visits. All the entrees go pretty well with the rice and beans that came the meals. Not spectacular fare but inexpensive, fast, flavorful, and filling - all that will draw me back for future visits, definitely.
4	Hits the spot when i need it to.  Been going for years!
5	I have been eating at Chino Bandido for over 15 years.  I have my favorite (Jerked Chicken) that I always order, but sometimes I will sample something else to mix it up. If you are new to them, ask for samples, it helps in ordering.  Don't let the exterior fool you, this is no dive.  The food is amazing.
4	I came here to Phoenix on a business trip.  My clients told me about a place that is a combination of chinese and mexican and I initially did not think the two went together.  But man, this place is amazing.  I order the chicken and rice with the spicy sauce.  It blew my mind away.  The plates kinda reminded me of when I went to Halal carts in NY. Easing to find parking, order came out quickly, and place had plenty of seats.This is my first time going or even hearing about a Chinese-Mexican.  Still blows my mind away.  lol
4	Walked over from the Embassy Suites North and was pleasantly surprised. It's not fancy. It's not expensive. It's simple and one-of-a-kind. The dude at the front let me sample. The jerk chicken has very good flavor, as does the jade chicken. I like the selection of rices. The snickerdoodle is not necessary, but tops of the meal nicely. Good value meal.
4	Where else can you get a side of black beans and egg Foo young with your hen grenade cheese quesedilla? Plate lickin good!
5	Went here for the first time. Thought I would give it a try I mean I am a chinese food fan and a mexican fan. So. What's the worst that could happen. The place is pretty non descript making me moderately question For a split second the quality of the establishment. But before I could bat an eyelash the service people there were fantastic and nice, just wonderful. Couple that with free samples of amazing food and we have a winner. (The fastest way to a mans heart they say). Now the food was in a realm of its own. The chicken was good quality it wasn't that 18lbs of breading crap some chinese restaurants claim to be actual meat. The black beans were also something that reminded me of home. But with a little extra zing. The jerk rice was fantastic with spices of asian flavor with Caribbean yummy ness. All things considered I ordered food. And more to go. SHOUT OUT TO THE EMERALD CHICKEN IN MY TOGO BOX RIGHT NOW. I'm gonna eat you. And I'm gonna love you.... Don't wince. It's gonna happen.... Nomnomnom
4	Nothing fancy about this neighborhood joint.  After reading the good reviews, decided to give it a try.  We looked over the menu for some time.  The staff asked if it was our first time.  Yes it was and he gave us a few samples to help the decision making.  I liked the taste of their emerald chicken.  It reminded me of a Chinese steamed chicken with tasty sauce.  Hubby ordered Jade chicken and jerk chicken.  He said both were good except the jerk chicken was neither Mexican nor Asian and very spicy.    Extra bonus for the large free Snickerdoodle or chocolate chip cookie with the meal. Good value for the $ and they bring your food to the table.
4	We went there after seeing that they were on DDD. Quite an unusual combo of food and flavors. The staff helped us with deciding what to order!  Everything was fabulous. The jerk chicken rice superb. Funny how we would have never put Chinese food in a quesadilla or burrito. Check it out.
3	Simple concept, lots of choices, pretty tasty and inexpensive food. We didn't know how to order and the staff was exceptionally nice and motivated. There was also a pretty decent beer selection. The free cookie was awesome!! I would have given another star if the dining room wasn't so disgustingly dirty. Please hire someone to bus tables and keep the floor swept. A dirty front, makes me believe theres a SUPER dirty back...
5	Amazing food in this dive! The samples sure do sell ya! This is my first time and won't be my last. The food has interesting (GREAT interesting) mixes of Asian and Mexican cuisines.Way to go Chino!
4	Love this place! Awesome lunch spot for at or under 10$. Jade red burro is bomb, if you're a newbie have them give you samples of the meat you're interested in and that way you can try before making a commitment. The only time people give me negative reviews is when they've never been there and take a shot at what to order. It's Chinese and Mexican; done right is great, done wrong is just weird..Side note, if management sees this and could relay it to the cooks, last time I was there  I had over half of my white rice harder than a rock. I'm assuming they scooped the edge on an old pan but come on.. No one wants hard rice in with their food. I get saving where you can but that's not acceptable.
4	Let me say first & foremost that the food at Chino's is fantastic & that you will be hard-pressed to find more bang for your buck considering the amount of yummy stuff you get for $9 (2 main dishes, sides of rice & beans, & a snickerdoodle cookie). The catch is that you have to keep reminding yourself of how good the food will be while you are waiting in line behind so many people that act like they have never been there before. You would think a bus full of Disneyland tourists just unloaded based how people act when they're trying to figure out what to order. Last night there was a group in front of me with two women, each with a spouse with big ideas on how to change the orders around, and one with a grandmother with a coupon who also wanted to split the tab in two. THIS WAS ALL IN THE SAME GROUP. Another patron in front of me asked the grandmother if they had been there before, and she happily replied, "yes, but it's been a long time." Maybe CB has added a few items recently, but I have coming been here for 5 years & have ordered the same favorites & the menu looks identical to me. I had ordered over the phone (highly recommend doing this), and I could see my order on the shelf with my name on it when I showed up 5 minutes later...that's how fast things can go if the tourists weren't holding everything up! I expected the place to be packed just before closing on a Saturday night, but it was only the troublesome group and one other patron and me in the line. At least when I got home and took a bite I remembered why CB was a good choice despite how confused the other customers get trying to place an order. :)
1	I tried this place for the first time today after seeing it on The Food Network some time ago. I have to say, the person working the sample counter was very helpful in explaining the ordering process. However, the food was not worth the money. I was seriously disappointed in the quality and quantity of it. I had the Jade Red chicken and it was very bland. The breading was too thick, the chicken stringy and odd tasting and hardly any sauce on the chicken itself. There also were no vegetables in sight. Not healthy at all. Like many other reviewers have also stated, the food goes right through you. I wanted to like this place, I really did. It is an interesting concept but falls way short. On a side note, my family was sitting under the ginormous TV and one of the other patrons decided to crank the TV volume way up. We couldn't hold a conversation after that and decided to just leave rather than complain to management. Overall, a very disappointing visit and I won't be going back.
4	Great food at a good price. My 2 friends and I tried a variety of dishes. I sampled them all. The Chinese was the best. The Mexican was good though the breading on the Chili Relleno was much to thick and covered up the taste of the Chili and the Cheese.It a great place to take your family when they can't decide on what to eat.At $7.50 for a combo plate you can't go wrong.Yes it's an odd combo but it works to satisfy your cravings.
4	Really enjoy this place. Actually forgot about it for a while and then remembered how awesome it is and went back again last night. Red jade chicken is great. Like to get half in quesadilla form and the rest with the beans and rice. Love the jerk fried rice. Portions are huge. The snickerdoodle cookie given with the meal makes my day. A great place to grab food to go in north Phoenix.
3	Service is pretty rude. They rush you when you fill out the paper and aren't very friendly. Not very welcoming. Portions were irregular as well. Not as good as the last times I visited and won't be back for a while.
5	As I gazed enviously at Guy Fieri shoveling in piles of freshly fried Chinese chicken and steaming hot beans and rice on Triple D, I knew I was sold on this place.  Traditionally, I haven't been the biggest fan of fusion cuisine.  However, there was something ultra-unique about the way Chino Bandido combined the culinary powerhouses of Latin, Asian, and Caribbean cuisine in a low-key, honest kind of way.  They don't try to alter recipes from each respective culture; rather, they simply make the recipes in their true form, and serve them alongside other ethnic cuisines.  So instead of coming up with some Frankenstein Mexican flavored orange chicken crud, they make bomb Chinese food, bomb Latin food, and bomb Caribbean food, and let you decide how you want to combine those dishes to make your meal.  The restaurant is located in a tired-looking strip mall in suburban north Phoenix.  The sign on the outside of the restaurant matter-of-factly states "Mexican Chinese Combos" as if it's something that is rather common.  Upon entrance, there is a gentleman off to the left behind a food station giving out samples of whatever menu item you wish to try.  Straight ahead is an open kitchen bustling with clanging woks and loud sizzling.  Off to the right, there are two rooms full of tables, a self-serve soda fountain, and a super cool panda statue wearing a sombrero.  I ordered a two item combo with the jade red chicken, pollo diablo, Cuban black beans, and jerk fried rice.  The jade red chicken comes in bite-sized, ultra crispy pieces smothered in a savory-sweet, tangy sauce.  The chicken is not all uniformly shaped like some Panda Express frozen takeout.  You can tell this chicken was cut by hand and freshly fried to a perfect crisp just for you.  The pollo diablo comes with a finely ground sprinkle of fresh chiles, and it has a very bright, clean jalepeno/serrano flavor.  The beans are well-seasoned with deep, earthy Latin spices, and the jerk fried rice is decidedly Caribbean, with fresh chopped green onions generously mixed throughout.  Bites of crispy, tangy chicken are perfectly countered with rich, creamy black beans covered in grated Mexican cheese.  The chicken is not oily or overly greasy at all.  I was also able to try the chile relleno, which is another must-order for me.  I would recommend the relleno for people who love fried foods, but I would advise against ordering it if you're fried-averse.  The relleno is essentially a huge green chili stuffed (I mean STUFFED) with melty cheese, dipped in a thick, crispy batter, and fried to a crisp.  It's about the size of a Pringles can, and it can probably feed the entire Cardinals offensive line.  A self-serve soda fountain, great customer service, and plenty of seating guarantee a stellar experience here.  I was a bit curious why all the meals are served in a take-out style aluminum bowl, but after eating here I now know why.  Let's just say you won't leave hungry.  Chino Bandido, you are probably my favorite restaurant on earth.  Open a location in LA please!
4	Fantastic synergy of Chinese & Latin American cuisine (merging the owners' worlds).  Build your own combinations, then choose to have it served in bowls/burritos or with quesadillas. The ordering process can take a few minutes to figure out but they're patient and offer free samples of the dishes and sauces to help you decide. The Emerald Chicken is a great example of their fusion menu. It's tender, skinless grilled chicken served with a light ginger green onion sauce. I chose to have it over Jerk Chicken Rice (Chinese-style fried rice w/ Jamaican Jerk Chicken & green onions... Yum!). You can also opt for plain white rice, yet trust me, the Jerk Chicken is bomb-lish-ish.Since I made my own 2-dish combo, got the famous Jade Chicken with it.  This is a lightly deep-fried chicken served with an Asian sweet sauce. I'm a fan of both these dishes. You also have your choice of beans. As per most people I know who eat here, the black beans win. Fantastic fusion food!  5 star food experience, yet I'm giving 4 starts since ambience is a part of the overall food experience when ordering out.
4	We come here often something different then the same old food expanded my belt lol good fast food
5	I absolutely cannot even begin to experts in woods how incredibly amazingly awesomely delicious this place is. I was looking for something different and flavorful, which can bed hard in my area of town. I found this place and I was in heaven. Not to mention the customer service is outstanding, it being my first time I had no idea what to get but they were patient and explained to me the various options.I recommend this place... for sure!!!
4	Delicious. Great meat options. A few veggie,  nothing vegan. Hot the spot with great taste and value after a long day hiking. Loved it!
2	First off the Service was excellent the food was also pretty tasty but I should have seen this coming what gives you diarrhea most the time Mexican food or Chinese food so maybe a mix of of two would cancel each other out right well I was wrong if your constipated I recommend the food  it will clear you out  it's not just me I grew up going to tj for tacos and San Diego's taco shops and never got sick but this place did me in maybe it's cause I came in late maybe just a bad batch of chicken I don't know I wont be be back though
1	I visted this restaurant several months ago after moving here from los angeles. I had heard good things from residents and from online reviews. Also it was conveniently right down the street from my place. I expected a lot because of all the hype but was immediately let down as soon as we walked in the restaurant.  It was dirty and run down. You would think with all the publicity this place get its would tidy up but nope, beedln to cleaner looking restaurants in south central la.Most importantly the food sucked so bad that I actually made yelp account to let people know that its bad. This is not authentic mexican nor is it Chinese food. The was dry the beans were canned, the carnitas were also dry.  So sad that I cant find good food out hete in phoenix.  To be honest if people like this restaurant then they just have never had authentic mexican or Chinese food in there life. Try for your self but be honest. Dont give it a review based on the hype or because you saw it on the food next work. Don't go on a day your are too hungry though, the disappointment will be greater.
2	I know this may be unpopular opinion, but I just never really liked Chino. The combo of the ingredients never sat well with me. I can never stomach it! I don't think I should have to mentally prepare myself to eat somewhere! Perhaps separately, the Chinese and Mexican food would do good, but for the price, I'm still not a fan.
5	Is it Mexican food? Chinese? Jamaican?! No one knows!!! Try this place! Don't know how someone put these two together, but man is it good stuff.Laid back atmosphere, (you'll be sitting on plastic chairs and dining on the finest "Lifetime" folding tables Costco can supply!) The food is freshly prepared and goes from mild to spicy! I usually get the jerk chicken, but last time...last time, I got the machaca. There's no going back now. It was on point and yes, a bit on the spicy side. Much spice. Very wow. So flavor.  I've been here 4 or 5 times now and I still don't know how to fill out their counter card. The staff is nice but they kinda just fill out your card to expedite the process and push you along. Just go with the flow and you'll be fine. Also, tried the watermelon tea last time. Delicious.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. It's a Mexican-Chinese fusion and makes me a feel like I'm eating something healthy. The quesadillas are fantastic too. Absolutely love the jerk chicken with the jerk fried rice. Make sure you ask for the chocolate cookie over the weekends.
5	Absolutely phenomenal!  The back beans are good enough to die for....seriously, they are that good.  Recommend the emerald chicken or the jerk chicken in a burrito or casa dia.  You will not be disappointed!
4	For me, this is comfort food. The flavors work so well together. I always get the black beans and jerk fried rice with any combination.
5	Love Chino! I am a really picky eater and don't do a lot of whole in the wall spots but Chino is by far one of my favorite chill spots to eat. I usually order to go though. I love the quesadilla, jerk chicken (or jerk fried rice), and black beans.
