5	I have been to over 3 dozen Chinese restaurants in Phoenix area, this is by far the best.  On par with some of the Chinese restaurants I've been to in NY and SF.  Reasonably priced, the food is first rate.  The service is wonderful, with the owner usually on site to add a personal touch to each and every table's meal.  The interior is nicely set up as well.  The only down side is it's location in a strip mall.
5	This place has excellent Chiense.  I'm not sure why, there is always only one or two tables filled when you go inside - it's good good eats though if you're looking for chiense!
2	The Dim Sum is too American. It's not good Dim Sum for real Chinese. There was another Jade Palace in Chandler. The brothers open the store in different places, but the quality is no good any more. It was once my favorite Chinese Restaurant.Please check out their Kitchen before order foods. See yourself.
4	They have a few different locations, all of which are very good.  I haven't gone wrong ordering anything on the menu.  Everything is fresh and very high quality.  Dinner can be expensive but the lunch specials are a steal.  Check out the coupons on restaurant.com if you want to save some $$$.
1	This was just OK. The service was decent, but my hot and sour soup was cold. Our Moo Shu Chicken was not that flavorful and just OK. I've had better steamed dumplings from Trader Joe's. Desert Jade in Central Phoenix is much better and less expensive. I felt this was very expensive for what you got. The inside was pretty and the service was nice, but I've had better food elsewhere. Just bleh, IMHO.
5	Make sure you don't order the americanized Chines food there since it only tastes soso. The authetic Chinese food is great.Don't order its lunch special. If you can read its Chinese menu (the one without English), you get some wonderful food there.
4	It is a serious, long-standing tradition in my family to seek out the best Chinese food possible when my parents and I visit my grandma in Arizona. My grandma never ceases her search to find restaurants that nearly perfect her shrimp-with-vegetables-in-a-garlicky-white-sauce request. Jade Palace, at 92nd and Shea, came pretty close tonight. She was one happy camper.Also of note: the hot and sour soup (steaming and peppery); the royal nest (shrimp, scallops, and veggies in a brown sweet garlic sauce); mu shu pork (the vegetables were fresh and crunchy, the plum sauce just sweet enough). The atmosphere is pleasant on the eyes, and also if you're eating with a friend with disabilities, they have a nice, convenient ramp up to the higher seating level. So why not five stars, you ask? I'm waiting to be seriously wooed by Chinese food. Otherwise, Jade Palace is a surefire good meal.
4	This place is amazing.  Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.  I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.  It's modern and Asian.  Went there with 2 friends and the food was great and the service was superb.  My friend loved it so much that she is going to bring her Mom on her next visit.The stir fry shrimp dish was wonderful with large shrimps.  The green bean was so delicious that I want to add it to my next Thanksgiving dinner.  I had a bit of trouble with the bones on the roast duck, but it was finger licking good.  The only miss for us that night was the pot sticker because we didn't like the thick wrapping though the fillings were quite tasty.I agreed with Nicole that most of the clientele are on the older side, but with the great food, service and reasonable pricing, I could care less how old the people at next table are.
4	"Upscale Chinese restaurant, excellent food, not-Chinese-food-cheap, but worth your money 4/5We were glad when we found out and tried out this restaurant in our neighborhood. Jade Palace is not your regular eat-and-out Chinese restaurant. It has more upscale ambiance, less Chinese/Asian eaters, more pricey than average BUT the food was fabulous. As a Chinese myself, I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any Chinese food lover. If you want dimsum, you need to go on Sunday (I believe around brunch time). The dimsum was good too, but I am more fond of its dishes with steam rice. YUM!
1	I am uphauled, I used to like this place until...............................................I went there with a few people and we started to have a good conversation with our waiter, he was nice and outgoing...A little too outgoing.He quickly shared wit us that they advertise as no MSG but they infact do use it . In all of the soups and dressings and sauces!!!!!If they blatenly lie about that what else do they do.Bad ethics, eith er use it and say you do which of course would lose lot of business or just take it out. I couldnt believe this, who can I report them to if you know?
3	Okay - so here's the skinny - the place looks questionable from the outside, but on the inside decor is tasteful enough to take someone out for a nice meal. While this is closer to the real asian dishes, it definitely still fell short of great chinese restaurants in SF. While the schezuan chicken lunch special seemed to be a popular choice for my compatriates, I thought it just passed mustard. Good, but not fabulous.As for me, I've tried the Chilean Sea Bass and all I thought was it was just salty and the sauce was not appopriate for such a delicate fish. If you're ever in SF, swing by Osha Thai and try their Chilean Sea Bass - it's a great example how the fish should be served up.However, comparably speaking, it's probably one of the better chinese restaurants in the area. Good luck with it.
2	You know-I went here with some friends because the friend had won a gift card in an auction.  First of all, we went at 7:30 on a Saturday, it was dead.  Not a good sign.  Ordered spicy calamari for appetizer, it was definetly the highlight of the meal.  Our waitress was nice, but seemed to be in a rush and was very hard to understand.  We ordered cripsy orange beef, steamed halibut and kung pao chicken.  Here is where it got disappointing.  The halibut honestly tasted like dishwater.  No flavor at all, and kind of gummy.  The kung pao was not spicy, and the cripsy orange beef is so much better at PF Changs it is pathetic.  Because it was my friends birthday, they brought us ice cream with balls of kim-chee fruit.  We all tasted it and were laughing about the way it looked (BALLS) of kim-chee.  ( I am sure I am spelling that wrong) But the waitress thought we liked it, so she brought us 2 balls of that gross fruit in a martini glass, on ice.  I do not need to elaborate about the jokes that followed-seriously, one of the funniest things I have ever seen.  Long story-but basically, go to Changs, better, and cheaper.
1	Stopped in for dim sum this Sunday afternoon. Picked up the following dishes: Chinese Broccoli-- best dish hereShrimp dumplings (not har gow)-- bland, wrapper was not done right  Rice noodles w/ shrimp-- wrapper was too thick, flavorless, sauce was also blahTofu w/ shrimp-- tofu was good, but shrimp stuffing left alot to be desired Sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves?-- overcooked, only had a big piece of dry pork  All of the dishes lacked flavor. Tried to make it more palatable with hot chili oil, but that was bland too. WTH?! Left very disappointed. $27 (pre-tip) is way overpriced for dim sum.. especially if it's low quality. Service was pretty good, but I would not return even though it's right by my house. Very disappointed!!!
4	Jade Palace reminds me of the East Coast Chinese food that I used to have.  The New York egg rolls are fantastic, and the duck sauce is an A+.  They used to have cold sesame noodles on the menu, which is one of my favorites and hard to find in Chinese restaurants here in AZ, but if you ask, they will make it for you.  The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is comfortable and very upscale.  The prices are moderate and the portions generous.  Their lunch specials are terrific!
4	If location were the only criteria, Jade Palace would get 10 stars.  Conveniently located next to Sweet Republic, Jade Palace offers the perfect opportunity to suggest Chinese for dinner, knowing you'll end up with heaven for dessert.  Probably 3.5 stars, but feeling generous today.I'm pretty sure this is why my husband suggested it.  But I had wanted to try it as well, and I'm glad we did.  Nicer inside than your average strip mall restaurant, I was surprised by the space.  Nothing too modern or contemporary here, but white tablecloths and candles on the table make for a nice atmosphere.  Our service was excellent as well.We started with crab puffs and BBQ ribs.  The crab puffs were a pleasant surprise in that you could actually taste...get ready for this...crab.  In contrast to the typical cream cheese with flecks of pink you usually get, which I confess to love.  The BBQ ribs were way too fatty  with very little meat.  I always go with the safe dishes and ordered lemon chicken.  I was expecting the usual chopped up chicken, dredged in batter, and swimming in sauce.  What I got was the actual chicken breast, sliced, with a delicate lemon sauce spooned over the top.  My husband ordered the crispy roast duck, bone in.  I didn't try it, but I could see that it was, indeed, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  He must have liked it because he ate no rice at all, and he loves rice, usually eats a pile of it.I'll let some of our Yelper's with more sophisticated palates argue that Jade is Americanized Chinese food.  For me, I'm a fan and will return next time I need a Sweet Republic fix.
5	I have been stopping by this establishment every week for the last 3 months. They are very kind and helpful. They are perfectly attentive to your needs and the food is wonderful.If you go at lunch you will be pleasantly surprised. They offer a lunch combo that starts you off with either egg drop soup or hot & sour. If you ask for wonton its available for a small upcharge. Then on to the wonton chips with spicy mustard and sweet sauce. Then you plate arrives with just the right sized entree, rice, egg roll and crab puff stuffed with actual crab! What a concept!Treat yourself, I do!!!!!!  By the way, all of that for under 10 bucks....
4	I have been coming to Jade Palace with my family for years. It is definitely one of the best Chinese Restaurants in North Scottsdale. The interior is very nicely decorated and the waitstaff is usually very attentive. I recommend Jade Palace for lunch because you can get a pretty large amount of food for a pretty small amount of cash. $8-10 will get you soup (the hot and sour is quite good), entree, egg roll, crab puff, as well as crispy won-ton to dip in mustard/sweet n sour sauce. A great deal! I know the owner here and he has always been very friendly, courteous, and eager to satisfy! There are several dishes that I would recommend, the first of which being the Sweet and Pungent Shrimp. This dish is cooked in an amazing sweet and spicy sauce, and the shrimp are lightly fried and crispy, served with broccoli, completely delicious! Another stand out is the Hot and Spicy Eggplant dish. If you like eggplant you will LOVE this dish! It is served in a spicy Szechuan sauce which is a perfect complement to the mild eggplant. Lastly I recommend the Szechuan Garlic Chicken. This is a dish that you can get at any chinese restaurant but Jade Palace makes it especially well. The Szechuan sauce is perfectly flavored and balanced. There are many other fine dishes here, but I would stay away from the General Tso's, it is the only dish I've had here that I didn't like (and I usually love this dish at other places). Enjoy!
4	My quest to find good chinese food in the east valley or Greater Phoenix for that matter has finally found a bright spot. I have tried 3-4 other chinese spots and had pretty much abandoned my search because nothing was even close to the quality I got in Chicago. But finally, on a recomendation from a friend, I gave this place a shot. Wow! it was actually good. In fact , the best I've had around here. Yes, decent Chinese food. I didn't venture far from standard dishes,however, as I sampled egg rolls, crab puffs, egg drop soup and cashew chicken. All were above average. I ordered to go, but the dinning room looked nice. I will be back to further explore the menu
4	I have been coming to Jade Palace for almost 8 years now and been doing a lot of take out too.  This restaurant has authentic Chinese food and my favorite is the healthy chicken dish with steamed vegetables.  They also have a great wonton soup and the bbq pork fried rice that is actually cooked twice is awesome!  My family loves it.  The service is good and Leon takes personal care of his customers' needs when he is around.  Lunch is great too with an affordable lunch menu.  Definitely a restaurant that may be added to your favorite list...
5	Best Chinese in Arizona hands down!
5	I have only eaten here once, but i cannot wait to go back! the service was phenomenal, the potstickers huge and delicious! the orange beef - just as good as a pf changs!  I had a restaurant.com coupon, purchased $10 gift card for .80 cents!  Highly recommend!
3	Actually this is a 3 1/4 star, not quite a 4. We went here today for lunch and everything was very tasty. Our waitress seemed to be a little distracted. There were two of us so I asked for two waters and two iced teas. We got two iced teas and one water. No biggie, we just asked them to bring another water later. Then my friend ordered brown rice with her lunch special, the waitress repeated it back to her, and yet her meal came out with fried rice (which is chock full of stuff that she is allergic to). Despite her error with the order, she didn't subtract anything even though it was obvious that my friend didn't have any of the fried rice and she brought the error to the waitress's attention when she decided to check in on us again 20 minutes later. Again, the food was very tasty but the service was lacking today.
2	Went to Jade's Palace last night since we have not been there in a while. I mainly go for the New York Egg Rolls. The service was not great since it took 30 minutes to get our wonton soup and then they didn't bring our egg rolls out until another 15 minutes later.  I ask to ask our waiter where our food was and when it finally came out 15 minutes after the egg rolls, they forgot to put cashews on our cashew chicken.  Food was decent, but didn't make up for the wait.  Not to mention we were the youngest people in the place given that everyone else was on medicare.
4	The moo shu pork and chicken fried rice at Jade Palace are amazing! By far my favorite place to eat chinese in AZ and if you like moo shu you will flip for it here.  Service was good, food amazing and I am already craving to eat there again next week!
3	Meh. Not my favorite chinese place in the world. Restaurant is a little nicer than it looks like from the outside, but the decor was a bit kitschy for me. Started with some crab puffs that were excellent, maybe the best I've had. Also the orange sauce that comes with the wontons was amazing. We ordered the orange chicken and chow fun noodles with beef. Orange chicken was ok, the chow fun was incredibly salty and the beef lacked any flavor at all. And to top it off, my wife's fortune cookie didn't have a fortune inside it :)We probably won't go back. It's just good, not great.
4	Jade Palace has always been my pick for Chinese cuisine. It is always consistantly delish. I tend to place orders for delivery and from the second they answer the phone with a smile (I hear it through the phone) and take my order. It always comes when they say it will and its always hot and fresh. The delivery man is also great. Always says hi to the dogs and always seems happy to be working. Its a refreshing thing to know that some people do take pride in their work.I would recommend Jade Palace to anyone who wants great food and great service.
1	Wow I regret the day I ever decided to go to jade palace one of the worst dinners I have ever had to start the service was terrible we sat there for 20 minutes and no water yet I could have got up myself and got it and they would have neverr noticed.  We got our appitizers the New York egg rolls, New York should file a lawsuit  against them for using thier name on this dish it was greasy and tasteless. Then we got our entree of hot Szechwan pork which was not only not spicy but amazingly bland, all flavor was gone I didn't think that was possible.  And we also had a couple shrimp dishes and besides also being bland almost all the food was overcooked all in all a very disappointing night, only one positive is that I will never have to eat their food again.
1	Please do yourself a favor and pass on this sterile generic pretend Chinese restaurant.  I have been throwing up ever since I got home.  I was poisoned by their old seafood.  To top off a totally forgetable experience, after I ordered and tried to eat my marginal meal, they wouldn't even honor my coupon.  I will never eat at this place again . . .once I get over my food poisoning.  I can honestly say, Ambiance = non-existent, food = poisoned me, service = a horrible.  Please please please go to somewhere where they don't try to kill you.
1	The menu was FULL of great choices, we settled on the war wonton soup (soggy noodles, VERY overcooked shrimp, sickly sweet broth), teriyaki chicken (bland, fatty & more skin than chicken), yang chow fried rice (greasy, very poor cuts of chicken & pork), and chicken fried rice (again, greasy and with lots of fatty chicken). The service wasn't very good and the pricing was more appropriate for a MUCH better meal.
5	REAL NY STYLE CHINESE FOOD HERE IN ARIZONA!!! FREE HOT TEA AND FRIED WON-TON SKINS LIKE BACK HOME! (BY REQUEST)I am from New Jersey and so are the owners.  They opened up shop here 1 year after I moved here (1998) and I was delighted i could get a real NY egg-roll and spare ribs in Arizona.  Their best dish i feel is the Szechuan Garlic Chicken (or shrimp).  Try it once and you may never try anything else on the menu it's that good!!  Taste's the same as the best of NYC.Their lunch specials are amazing.  Comes with soup, spring roll, crab puff, fried rice, hot tea (by request) all for a very low price.  Sunday is Dim Sum if you like dumplings.  This place NEVER disappoints and I bring work clients here from New York all the time.they all agree, REAL NY CHINESE FOOD!!!!
3	Stopped in here for lunch because I was craving Chinese food and Sweet Republic and killing two birds with one stone seemed like a great idea.For $10 i went with the Kung Pao Three Delicacies lunch special. The scallops, shrimp and beef came in a tasty sauce, served with an egg roll, crab puff and fried rice. THIS WAS A GREAT LUNCH, and totally killed the craving for decent Chinese food that had my stomach growling. I also tried the famous NY Style egg roll which was worth all the fuss.I am not saying that this is the best Chinese restaurant in AZ, but for what it is it's pretty darn good. I'd definitely stop by for lunch again anytime.
1	Poor service is putting it too kindly. In fact in this day and age, I can rightly fully say it was downright racism. They weren't even subtle about it. We walked in on a Friday night and they were fairly busy but we were seated within 10 minutes. However, it quickly went downhill from there.The server came by fairly quickly, but we still needed some time with the menu. But then, she decided not to come back.. even after we summoned her. And yet she had time to serve and make chit chat with the people at the tables around us. Then, after she *finally* came by and taking our orders, for another 15 minutes we never saw our drinks or anything else. So I asked her again for our drinks, after seeing her refill the glasses of several of our neighbors, she dismissed me with "he will get it for you when he is free" (pointing at the table busser). Now he clearly didn't get her message, as he was standing around looking for people to refill their water glasses. And so at that point, after more than three incidents of non-service, we just ditched the place. So you're wondering where the racism was? Bad service was bad service right? Well, when the Asian server in a Chinese Restaurant is diligently serving everyone else (who were all white) and just paying my table (2 Chinese Americans) lip service, well that just smacks of dining in the segregated deep south in the 60s.I hope one never has to experience that kind of treatment here or anywhere else. But you have to wonder... if they do this to someone, could they do this to you? Even if you've never gotten the same treatment, how would you feel about this establishment knowing that they discriminate?
3	Jade Palace has some pretty good chinese food and probably the best egg roll that I've ever had in Phoenix, the NY egg roll. My buddy and I stopped by for lunch not too long ago. The food was really good as far as AZ Chinese food goes. I had the garlic chicken lunch combo with lots of hot mustard and chili sauce. It was great! The prices for lunch were fairly standard, but I think the whole dish prices were a bit much when I think of grabbing some Chinese food. But, that my mindset so don't let that get in the way of trying this place. I will definitely be back to try more of the menu.
5	Yummy.....  Love the New York Egg rolls and the consistency of the food.  Unfortunately, I have not tried a lot on the menu, but everything so far has been great.
4	Much nicer inside than you might expect from the street.  Good service, and everyone in our party enjoyed their meal.  Those who ordered a spicy dish commented that it wasn't hot at all.  I liked all of the seafood choices on the menu.
5	This place is excellent! Their food is wonderful and authentic and they deliver very quickly. I highly recommend Jade's Palace!
3	Decent Chinese food in Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is cool, the service is good and the food is just decent.  The place is packed though, so people keep coming back.
5	This is my third visit to this restaurant and I really like the. The service was excellent, the restaurant has always been clean and the Kung Pao Chicken was delicious. I'm hooked and I highly recommend it. It is very nice inside, a good place to take a date...
4	By far the best Chinese in this area. Not only is sooo good but the food is always consistent. I always get the Sweet & Sour Chicken. YUM! And the Wonton Soup is good too however I wish they put more wonton noodles in it. The vegetarian spring rolls are the best! The crab puffs are also good.There food is by far better than Flo's. NO chewy fat on any of the meat at Jade Palace! And I know that every time I either order take out our dine it, its going to be great food!
5	It's the best Chinese food in the Valley. My family and I have been coming here for years and my boyfriend and I drove out here from east mesa so he could try it for the first time and he loved it! If you're anywhere near by, or not! you have to at least give this place a try. The wait staff was a little difficult to communicate with, but other than that, I really enjoy the food here!
5	Finally, New York Style Chinese food!!!  Being from NY I had a problem finding a Chinese restaurant like the great food I enjoyed back East.  Well, I was so happy to find the Jade Palace, I used to go to the one on Hayden but it closed but was happy to find this location on Shea - the atmosphere here is so much nicer.  The food is unreal,  we had the New York eggrolls (of course) I was blown away and taken right back to Manhattan in an instant, generously filled and crispy as they should be unlike many AZ restaurants I've tried that try to pass of f a spring roll as an eggroll (what is up with that?) LOL anyway, VERY YUMMY!   Also had the chicken and brocooli, sweet and sour chicken as well as spicy chinese eggplant - everything my family ordered was great, so much food we all ended up sharing and having food to take home - I can't wait to go back to this place - it's worth the drive from Gilbert to go to for dinner - I have a feeling everything on that menu is great but no matter when I go I plan to order more NY eggrolls - thank you Jade Palace!
5	NY'ers Get in your car and head here as fast as you can. Chinese is my ultimate fave food. I tried this place after hearing about it 4 years ago and haven't stopped going since. Yes its a hike from Arcadia, but who cares. Order the peking duck, egg-rolls and whatever else looks good to you. I eat here most Valentine's and Xmas. PEKING DUCK i love you! owner is cool as hell too. make a reservation b/c this place is packed whenever you go.
4	Jade Palace on Pinnacle Peak in North Scottsdale was my "go-to" Chinese place for years... so when I moved to Old Town, I felt a bit lost and haven't been able to find consistent Chinese nearby ever since.  I've recently found a few options in Phoenix, but after a recent take-out experience with friends and last night's meal dining in at this JP location, I think I may become a regular!We met my parents for dinner here, and everyone was pleased with the meal.  Service was spot-on, atmosphere was fine, drinks were cold and refilled often (the beers even came with chilled glasses), and most important, the food was fabulous!I took charge of the food order for our party of four but allowed everyone to chime in of course.  Here's what we had:Appetizers: *1 large order New York Egg Rolls (2 total egg rolls but we had them cut in half so each of us had a half... delicious!)*1 large order BBQ Spare Ribs (8 per order)Entrees:*Lo Mein Noodles with Shrimp and (extra) Broccoli*Dry Sauteed String Beans (1 small order)*House Specialty #9 (Kung Pao Three Delicacies) - Sea Scallops, Jumbo Prawns, and sliced Flank Steak in Kung Pao Sauce*Mu Shu Chicken Of course, this was all served with plenty of white rice as well.We ate almost everything, and the only negative I can say is that unfortunately, we didn't have leftovers to take home!  Another perk for this location? Sweet Republic is in the same shopping center, so if you save room, head over there for dessert!
4	Decent Chinese food. Mostly because the dishes don't have a can of mixed vegetables dumped on them like the dishes in a few of the Chinese restaurants I've been to in AZ. The sizzling sea bass and Peking duck were standouts for me. I'd definitely return.
3	This is a nice Chinese restaurant in terms of decor and style. I don't typically see Chinese restaurants like this around here and it's a nice change. Beautiful wallpaper, nice linen tables, plenty of tables and booths all with a casual atmosphere: 5 stars for atmosphere. However, the food is just okay and the service is nothing great. I ordered the New York eggroll and General Tso's chicken--pretty standard fare. The eggroll was fine but the chicken tasted like boneless wings in a Tso's sauce. It tasted cheap. The owner greeted us when we walked in and I commented how beautiful the place was, she asked me if it was our first time in and I said yes. You'd think this would mean they'd go out of their way to make sure our meal went well but nope, in fact I struggled to find reason to leave a standard tip (I did though, I always feel guilty if I don't). I was there for about an hour an never got a refill on my soft drink. Our original server came by once to take our order and after that it was 3-4 different people topping off my boyfriend's iced tea or dropping off dishes. I was going to ask but the servers disappeared super fast. The menu is general fare and I will probably go here again but won't get the General Tso's chicken. Certainly didn't live up to its Yelp! reputation. Maybe next time will be better. I still prefer New China Gate in South Scottsdale but it's far drive form where I live now.
4	Best Chinese take out I have ever had ! Very very pricey ! But absolutely worth it ! I have a few different things on there menu an all where great and good size portions ! The down sides are how pricey an that they charge 5 bucks extra for delivery and don't give that to there drivers also I wanted to substitute white rice for the fried rice and was willing to pay extra but they wouldn't budge at all on that !! So I ended up telling them to keep the white rice an I ordered a side of fried which was 7.95 a piece ... You would think they would compromise a little I spent over sixty bucks on take out ! But overall food was fantastic when it arrived to bad won't be able to afford to have it anytime soon !lol
2	I was very impressed with this restaurant upon entering the building.  It was a very nice and comfortable environment.  However the dining area we were sitting in must had horrible acoustics as there was one other family in the room who was incredibly loud I couldn't hear the person sitting across from me.  This did seem somewhat of an unusual event however as even the restaurant staff seemed happy to see them go.As for our meal, the flavor was perfect.  I thought that our two dishes had great taste and tender meats.  I also always do like enough sauce with our dishes so you can have some on your rice and its not dry and they did an excellent job.However our food was basically room temperature.  After notifying the server who took it back to the kitchen to be reheated they brought it back and it was still tepid at best.  My other complaint would be that the portion size was smaller in my opinion, and the price was a little steep in comparison.
4	Better than Flo's, PF Chiang's or Pe Wei!!!
5	Im surprised this place doesn't have a 5 star average rating. Food is by far the best chinese food in arizona, very cozy feel inside, the prices are unbelievabely reasonable for the type of food and service they provide. Owner is Leon that came up to our table a few times to check up on us and offer us a few shots of his tequila collection. He is very friendly and warm personality. We lovvvvve this place, everything is delicous!!!!!
5	**************Hai, (Yes, it's true). FIVE STARS****************This is the place for Traditional Chinese...........you'll love the menu.The dishes  ..........are not lacking in sauce. Each dishes sauce......is distinct from other entrees sauces.Portion size is very good.Everything tasted FRESH.The Wait Staff........is top notch.Unlike George & SonsThe Hot Tea is FREEAlso, Brown Rice is FREEAt George .........You'll pay $2 for each.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Jade Palace before!  My husband and I go there often and love it.  We've been living in the area for 5 years and Jade Palace was one of the first restaurants we found that we both really liked.  The inside of the restaurant is very nice, and we've always had really great service.  The food is top notch!  We've never had a bad meal there.My husband's absolutely favorite is the hot and sour soup, he is a total hot and sour soup snob and he loves this one.  I often stop there just to pick up a big container of it for him.  The crab rangoons are really good too, not greasy and lots of filling.  The General Tao's chicken is one of our favorites but the sauce is a little different than most Chinese restaurants.  I absolutely adore the mu shu chicken and anything in kung pao sauce is divine.   The fried rice is really delicious too; we always order it with beef.  My new favorite is the chow fun noodles house special (pork, chicken and shrimp.)  If you like lo mein try the chow fun for something different.  Its flat rice noodles.The lunch specials are really awesome too.  I think they range from about $7-$11, you get your choice of egg drop soup or hot and sour, a main entree, fried rice, a spring roll, and a crab rangoon.  We get a lot of takeout from Jade Palace and the takeout orders are huge.  They also deliver.Just a warning, anything marked spicy will NOT be spicy.  If you want it spicy ask them to make it extra hot.
4	Went there for lunch with friends. Chinese cook was on vacation to China so no dim sum. Bummer. Well, we chose a couple of entrees, orange chicken was very good, not soggy like some places but almost crispy. Very good. Sea bass was very tender. Liked the 4 seasons. Noodles were excellent.  Pretty much everything we tried was very good. Not sure about the price but seemed reasonable, especially considering the quality. Service was attentive without being over bearing. Very nice decor. Would recommend. Want to go back on a Sunday when the cook is back to try the dim sum.
3	We just ordered take-out from the Jade Palace last night, so the experience is fresh in my mind. The overall rating from us is 3.5 stars, taking in to account the food and service. Although we have dined in many times before, we decided to order a standard Chinese meal, sweet and sour chicken, with pork fried rice as a side---that was it. The chicken's breading tasted sort of stale to me although the meat itself was plentiful and tender. I thought the fried rice was so-so too, lacking in some seasoning and the onions were too crunchy for my liking, although it tends to be that way in fried rice. Overall, we give our food 3 stars.The service, as always, is very good. The "phone answerer" when I called was polite and efficient. When I ran in to the pick up the food, the chatty and attentive hostess double-checked the order and price for me without me having to ask. The place was packed, and I am glad that we got take-out this time.Just to share our experience with the food in recent past:  I thought the food quality was better for lunch rather than dinner. About a month ago, I had my usual lunch, the shrimp with vegetables that comes in a light and tasty garlic sauce with plump crab rangoon and my favorite, their hot and sour soup. I really like that soup; it's full of mushrooms and tofu and hits the spot as far as I am concerned. On this experience, I give their food normally 4 stars at lunch.Overall, this is a solid spot for food and service, nothing great or particularly poor, thus the 3.5 rating.
5	I love this place!! It's been a family favorite since we discovered it about 10 years ago. Haven't ordered one thing that I haven't enjoyed and the atmosphere is great. A little pricey for frequent visits, but it's definitely worth the splurge.. in our case, about 2-3 times/month. Yum!!
4	Have eaten at the Jade Palace several times this past winter. Always excellent service and food. It gets busy on the weekends so plan ahead.
3	Went to Jade Palace for the first time this past week.  I've got to explain the 3 stars because based on the food, it would probably be closer to 4, but our overall experience wasn't great - hence the 3.  A little background- the Hubs and I brought his Grandpa here for dinner.  His Gpa has Alzheimer's, so he needs help with the menu sometimes and definitely some patience.  Unfortunately, our waiter didn't offer either of these, which caused our dining experience to be a bit frustrating at the beginning.  Our waiter seemed abrasive and arrogant from the start, but it was only aggravated by the confusion during the ordering process.  For that reason alone, I take off some stars.The food itself was served very fast and it was quite good.  The Hubs and I shared the mongolian beef and fried rice with bbq pork.  I loved the rice!  The beef was also good, but there really wasn't a good ratio of beef to onions... there were SOOOO... many onions and not nearly enough beef.  Grandpa had the shrimp chow mien, which he wasn't pleased with.  I think it mostly had to do with him ordering the wrong thing, but it really didn't look too appetizing (I didn't try it though).So, I think the Hubs and I would go back despite this experience.  We don't have any other good Chinese places close by, so this would be a go-to spot for us.  The atmosphere is ok... we sat on the patio and there was live music next door for us to enjoy.  Inside is a bit out of date and stuffy, but the patio was nice.  Anyway, just my thoughts... I would certainly go back and recommend a friend to give it a try.
2	The meat quality is low - perhaps suitable for canning but not for serving at a restaurant. I do not eat here for this reason.
3	I ordered Shrimp with Lobster sauce as a takeout order.  They claim they make it NY style.  They did.  The taste was good but a little on the salty side.  I found the portion a little small for $13.50 plus tax.  I could not share it with anyone not because I was greedy but because it was not enough.  They did give me brown rice without an up charge though.  They need to figure out how to give their clients more for the money.
3	mediocre Chinese food, good service, reasonable prices, pretty restuarant.meh. wish the food was tastier!
4	Solid Chinese place good for either takeout or nice dine-in experience. The staff were all very nice and they seemed to know and take care of their return customers. The food is pretty tasty and reasonably priced. We had kung pao chicken and hot and sour soup. It's a great neighborhood spot and I will definitely return.
4	Better than most in AZ. It is so hard to find any good Chinese food here. I had a lovely evening At JP. Good food, good service, reasonable prices, great company.
5	This is as close to being in Chinatown as you are going to get.  Lived here for 22 years now and I am from back east and this is the only Chinese food I will eat.  Devlon and Leon know NY chinese food that is for sure!
2	Made reservations and were seated very quickly, The food is very good. However, we had an unexpected visitor. After finishing dinner we watched a cockroach crawl out from under a table and proceeded across the floor of the dining room. We pointed this out to a staff member who "stepped on" the roach and went to retrieve a napkin and plastic glove. Upon returning he picked up the deceased and disposed of it. We were shocked. The manager apologized and stated that although he has seen crickets, Never a cockroach? So, Meh. Think will skip this Palace of roaches.
2	Went here as part of a party of four. Service was slow, General Tso's chicken and orange chicken were burned, teriyaki chicken was too sweet. Will not be returning to this restaurant.
4	We love the food.  Dine in is much better than carry out or delivery.  They tend to skimp on the meat during 80% of the deliveries.  All in all its good food and would recommend it if your eating there vs carry out or delivery.
5	If you're young, you eat Chinese at Flo's.If you're older, you eat here.Jade doesn't salt the shit out of its menu like most other Chinese restaurants. You know how I know this?I'm not up half the night gulping water like some kind of African beast at a Serengeti watering hole....after a rain...in the summer...in the midst of a drought.Try the bbq egg foo yung. It's a triumph. The egg drop soup is extraordinarily flavorful with a velvety smooth texture and rich egg flavor. The other big clue how safe the food is fairly obvious....the place is littered with old people. And if there's one thing I know about old people it's this...They didn't get to be old by eating double double bacon mcrib cheeseburgers like it was their job. No sir.These geriatric oddities got to where they are by eating smart. Jade resembles smart, offering some of the best and most authentic Chinese around.Get there early though.Snowbirds are back in town and taking over these kinds of places like they belong to some kind of militant faction ready to rip society a new one.Pasty a-holes.
4	I chose this restaurant mostly based on the location for ease of getting there from Fountain Hills for somebody who had not been to Arizona before and it's closeness to Sweet Republic.  To get the minor details out of the way.  I was reminded why I prefer tables to booths.  The seating was uncomfortable.  The only  other item was my chopsticks were so warped they were useless and I should have asked for another pair but instead gave up and used my fork.We chose 3 entrees and all were good.  The serving size was appropriate for the target clientele.  If our group was 20 years younger we would have gone away hungry, as it was we ate about 90% of the food served. Now what brings the 4th star is the service.  No heat orange chicken with red chile sauce on the side for me: no problem, Plum sauce on the side for the Mu Shu: no problem, Pictures of the group: no problem.I have had this place bookmarked for some time and now I have been there it will remain on my list of places to go when I want a place to meet folks on the East side.
2	I decided to go to dinner with hubby at Jade Palace (Shea) after only having used their take-out service once.  I wanted their shrimp with lobster sauce since they make it like it is made in NY, with minced pork.  This gives it a very nice flavor.  I am going to resist the temptation to give them one star which is what would happen if it were hubby doing this rating.  I am fairer than he is , I think.  He says fair is a four letter word and begins with F and therefore has no place in restaurant ratings.  Anyway, we went on a Saturday night and the place was well patronized.  We waited for a table and were seated in a small table for two (that's OK) with NO lighting (not OK).  Every table to our right, (bar was to our left) had spotlights above their tables so they could see what they were eating.  My husband objected and since I didn't have a flashlight with me to provide us with light, we asked to be moved.  People around our table were giggling because they realized how dark our area was and clearly there would be no way to see our food while we ate.  In retrospect, I wondered why they sat us there.  Didn't they realize this or perhaps they just didn't care?  Now... at a new table, lit enough that we could see our food, we ordered.  One egg drop soup for hubby and one wonton soup for me to start.  The egg drop soup had been touted as having a "rich broth" by Yelper so I expected him to be super happy with his soup.  He said it was OK.  I tasted it and it was OK and needed salt or something to give it flavor.  As is tradition, hubby took some of the crunchy noodles that accompanied the soups.  As he took them in hand, he commented to me how oily his hands had become from touching them.  With that, he said they were too greasy to eat.  I agreed. I flagged down the waiter and ask if he could give us a fresh batch of noodles which would be less oily.  The waiter nodded and return with more noodles.  Just as greasy and basically inedible.  Not a happy camper.  Loves those noodles with his soup, but couldn't have it.  As an appetizer I also had a NY style egg roll.  This meant that the egg roll had all kinds of meats.  It was a good size and average tasting--nothing special.  Hubby's dish was General Tso's chicken.  Hubby described it as nothing special.  My shrimp and lobster sauce was good.  We had both dishes with brown rice.  What hubby objected to was paying premium prices for average or below average tasting food.  I noted that because of Scottsdale rents and having a nice decor and tablecloths, etc the prices are higher.  His attitude is that he doesn't eat decor or tablecloths, he eats food... and you know, he is right. We paid close to $50 for two people without drinks for mediocre Chinese food.  I must take a lesson from hubby,  eat the food, not the decor.   The food DEFINITELY needs improvement so I don't understand what the fascination is with this restaurant. Perhaps the pickings are slim in Scottsdale........
2	this was our second visit and again we don't  get it.  the food is not served hot!  the dishes have good flavors, but who wants to eat cold food?  we were treating guests at the first visit, and 4 out of 6 dinners were cold.  i thought perhaps with just two people it would fare better.  no, it did not.  the waitress took the dishes back to the kitchen to reheat.  unfortunately, when she brought back what she thought were hot meals, (they were slightly warm by the time they made it back to the table) she neglected to also get us new rice so that would be hot.  now we are left with putting lukewarm food on cold rice.  when we asked for hot rice, the waitress was happy to provide some---eventually.  she never told the manager there was a problem.  when i spoke to him on the way out,  i was met with a dismissive sorry about that and have a good night.  it is a nice looking restaurant with friendly waiters.  the tea was served steaming hot.  now if they could only do that with the rest of the dishes!
3	We decided to try Jade Palace as we would love to find a good Chinese place in our neighborhood.  JP  has a very nice ambience.  Their staff was friendly but, seemed to disappear on occasion.  Their food is just mediocre at best.  I think it is lacking in flavor as it seems to cater to a lot of old people who want their food unseasoned.  We used a LOT of chili oil to season it up.  We much prefer Desert Jade on Indian School (review coming)  I almost gave JP 2 stars based on the food but, the ambiance and friendly Staff pulled it up to 3.
2	We've ordered (most often for delivery) from Jade Palace several times a year. Sadly, with each order the quality seems to be missing the mark. The owners of Jade Palace are very supportive of our children's school, so it is very hard for me to write a derogatory review. Our order tonight ($70.00 - really HIGH) was edible, but tasted awful. Every item, shrimp, orange chicken, pot-stickers and especially the noodles were all greasy...very greasy. It was a very disappointing meal! Perhaps this was a fluke. But I have my doubts. Our last order was greasy too. Maybe your meal will be as good as we used to enjoy...several years ago. Jade Palace is worth at least one experience so you can make your own decision. We all have a different taste, particularly when it comes to oriental cuisine. :(
2	I don't know if this is the Arizona answer to Chinese food, but the food was blah.First, there were more garnishes than actual dish. Lots of water chestnuts, but not so much shrimp. Lots of peanuts, but very little mongolian beef. The brown rice was so hard, it was almost as if it was half-cooked. The chow fun was bland and uninspired. Nothing to write home about.
1	We been going to Jade Palace for years and have always loved their food.  We've found the Pinnacle Peak store to be a bit better overall than the Shea store, however, we were very disappointed in the Shea store after a take out order on 5/12/2013.  The quality of the food was not very good.  We ordered BBQ spare ribs...very little meat on the bones.  We ordered pork fried rice...very little pork and very little flavor.  We ordered shrimp in lobster sauce...very watery and little flavor.  We order orange chicken...very little chicken covered in bread, lots of fat and little flavor.Not sure if there is new ownership or if they were having a very off day....
5	Being a Jersey girl, I still can't grasp the fact that I need to get on the highway for chinese food but it's worth the journey. This has been the go to take out chinese food spot on xmas eve for years now but I've never been inside till last night. It's got a great atmosphere and the best chinese in town! Though i'm not a vego, chicken from restaurants usually freaks me out. For some reason I still went for two chicken dishes & I'll be real with you, they were both legit. My freshman year roommate, Roxy- a brooklynite even munched both dishes and gives it two thumbs up as well. GO TO DISHES: MUSHU CHICKEN (ASK FOR EXTRA SAUCE FOR SURE) CHICKEN LOMEIN If i could change one thing, it would be the NY egg rolls. If they were really NY egg rolls, they'd take the jews in consideration and have a non shellfish option here!
4	took the whole family here for grandpa's birthday, and they were SO great. The waitress made sure to get everything to us quickly. We shared the duck, orange peel beef, crab puffs and teriyaki chicken. very delicious. I also had my first ever Cosmopolitan which the owner came over and asked how it was. I will tell you, it was great. For dessert they brought him ice cream with hot fudge and candles, and sang to him in Chinese. so cute. A little pricey, but a great meal.
4	Having grown up on the north side of Chicago and having family that traveled the Orient, I'll tell you straight-up, it's a challenge to find "true" Chinese food in AZ.  That said, Jade Palace remains at the top of my list!  I've tried almost every Asian restaurant within 10 miles of here, and while JP is not as trendy or well-known as some (side-eye to Flo's and a family of "sons"), IMO, it's definitely the BEST!!!  My current fave dish is the Terriyaki Chicken. Super tender, sweet, and delicious!  Also the Pork or Chicken -Fried Rice and/or Mushu Pork.  Lettuce Wraps are also fantastic as is their Egg Drop Soup!!!  Simple-type recipes and simply delicious!
1	In short way of telling how's my experience it was less than par. I ordered yang chow fried rice and I think panda express is better than this joint. It was a take out and when I get to open it I don't have anything to use to eat my order. I called back and she told me I did not ask wow. The shrimp was not fresh it smells.
5	Hands down the best Chinese in Arizona. Food is fantastic but is a little pricey. Always leave with a happy. Great service and clean decor
5	Awesome lunch specials and great ambiance. My husband and I dined here after an appointment near by and we were pleasantly surprised! Good size portions, amazing service, and tasty Chinese food. We had the general tso's chicken, shrimp with black bean sauce, egg drop soup, fried rice and spring rolls. We will be coming back soon for sure!
5	I love this place! We went here for Christmas dinner 2012  and my dad's birthday (Aug. 3). There is usually a wait so get there early. It is a nice Chinese restaurant and their Cashew Chicken is where it's at! Definitely give Jade Palace a visit!
5	The food is certainly not authentic Chinese but that doesn't mean it's not delicious. This was one of the best restaurant experiences I have had. The service was spot on. The server visually checked on us every five minutes or so and offered complimentary dessert at the end. Everything was perfectly cooked. All of the vegetables had the perfect amount of crunch to them and the meat was soft and tender. Try the Double Dragon. It was perfectly cooked -- and just melted in my mouth.
4	not an authentic chinese cuisine but still good. the fried rice wasnt the best.overall experience was good.hot and sour soup was yummy, and the crab puffs too.
4	The best thing about the Kung Pao dishes here are that they don't contain fifty-percent zucchini like at most places I've been to.  The water chestnuts, baby corn, sliced carrots, and the right amount of peanuts are the perfect mixture with the meat that is provided in the dish,  especially the Kung Pao trio.  The won tons have a tiny bit of oiliness that says "this was made with the mildest and lightest oil possible to accomdate the light and crispy texture.  The servers are kind and quick and the interior has a humble ambiance accompanied by just the right amount of air conditioning to make for a relaxing and comfortable experience.
4	Just went here for the first time and i was very impressed with the interior decor.Inviting and more upscale......i felt welcome the second i opened the door.The service was good and the food was delicious.The only negative is the price but again.... You're in scottsdaleEntree's are 12.99 or so and everything else is alacarte,We spent a total of 50 bucks for 2 entrees, 1drink, 1 coke , small fried rice, tipHaving said that, if i lived close by i would order take out and save a bunch.
4	Traditional Xmas Eve dinner with the fam. Fresh food and attentive, helpful service. Highly recommended.
2	The restroom at this restaurant is really nasty dirty . They did remodel the place a while back and you can tell, but it's just not clean at all. They try to present a high class Chinese restaurant in the dining room, but if the restroom is so dirty , it makes you think how nasty is the kitchen.
2	The comments on the age of the clientele may be on the money. After all, my parents love to eat here and mom uses a walker now, and hers was not the only walker in the dining roomI've been coming to this place with them since I was in high school, and I graduated over 25 years ago, so that will give you an idea of how long this place has been around. The food on my last visit was not up to snuff. Every dish we ordered came out cold and the lo mein was overly greasy.Yes, it's Americanized and you have to ask for chopsticks. You're in Scottsdale. Consider who lives around here. They're cooking for the neighborhood. Jade Palace is comfort food. You're not going to reach culinary heights, but you'll get dishes you know and love.I just wish they didn't let them sit at the pass so long that they all came out cold.
5	The interior looks great, cozy. The restaurant has the best authentic roast crispy duck that I have eaten since I came to America. The meat was so juicy, the skin is thin and crispy. I call crispy duck every single time I go to Chinese restaurants (if they have it), so I think my judge is pretty accurate. Try it one time, that how it's supposed to taste like in Asia
2	It's pretty tough to find decent Chinese in Scottsdale.  Jade Palace is an ok option if you have a serious craving for Chinese, but rarely will you think "Gee, let's go to Jade Palace to get some quality food".The food is mediocre at best.  Nothing really stands out on the menu.  I've been a handful of times because it's so close to where I live...each time I get something different hoping for the best.  Each time I walked away thinking I should have spent my money elsewhere.If considering Jade Palace, ask yourself this:Do I have a serious craving for Chinese that wont go away if I eat anything else?  Do I live within 5 minutes of Jade Palace?  Do I like dining with people who average 85 years old?If yes, go.  Otherwise move on...
5	This is the best Chinese food in Scottsdale.Excellent hot n sour soup.Excellent pork fried riceVery good beef and vegetables.The only improvement would be if they had outdoor seating.
4	I was born and raised in the Phoenix area and I always laugh when people make comments about the "quality of Chinese food" here. Are you kidding? At this moment there are more people of Chinese descent in the San Francisco airport than in the entire State of Arizona. You aren't going to find the same food here as you will find in places like San Francisco and Vancouver. It's simply not going to happen. But, if you've got a taste for Americanized Chinese food, this is a good choice.  I'm confused by the ageism demonstrated in some of these reviews.  I haven't noticed that a lot of old people eat here, probably because I don't care.  Heck, I'd rather be surrounded by people my parent's age than a restaurant full of young children with noodles hanging out of their mouth.I've always had consistently good service and good food at this restaurant.  I'm certain you can find better Chinese food in San Francisco, but Jade Palace is much closer.
5	this may be the best chinese food in the valley like ny. great ribs,wonton, mongolian beef anshrimps/lobster sauce with fried rice/my favorite and house  chow fun
4	To start off with, all the reviews about the age of the crowd here are ridiculous! God help you all when you are older! I truly hope you are treated as disrespectfully as you give. Want to avoid the "older" crowd? Don't go at the "early bird" time. Idiots. Food was really good, we ordered to go after reading reviews as I didn't think I could be nice to people who were being disrespectful of the "older" crowd. The New York style egg roll was to die for. I haven't had a good egg roll since I was in China. Street food over there is to die for! We ordered fried rice, which we really enjoyed as it wasn't a sodium overload like a lot of places. The chicken and broccoli was also very good. It is a really solid place, I would go back. I am just truly disgusted with other reviews to be honest. Yelp needs to clean house.
4	We did take out dinner today for the first time from this place.  We had previously been to a couple of other Chinese food places and had been disappointed.  The food was really nice.  The heart and sour soup is the bestwe have ever had.  The rest of the food was above average
4	Great lunch menu. A big fan of the NY Egg Rolls.
5	Yum this place is awesome. They bring you a nice pot of Asian tea upon request. The food itself is really tasty. I got the Kung pao three comes with shrimp, scallops, and steal. All of it was great
2	We had take out here once and the food was very over priced,  meet friends there yesterday at their request and the food is okay but the prices are real expensive especially since the food portions are really small.  Everything is a la carte, you do not get soup and an egg roll with your entrees.  The chicken chow mein is really good and the same way they make it back east.  The dinner portion is very very small and comes with a very small bowl of rice white or brown.  They will not substitute fried rice and they only bring out the chips when you order either a soup or a entree.  We had to asked the waiter who I think was the owner more than 5x for chips.  The wor won ton soup really does not have any flavor and is a bit salty.  Very expensive for the amount of food you get...plus it is very  very cold in the restaurant and they would not lower the a/c. I had to put a sweater on and wished I had gloves...if you want less expensive good Chinese food with large portions try Qwik Chinese Bistro on 92nd & Via Linda which is where we wanted to go but they are now closed on Monday.   The food is just ok, nothing to write home about and the portions are really small they will not fill you up.
4	Authentic Chinese food.I wouldn't know it from cold, boiled weasel. But here's what I do know.The slop they serve up as Asian at most chains is about as authentic as Sasha Grey's onscreen orgasms. (Unless we're talkin Slut Puppies 2, her crowning glory).Not Jade.Jade serves up food that's on par (or at least close) with The Empress of China, one of my favorite San Francisco haunts.That's why Jade is on my bi-monthly rotation during season, switching to weekly when the snowbirds have gone back to where-the-fuck-ever.Last night was yet another great experience.Fast friendly service, great tasting food, and well-prepared cocktails.We even got to visit with the owner, who was auspiciously holding court as he lit from table to table...his upbeat demeanor forcing smiles from even the most curmudgeonly of patrons.My go-to dish is the House Special Egg Foo Yung which is served with a medium-sized ramekin of brown gravy. A must for any aspiring redneck / gravy aficionado.It's twelve bucks and worth every cent.IMPORTANT WARNING:If you're Italian with a federal RICO warrant for your arrest, or, like to pay with counterfeit money, stay the hell away from here. The owner explained how in his eighteen years in the business, he got his first fake twenties recently which means the FBI is probably now watching the place.Isn't that special.
2	First time ordering from here and was not satisfied with the food.  The take out containers were not marked with contents and the moo shu pork smelled like seafood as well as  the pan fried noodles were overcooked (nice way of saying burnt)  Will not order from here again
4	We've been to the Jade Palace at Scottsdale/Pinnacle Peak a number of times but always for lunch.  This was our first visit to this location and our first dinner at Jade Palace.Our party of four shared the Four Seasons, Mongolian Beef, lo mein with shrimp and Cashew Chicken.  The dishes came with a big bowl of white rice and another bowl of brown rice.  If these four dishes are representative of the rest of the menu then you should be happy with anything you order.The service was very good and the prices were reasonable ($17/person).  The three major Asian restaurants in my part of the world are Jade Palace, Flo's and PF Changs.  I'd rate them exactly in that order.Will we be back - Shi (that's yes in Chinese - I looked it up).
4	I got delivery from Jade Palace and the delivery time was reasonable (about 40 minutes at 7:00 on a Friday night), and the food was pretty good. The egg rolls and wonton soup were great. The Singapore noodles were also very good but their "very spicy" isn't very spicy.The only issue that I had was that I asked for the noodles to not have onion, but they did...All and all it's pretty good Chinese delivery.
4	It feels as if we've eaten in Jade Palace a zillion times over the years and have always had a great time. The food is very good, boarding on excellent. While the wait staff can be both inattentive and on top of you during the same visit. LOL But we keep coming back because it feels like home. It also reminds us of all those other great white table cloth Chinese restaurants we've eaten in over the years. We arrived around 7 on a Friday night and Jade Palace was full swing, with a few tables just being bused. Lucky us! The wait was less than five minutes. We were able to be seated at a booth off to the side. It had both the advantages of being intimate, as well as tucked away and out of sight. We sat for long period before we were able to flag down the owners son. But we hardly noticed since we were having such a great conversation. We were also fortunate on this visit to order off menu that delicious dish of Cold Noodles with Sesame Sauce.  It was a reasonable $9.95, and a old favorite of mine. Sadly I couldn't make the same deal to get some Sichuan Won-Tons. Oh well, the Fried Pot Stickers for $5.95 were very good substitute!Our appetizers were complemented by some Plum wine and LI Ice Tea.  My friend Marvin loves this place and so do we. http://www.yelp.com/biz/jade-palace-scottsdale-2?hrid=RRwVjbbyGOQSFkDY8VfAmAFor our entrees, we ordered the yummy General Tso's Chicken for $13.95 and the equally delicious Pork Lo Mein for $10.50. Both came with that individually prepared, layered taste that Jade is known for. We've eaten both here and the Jade up on Pinnacle Peak, but this is our favorite location. Our bill came to just over $30 per person, including drinks and we left feeling well satisfied with this exquisite Chinese meal. An energetic Four and half Stars, and yes we are most definitely Fans. Enjoy!!
4	I have been to both Jade Palaces - the one at Pinnacle Peak and the one at Shea. Both locations are well-run; have delicious dishes; and impeccable service.  With so many dishes to choose from, it is perfect that they make it easy to share dishes among one's table-mates.   The service is unobtrusive but present at all times. The restaurants are clean, neat, classically designed. They are not noisy so conversation at one's table is actually possible for everyone without yelling over the music or din. the food is authentic but at a high cost. A "Lo Mein" typically costs around $7 but it is almost $14 here!
1	Despite specifying what i wanted and confirming they could make it i ended up with "chicken chow mein" american style made with spaghetti noodles swimming in soy sauce with no vegetables even though i asked twice. A step up from panda express. Save your $$$.
5	Best Chinese food I've ever had. Great service. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food. We had hot and sour soup, chicken fried rice, beef with broccoli, teriyaki chicken and sweet and sour chicken. It was all very delicious.
5	Love the food here! First time in and not disappointed. We had the lettuce wraps and the peking duck pancakes and a chicken fried rice. The peking duck was amazing.  I haven't found anywhere in AZ yet that does this and its something I have craved from the uk for so long. Our waiter was really helpful and attentive. I will definitely be making this a regular for chinese food.
4	Beautiful atmosphere, high-class presentation, fantastic service, generous portions, great food.  Came here with some work colleagues for dinner and had a very lovely time - I would absolutely come back!
2	We have been fans of jade place for over 10 years. The BBQ ribs have been our favorite chinese ribs and they crispy chips and duck sauce have been a favorite as well. Today was very disappointing. The ribs tasted as if they were nuked. The chicken egg foo young was bland as was the Mongolian beef. The quality was not what we have been used to.
4	So i'm new to Scottsdale, well not new, but i recently got a job here so i'm here on a daily basis now. So instead of your normal franchises, my goal is to try new establishments. I wanted some chicken fried rice and found that Jade Palace had good reviews so i went in. It's a really nice spot, very modern. Staff was very helpful and i was seated very quickly. I ordered a large spicy fried rice (it was a lot of food, i'm pretty sure i would have been full with the small) and everything was good. Except there was A LOT of oil at the bottom of the plate. That was the only thing i did not like, but if i'm ever craving chines food again, i will definitely go back. They also have good lunch specials.
5	OMG! The best Chinese I ever had! Great General Tso's chicken!!! My sons loved your hot and sour soup! Yumo!!!!
4	There were 5 of us for lunch.  Our table was ready with our reservation and we were promptly seated.  The first course was fried won tons which were delicious.  They brought 2 plates out, with hot mustand and sweet sauce.  We all got the combination plate and mine was hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, spring roll, fried rice and beef, shrimp and scallops in a brown sauce.  The food was delicious and reasonably priced.  We stayed for a long time at the table talking and were not rushed out of the restaurant.
4	Pretty good for Scottsdale Chinese food. Got delivery as well and they were quite quick, delivering 15 minutes earlier than expected! Got the house lo mien, pepper steak and home style bean curd. Pretty good compared to the other places around here and we had plenty of food for leftovers.
4	Delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and the food is better than your average strip mall Chinese place. We had the Egg Rolls which were big, like mini burritos; crab puffs, which were stuffed full of yummy stuffing and not tiny either; cashew chicken, which was tender and juicy and flavorful; and general Tso, which was crisp and full of fresh veggies. The service was fast and friendly as well. The only ding I would say is the prices, which are a buck or two more than what I'd say is average, but they gotta pay Scottsdale rent, so it is what it is. That wouldn't stop me from coming back though, and it shouldn't let you either,
5	Food was great.  Have always had good luck at this place, and there wonton soup is was delicious!
5	One of my favorite places for Chinese food! Service is great,  food is delicious, place is neat. Definitely recommend. Coworker and I go almost every week for lunch. Prices are reasonable too.
3	Great food
4	This place has been around at least as long as I lived in Arizona but never had a chance to try until the other day.  Why did I wait over 10 years?Nice upscale ambiance. I like all the decor they had. We went without reservation thinking who would eat Chinese food on Christmas Eve? I was wrong. I was told to wait 20-30 mins.  Fortunately wait wasn't too long and we were seated at nice comfy booth.Service was good. We waited for our food a bit longer than we are used to at any other Chinese restaurants but this place was busy.Food was very good. Orange crispy chicken was spicy and good. Fried tofu with brown sauce became really good after I added some hot oil.There are many more items on the menu I wanted to try, so I will be back soon. Next time I won't wait 10+ years.
5	Stopped in here for Christmas Dinner and it was fantastic! Yes the line was long but James took great care of us the entire time we were there.The food was flavorful and greatly portioned. The beef dish I ordered was delish and made for great leftovers. Crab Puffs are the real deal not the usual "Krab" pufs that over-fried cream cheese and the egg drop soup was FANTASTIC! Some of us needed a bit more spice and they brought out a nice assortment of two spice toppings not just a bottle oft sauce that put an extra punch into the already great meal.The bar pours were on point, servers were fast and friendly despite the Christmas chaos.I'll be back again!
2	After going to the Jade Palace and enjoying their in house service for years I must write that their take-away leaves much to be desired. We ordered the dinner size of Gran Marnier Shrimp, which is excellent, to take-away and much to our displeasure found that the portion was smaller than their Lunch size. Someone is not watching the kitchen and thus the service is spotty and you don't find out until you home what you got. If you want to eat their food go to the place and don't play Russian roulette with their take-away.
4	Service was great and food was fast and delicious.General Tsos chicken was great but but spicy as it is marked on menu.
5	I have driven past this place for years but didn't see it. Tried it today for the first time. If you like really good Chinese food you must eat here. Very nice atmosphere. Excellent service. Some of the best Chinese food we've ever had. Egg Foo young was outstanding. Sizzling beef and scallops was outstanding. Drinks were excellent. My new favorite Chinese restaurant.
2	Food was excellent, minus the hair which was not mine I found on my last bite. Gross!!!!! Lip stick stain on water glass, gross. The table next to us had a guy who sat in some kind of sauce and wearing khaki pants. Quite an off night for a place people rave about. Not sure if I'll be back anytime soon.
1	Is it possible to give it a lower star? My family decided to do Chinese take out on Christmas Day.  5 days prior I called to see what their process was for placing a take out order. I specifically asked if submitting my take out order would help with their holiday rush. They said it would definitely help and I proceeded to collect our family's order and call them back later that day with details. Christmas Day had arrived and we had planned on picking the order up at 5:00. Grandma moo moo was very worried we might be late so we arrived at 4:40 just to be safe. We went inside the already VERY busy restaurant and gave them our name. They said it would be up in a few minutes and asked us to pay right away so we didn't have to worry about paying once we got our food.  The following is a breakdown of our full experience. 4:40pm: Pay and told it would only be a few minutes. 4:55pm: Overhear a woman beginning to raise her voice to the hostess only to find they told her a table would be ready in 10 minutes and she had been waiting for 65 already. 5:00pm: start seeing various take out orders appear from the kitchen. Grandma moo moo asks each time if they are for us.  Nope.  Overhear a man yelling about how it's crap he pays then is told nothing for another hour after his food was said to be up. Do not feel optimistic about the experience ahead. 5:15pm: Learn from a little girl who had been waiting 45 minutes for a reservation they had made for 4:30 that the fish in the fish tank is called a puffer fish.  Cool....now where the heck is the take out food. Moo moo is going to start worrying about Grandpa being at the house with guests showing off his toy trains for this long. 5:30pm: Man wearing bright patterned fleece PJ pants and fluffy slippers comes in for his 5:30 take out pick up.  He does not seem pleased when he is told it isn't ready. 5:45pm: Pretty funny to see a grown man in public sitting at the bar in fleece pj pants and fluffy slippers drinking a beer.  6:00pm: Realize the other people around us haven't gotten their food yet either and ask how early they ordered. 3 days was one reply and 2 days was the other. 6:10pm: Mr. 3 days early starts getting mad explaining he has 16 people at home waiting for food that was for pick up at 4:45. He demands a discount and they give him coupons for his next visit....sorry but based on his angry red face I don't think there will be a next time.  PJ pants and fluffy slippers is on his second beer. 6:15pm: Grandma moo moo and I text the family and ask them if a gas station chicken would be good. Drum up some support when we throw in we could also pick up slushies.  Proceed to ask if they could check on our order and see the gal walk away and avoid us as best she can when she returns. No answer received. 6:20pm: Mr. 3 days gets his food while apologizing to wife for 3rd time about delay, "No honey, I didn't get lost they really were running this late!"  Poor guy. 6:22pm: The food has arrived!!!  Pj pants and fluffy slippers is on beer number 4 I think. 6:23pm: Mr. 2 days asks if he can buy our take out for double the price since he's sick of being pestered by his super hungry family back at the house. Moo moo declines. 6:33pm: arrive back at Moo Moos where upon arrival my Grandfather welcomes her with big hugs and lots of concern as it's not often they are apart that long.  We can hear the toy trains are still going strong in the den where he had the rest of the family watching while they waited for food.  Family seems so pleased about the food they don't mention the exciting model train display. I trust it was awesome. 6:35pm: Realize we are missing one whole order of veggies and the extra rice we had requested. Oh well too hungry to care anymore.  Sucks for my vegetarian aunt though.  7:00pm: After woofing down food faster than I have in a long time, I proceed to finish it all off with my fortune cookie. 7:01pm: Cookie reads: "Your honesty will take you far."  Ha....me maybe but I don't think it will be helping the Jade Palace much. Next year - we are trying a different spot. What a mess.
