5	The Garden Grill is located inside the Circus Circus Hotel & Casino on the promenade level. The appearance is simple but that is not what you are there for. Their off the charts menu items include cuisines ranging from Mexican, American, Chinese and Italian. The portions are more then enough that 1 plate can fill (2) people...no joke!The restaurant closes at 2AM however the bar remains open 24hrs a day. Get a to go cup of margaritas and head back to your room at 4AM.....LOL!I loved the piled high Southwest Club with applewood bacon, turkey, ham, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, avocados. They even smothered chipotle mayonnaise on the toasted wheat bread. Another suggestion would be the Cubano sandwich with roast pork, baked ham, swiss cheese and a dill pickle...then grilled all together.
3	Recipe for the Rose Garden Hard Float:root beer schnappskahluadark creme de cacaothree scoops of vanillaThis is the only thing worth getting here, although I wish I had known the bar here was always open.  It would have totally given me the liquid nerve to knock the crap out of more than one timeshare solicitor.
1	I am so sad that I just arrived to Las Vegas and went to this place! the food was soo bad it saddened me.  Dinner in Las Vegas should be amazing and since I was only staying for one night this was my only dinner!! Ok well right upon looking at the menu of this place I realized this would definitely be a frowned upon meal.  I got the appetizer tower sampler thing because I figured I would get something to snack upon and just eat at a better restaurnt later. Wings sucked, onion rings sucked, potato skins really sucked. the dish came with popcorn out of all thiings. everything tasted like it was previouskly frozen and just heated up, but even still it wasnlt even hot! my parents got a burger (mega double cheeseburger) and sandwhich(california club). the burger looked disgustingly cheesy and greasy and the sandwhich was fine but I wasn't excited to try either. my sister got the clam chowder in bread bowl which was probably the best thing. it probably came out of a can but it was creamy and there were abundant pieces of stuff so not bad, can or no can.  my sisters and I kept thinking "one star on yelp! one star on yelp" the food was really salty too, we saw some other table's order and I swear the chicken pot pie they serve is marie callender's frozen one. someone payed $11.50 for that. On the ONE upside our waitress was really nice.  The food sucked horribly, is in a bad location and scarred me for life.  Please only eat here if you legs are broken and you're right in front of this place...but even still call for delivery or something. Sorry for the brutality garden grill!
4	We arrived in vegas at 11pm and wanted something to eat because we were super hungry and had to drive from orange county all the way to vegas which took 5 hours because of stupid traffic! So we decided to go here since we saw the sign in the elevator which showed the 12.99 prime rib dinner which came with greens, soup or salad, and mashed or baked potato. We were imediately seated. My cousin and i ordered the prime rib and my sister ordered a burger. The prime rib was actually really good, mine had a lot of fat though (i don't know why i always get the fattiest piece! It's like they want to kill me) Anyway when we finished our meal our waiter came and asked us if we wanted another piece....i was like "what? 0_o" and he was like "it's all you can eat prime rib would you like another piece?" me: "no lol i'm soo freaken full!"ALL YOU CAN EAT PRIME RIB FOR 12.99 that's a crazy deal for those that can eat more than one, well it's a deal already for the meal i got that's 12.99 anyway lol. Definately will come back again one day when i'm in vegas again
1	I was with 7 other people - 6 people got the prime rib for 12.99, there was also one kids meal and one appetizer tower.  Good: The salads and desserts were good, as was the service, and the quesadilla appetizer.Bad: Prime rib was dry and overall sub-par (tasted like it had been frozen for a long time)Margaritas had no distinguishable alcoholAppetizers: onion rings, popcorn chicken, chicken wings, potato skins were terrible (probably frozen)Don't eat here - spend your money elsewhere! It's pricey and the food is disappointing.
4	prime rib for $12.99, had to come here and try it out. the prime rib itself was pretty tasty, the sides not so much. friend ordered a burger that came with a side of fries, which was pretty tasty! service was good, too bad they're only open for dinner. would definitely come back here for this deal again when im in this part of  Vegas.
4	We were drawn to the all-you-can-eat prime rib dinner for $12.99.  The first round was surprisingly good.  Decent-sized pieces cooked as ordered (med rare means med rare)!  A little fatty, but with all-you-can-eat, it's not like it mattered.  Came with sides, too (potatos/fries, salad, bread), but we all know that's just filler.Second round:  I was more amused than annoyed that the quality went down.  Really, what do you expect?  The steaks were half the thickness and seemed micro-waved rather than grilled.  These steaks were more the standard I was expecting for the $12.99 a-y-c-e Circus Circus place.  Bet the boys wished they hadn't played Steak with their 1st round.  I was done after 2 prime ribs, but I'd say it was worth it.  If you want your prime rib brought to you non-stop, this place is worth a visit.
2	Our service here was so slow, we thought we'd never eat. There was also confusion on the waiter's part about our orders. At least we sat somewhere away from the crowds.
2	This place is located in Circus Circus hotel and casino. It's near the Adventure dome, but just keep walking down a little more. It's right next to an casino area that's different from the main casino you would find downstairs of circus circus. The drinks were good here. The alcoholic drinks i mean. The food wasn't that great, but they were edible. The staff was friendly. Nothing much I can say about them.
1	Everything was fantastic...EXCEPT THE SERVICE. I'm usually a pretty patient person (especially if I'm on vacation, and I'm not in a rush to go anywhere)...but when I'm sitting for an hour waiting for a server to come take our order...and I'm FAMISHED, that's when I draw the line. Yes...eventually someone came, and we were served delicious food...but that was just a horrible horrible wait.My friends and I also decided to give it another go...but after the hostess spent about 10 minutes being invisible, we left to another place. What restaurant doesn't pick up phone calls when they aren't busy AT ALL?HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service. What a shame.
3	For $12.99, they offer an All You Can Eat Prime Rib deal. At first, I didn't believe my dad because I thought we were gonna eat at the steak house in Circus Circus, NOT Garden Grill. Plus, no where on the menu does it state its all you can eat, but we did ask the waitress and YES, for $12.99 you have all you can eat prime rib.So as for the food quality, it was actually pretty good. Prime Rib is hard to cook for most places I visit. For me, I prefer Medium-rare for my meats and this place cooked it just right. THAT, or it wasn't cooked enough? Some places just even over cook medium rare. So I was pretty impressed. As for the sides, I got mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. After devouring everything on my plate, I had asked for another slice. So keep in mind, they bring out another slice of meat that is tiny and that's it ( as in no sides included). It makes sense, you'd probably get filled up with the first slice. As for the service, I was NOT very impressed. The waitress was not very attentive. My mom also simply asked if there was soup or salad and so we asked if it was included. The bus person asked the waitress and she came back over and we asked her, "so is it included" and she said "yes" and asked what we had wanted. Her facial expression was just not very friendly, and she seemed a tad impatient. Also, it took a while for her to come around and ask if things were alright and to also refill our waters. Overall, I give this place really a 2.5/3 stars. For the price and the first round, the prime rib was decent. As for the second round and service, it brought down their score. Would I recommend this place for friends staying in Vegas? Well, I would sort of recommend this place, ONLY if you were staying at Circus Circus or near the the end of the main strip. Other then that, I wouldn't bother as you have many other places to check out with better services. But remember, you get what you pay for. Great price for the Prime Rib but not great for the service. Happy eating.
3	I've only been for the happy hours -- definitely worthwhile.  $2 for a frozen margarita or a bloody mary or a bottle of tecate or shrimp cocktail or chips and salsa.  Tip well with the first frozen margarita and the alcohol content will increase on the next one.  Salsa was pleasantly spicy but chips too salty.
3	Inside Circus Circus, the hotel has a lot of happy hour special prices. $2 for chips and salsa, $2 shrimp cocktail, $2 margaritas, $2 bloody marys. An okay atmosphere and option if you want to eat inside this hotel, however I would not go out of my way to eat here. More or less a works if you're in the area and hungry.
3	Doesn't offer the all you can eat prime rib as of end of august.However there is enough on the single order to satisfy the average person.
4	not bad at all. there was 20 in our party and the waiter took good care of us. i was surprised. we had the all you can eat prime rib for $14.99. i didn't expect great things but they proved me wrong! it was actually good! it came with green beans and mashed potatoes. the meat was tender and flavorful and it was consistent when we asked for more. keep in mind it's not lawrys prime rib but if your in the mood it's completely worth it
2	Place is meh.  I give it 2.5 star.  About the same as hometown buffet quality.$15.99 All-you-can-eat BBQ pork rib: 2 stars.Comes with corn & french fries as sides.Rib was too soft, sauce not caramelized. I didn't really like it at all.$14.99 All-you-can-eat Prime rib: 3 stars.Comes with green beans and mashed potatoes as sides.prime rib was decent.  order that instead.
4	I think it is 15 dollars for all you can eat prime rib. It is not listed on their menu, but they did put huge banners advertising it all over Circus Circus. Their prime rib is well made and uses good cuts of meat.  It is juicy, tender, and full of flavor. Prime rib comes with au jus dip with tastes great.  Customer service is fast, efficient, and friendly. They are open to 11 am and located on the promenade level in Circus Circus hotel and casino. They offer good value. I was pretty happy with my visit. The chocolate fudge vanilla ice cream desert is pretty good.
1	Worst food paired with mediocre service.  All you can eat prime rib smelled, was pre-cooked with dried up surface.  To top all that, the whole family got sick for 3 days.  Whatever you do, stay away from this place,  McDonnalds and crispy cream are just around the corner and offer much healthier food ;-(.
4	So, where can you eat for cheap in Vegas? The Garden Grill in Circus Circus!!!Found this place while flipping through one of the Vegas magazines while there last February. My husband wanted prime rib, and the ad for ALL YOU CAN EAT prime rib caught my eye. We headed over there on a Thursday night around 5:30 and was seated immediately. We decided to order the $10 pitcher of margarita (strawberry or lime, and only blended, it comes from a machine) and the buffalo wings ($9.50 for 7 wings and no comparison to WingStop!) for an appetizer. In hindsight, we shouldn't have ordered the buffalo wings, since we were trying to stuff our faces with ALL YOU CAN EAT prime rib :) We ordered the prime rib dinner for $15.99 and it came with really yummy steamed string beans and garlic mash potatoes. The side dishes are NOT interchangeable, but it is what it is :) It was yummy. The first prime rib we ordered was THICK and HUGE and very well cooked. The crust was deliciously cooked, and the center was moist. (Hubs and I both ordered medium rare). The au jus was yummy, but the creamy horseradish was not as spicy as we would have liked. It didn't clear my sinuses at all! We ordered a second helping, but the second slice was not as thick, but it was still juicy and delish. The waitress that we had said that we couldn't get "refills" on the side dishes... bummer. Tax and tip totaled $60. We loved it so much that we went a second night :) This time it was on Saturday night. The restaurant doors opened at 5pm for dinner, and there were quite a few people already in line. We were able to get in, and order our dinner pretty quickly, since we knew what we wanted :) We passed this time on any drinks and just ordered water since we didn't finish the pitcher of margarita the previous time, and the sodas were $5! I think for a regular glass of margarita it was $5. Not too shabby, but still we were going for cheap this time around. This time, the waiter that we had gave us an option to get refills on our side dishes. For our second helping, he brought us a brand new dish filled with sides and a nice helping of prime rib. Round three was the same thin slice of prime rib, but it was still yummers :)Tax and tip for TWO ALL YOU CAN EAT prime rib dinners: $37 Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas :)
2	We had the all you can eat BBQ ribs for $15.99.  The sides were corn, corn bread and mashed potatoes.  The ribs tasted like they were old and just kept warm over the weekend, with a cheap BBQ sauce straight from a jar.  No grilled flavor at all.   I specically asked if one of the veggies were green and the waiter said yes, veggies are included.  I don't think he understood what we asked.   Hubby finally just returned his and got a salad, I wish I would have also. The $10 margarita pitcher was nice.
2	On saturday evening and hungry me and my girl decided to go here because I wanted to try their prime rib all you can eat for $14.99.  We got there, seated immediately, ordered a couple waters due to the soft drinks were $3.50 each,  Im not cheap but when you think of 2 sodas for $7. bucks, screw that lol.  So I got the prime rib, order came out about 20 mins later,  the first slice was pretty thick and cooked decently how I wanted it (medium rare).  My girl ordered the lasagna which was a special that day for $7.99 which is not even on the menu.  I took pics of both, see pics.  The horse radish sauce was ok, not great, the au jus was mediocore as well.  The first slice of prime rib was pretty good and tasty,  after chowing that down, I had to wait about another ten mins before my second one came out( which was thinner). When it did, it wasn't good at all and they dont give you new au jus or horse radish even when I was clearly done with them and needed more.  So I chowed down the 2nd slice with ease.  Got another and final 3rd slice about 7-8 mins after that was same size and 2nd slice and ate it.  The mashed potato side was pretty good considering there was no gravy that comes with it.  My girl didnt finish the lasagna, she didnt like it very much she said.  I will not come here again, tried it, do not recommend..
1	I had the "glazed" salmon, and my friend got the giant stuffed baked potato, ostensibly topped with "steak". It's been hours and I still can't get the nasty fish taste out of my mouth. My ten year old nephew (whose standards are low) made a face when he tried the steak and my friend couldn't eat more than a bite of the baked potato. In all:  horrible. The "steak" had an off flavor and the texture of rubber. The fish appeared to have been microwaved and the glaze ladled on, which is nothing like what the description or photo described.   Also, the long island iced tea I got was acceptable but my friends margarita on the rocks was all salt and sour mix and undrinkable. I wanted to and wish I had spoken to people in line as I left to tell them to go anywhere else.
3	My wife, daughter and I had dinner at the Garden Grill this evening.  We had a coupon:  Buy one meal, get the second half price.  We got this coupon upon check in and it did not include the $15.99 all you can eat Prime Rib or BBQ Ribs deal.I ordered the 12 oz New York Steak.  My wife ordered the 12 oz Prime Rib, and my 9 year old daughter ordered the crustless PB&J with fries.  We also ordered a $10 pitcher of frozen margaritas.First the bad news about this place:  Both cuts of meat were ordered medium rare and both cuts of meat were overcooked. My steak was medium to medium well.  The prime rib was medium.  Also, I think tequila was involved in the making of the frozen margaritas, but I'm not really sure.The good news about this place:  Both cuts of meat were of good quality and were flavorful  even though overcooked.  The veggies and potatoes were also good.  My daughter scarfed down the PB&J and declared it good.  Also the service was good, although I thought it odd that different people brought drinks and food.  Probably a union thing.Price with tax and tip:  $63.00.Would I eat here again?  Maybe.  I'm not really sure.  If I do go back, I'll have a more precise conversation about the level of  cooking on the meat.
3	Eeehhhh, this restaurant isn't all that great. Pretty cheap in my opinion which gave this rating an A-OK 3 star rating. Me and the wifey ordered a 3 tower sampler which was more than enough to fill us up. The sampler consisted of chili cheese fries (top plate tower), 3 wing flavored chicken wings, mozzarella sticks, and popcorn shrimp (middle tower), onion rings and a cheese quesadilla (bottom tower). As you can see it was more than plenty of food. What I didn't like about the food was the taste, first off the chili cheese fries was just to much for me to handle after eating everything else on the plate so it wasn't very satisfying to eat when I was already getting full. The chicken wings were alright, flavor-wise the honey bbq was just flat out gross. The popcorn shrimp tasted like frozen food that was just quickly fried (something you just whip up after buying it frozen at a local grocery market). The mozzarella sticks were just old regular cheese sticks, nothing to fancy about those. Onion rings were huge but flavorless, and the cheese quesadilla was probably the best thing out of all of e'm and that too didn't taste as great as it probably would of with chicken or beef in it.All in all, service wasn't that great either. Took forever for us to get our check, but not like he was being mean to us or it was packed, it just took long for no apparent reason. Thank goodness the food was cheap other-wise this place would get a 2 star for it's food and service.
4	I'm so confused.  There are two listings on Yelp for this place.  The only difference is the phone number. I don''t think this place is as horrible as others rate it to be.  It made my whole family really happy.We all had the 15.99 Prime Rib and it was delicious.  It comes with peas and mashed potatoe on the side as well, but you can request to not have them and just focus on the rib. I love my ribs medium rare and it came out so soft, tender, and juicy.  The following two to three we ordered came out horrible though.  It was dry and overcooked.  When we asked for an exchange, it still tasted bad.I guess a) they messed up at the end or b) they just give you the really good ones for your first dish and give you the older leftovers for the following.Its good value for money esp. if you're already at Circus Circus already.  Our waitress really could care less how many plates she bought out for us.The poor people who work there must be numb at the end of the day.  The plate itself felt like a boulder! EEK!
4	I couldn't decide whether this place deserved three or four stars. If this restaurant were located somewhere else, I would probably give it three stars, but because it is in Vegas, the prices are especially decent. We stopped by this restaurant twice, the second time traveling from the Excalibur by taxi to get here because of the favorable experience on our first visit. What is remarkable about the Garden Grill, is that they have an all you can eat prime rib or ribs plate for only $15. My wife and I both got the prime rib, so it is difficult to comment on their other dishes, but the prime rib was good. It wasn't great, but it was much better than what you'll find in the buffets. The only downside is that after your first piece, the pieces go from large to rather thin, though I suppose I can understand that, as I'm sure they figure that after the first slice, people will be more likely to get full and leave waste. That issue is mitigated because the service there was very good, and the waitress is on top of things. All in all, a good place to eat for a good price. In Vegas, that good price seems great compared to the surrounding alternatives.
2	Meh, not what I would call fine dining. Forgettable at best.
2	I was hungry after checking into Circus Circus.  All you can eat pork ribs or prime rib option sounded good.  After one plate of ribs, I was full.  The prime rib seemed okay.  The server was barely there.  I just wanted to call it a day at this place and finish my hunger with some gambling.
1	All you can eat prime rib for $15.99 Yeah cheap but do not expect to get the 2nd plate. You will hardly find the waitress when you need them to get your 2nd serve. They will give you attitude so you will feel bad to order your second one. Food serve in cold. They will embarrass you if you order your 3rd plate. (I saw it happen to customer next to my table). DO NOT get Trap by their cheap price!!!! Not worth of the money at all.
5	I have had prime rib from different places and this place really just hooks it up...Taste is perfect,potion wow!and price a DEAL! The mashed potatoes are sooo good very buttery with a good garlic taste and the green beans not over cooked or under cooked just perfect...The Margarita i had was yummmmmmmy! the price was just right.The service was good,the speed of when we got our food was perfect...Check it out,if you like prime rib...When i head to Vegas this is where i always stop...
1	What can i say about this?All i can say is good food but bad serviceThe waiters werent even smiling and they rarely came to refill all the drinks.
4	I had not planned to stay at Circus Circus, but do to Cheap tickets snafu here I am at Circus Circus. On a fixed budget had to find where to eat good and cheap, the garden grill has a special everyday of youre choice Prime rib or pork ribs all you can eat for 15.99. The prime rib was to die for and I ate there very night, drinks way too expensive thier house cabernet is 5.00 a glass but is not very good, 10.95 for a martini? and it would be different if they poured a real martini not a half shot teaser. Also spent sometime at slots of fun before dinner doing the 2.50 draft Bud Light. All in all I enjoyed the Garden Grill it was clean and the service was very good and the food was great, I would eat here everytime I come to Vegas at least one night from now on.
1	we couldn't understand the hostess, our table was dirty and sticky, our server was in a terrible mood, it took forever to get our shake but it was tasty. almost ten mins later we finally got our food and then or soda after. food was terrible... it's a "burger bar" but the burgers were gross, greasy, overcooked, and tasteless! So we asked for the manager and got nothing but attitude, she finally showed up 15 mins later.  She was nice enough and zeroed our bill finally. At least we got a good shake... happy anniversary to us, what a nightmare!
4	I honestly didn't expect to like it here, but it was actually very good! Ya gotta love a place that has all you can eat prime rib right? Didn't order that, but according to my brother, it was bomb. Now I shared the Garden Grill Tower with 2 other people. Honestly that sucker was so huge we probably could have shared with 2-3 more people. It comes with chili cheese fries, quesadillas with salsa guac and sour cream, popcorn shrimp, chicken wings, mozzarella sticks and onion wings! Geeez. I know all bad and all carbs, but fuck you I was on vacay so sue me. Anyways everything was really good! You're probably thinking that those foods are kind of no-brainers and to an extent, you're right. However, you walk a fine line with foods like those. So many establishments cross over into the "tastes like it came from a 7-Eleven" level and makes you wanna stop eating after the first bite. But here, everything tasted fresh, crispy texture, nothing soggy.Would definitely come back again.
5	First time at Circus Circus casino and I have to say, it was much better than expected. The Garden Grill advertises in the elevators and I had to say...their burger poster with onion rings called me in. So this place has a big "sit down" restaurant area and a smaller "Burger Bar" area with a fully stocked bar. We sat in the much more casual bar area where my son and I both had some absolutely juicy and delicious burgers! Usually my son will eat fries first but he barely touched them since his burger was much more delicious than he expected. I had the fiesta burger and onion rings...Delish! Service was ok...seemed a lil confusing with one only dealing with beverages and the other took our orders and they were definitely not on the same page. Orders taken, food out within 10-15 minutes but I still waited for my margarita. Margarita on the rocks not all that. The Rock & Rita bar on the casino floord had much better ones. The good thing was that since they did delay on getting my drink, they offered me a to go cup to enjoy my drink. Food outweighs the service and if you go on a slow part of the day, not a big deal...but i can understand on a busy day how it might ruin your meal. Good deal for two burger meals, soda and a cocktail for appx. $25. Will come here again.
3	16.99 all you can eat prime rib.  The prime rips were great but every new plate I would get would come out smaller and skimpier.  I guess theres always a catch when something's to good to be true.  Cause of that I made them bring me out 4 plates of prime rib!  Definetly got my money's worth.
1	After being scared away from Rock & Rita's, we ended up at this place, which was, if nothing else, quieter.I'll start by saying that the hostess and our server were both lovely and they're really what earned the single star, because they were sweet, but the food was just horrible.I ordered a simple grilled cheese sandwich. I asked the server if it was processed cheese, or "real" cheese in the sandwich and he had no idea what I was talking about. I tried to clarify by saying, "Is it like Kraft single slices, or deli cheese?" He said it was "good". This really should have been a sign and I could probably fault the waiter for this, since you SHOULD know what you're serving, but he was so sweet, I couldn't be mad!My husband ordered a hot dog of sorts.I asked if there was a way to substitute fries for a salad. There was not, but the server hooked me up and brought me a salad anyway (no charge). I asked for sweet potato fries with the sandwich.Of course, my sandwich was made with plasticy, processed cheese, that was melted to the point of Cheeze-Wiz and was inedible. I took one bite of the sandwich and couldn't do another. I got regular fries, instead of sweet potato (didn't bother complaining, because I got the free salad, so whatever...like I said, nice server!) My husband's food was fine, although nothing special. They were good with the refills of our drinks.Anyway, as nice as the servers were, it wasn't good. I would avoid eating here if I could.
4	Staff was great. The primerib was omg Great. I had it two days in a row.
4	All you can eat Prime Rib was DELICIOUS!!!!!!  My son-in-law almost shut them down, he is not a big guy but he can PACK!!!!
3	I ate here 2 times, while staying at the Circus. The first time I got their bbq special. If I can remember correctly it was 17.99. Well worth it. It was good. I got ribs, chicken, corn bread, corn, and a bit more. Second time I got fish and chips! It was also a good dish. I figured I couldn't go wrong with fish N chips. Definitely give this place a go. Customer service is usually good.
1	It's 3 AM Monday morning, and I'm still suffering from the food poisoning I got from Garden Grill Saturday night. Not only that, the food wasn't even halfway decent. I had the beef ribs- they were uninspiring at best. Hardly any sauce on them, but even a tub of sauce wouldn't have changed the fact that the ribs themselves were bad. My digestive system despises you, Garden Grill.
2	Don't botherNo alcohol in the drinks and lame diner type food that was not too good.Bad choice considering all the choices in Las Vegas.
2	The prime rip was ok - 30 minutes waiting time not - working on the friendliness could also be better.
2	There is no more prime rib. According to the waitress, they changed menu three months ago. It's now a burger and hotdog joint. $7.99 burger doesn't even come with fries.
3	I occasionally attend a stamp show at circus circus and like to catch a beer here after walking around.  The beers are cheap.  Yesterday I tried the wings for the first time and they are very tasty.  My buddy and I ordered parmesan garlic, hickory, and buffalo and they were very decent wings at $1 a piece.Not a bad place to catch a beer and some okay bar food and stay out of the kiddies way.
2	Came here for dinner b/c we arrived at the hotel late and we were too lazy to go anywhere else. Mushroom Swiss burger - This was actually pretty decent but a tad on the small side. Fish Sandwich - Ugh. This was virtually inedible. The fish was fried waay past crispy, bordering on rock hard. Disgusting. Overall, don't come here unless you really have no other place to eat.
1	We were looking for some dinner at 10pm.  There weren't a ton of options, but when we stumbled on this place, we were excited.  Oh my were we wrong.  We ordered the boneless wings and and chef's salad.  The salad was decent.  The wings were pathetic.  They were not chicken breast or any sort of noticeable chicken part at all.  They were simply breaded sponge.  I would have been more happy with a plate of McNuggets.  It was not cheap either.  Avoid this place...
5	A group of 20 came here with my husband and I for his birthday celebration a night before going out.  The service was amazing! A waitress who I wish I got her name helped us out and she was awesome ! She opened the back are just for our party and left it closed just for us . We were away from the front with all the crowd we felt special. The food was great everyone enjoyed their meals. Our waitress even helped me out with getting a candle and brownie cake to sing for my husbands bday. I can't wait to go back!!!
5	large pizza and bourbon bbq wings! yum!! it was delicious :-) our girls loved it aswell
2	I wouldn't return to this place. Even though our waiter was very nice our drinks were only refilled once! They no longer have the all you can eat prime rib either. My husband and I both got the prime rib $16.99 dinner and we never got our soup or salad. The prime rib wasn't very good and the kids Mac n cheese looked like it was just heated up. Not worth the price!
1	Spent $26 for a Bacon Cheeseburger with fries/sodaAlso ordered 8 wings, 4 hot and 4 molasses Bbq.The wings were essentially fried with no seasonings and then drenched in mediocre sauce. Huge disappointment since they looked so tasty on the pic. They were not finished.The burger was bleh, I ate almost half. I ordered it medium, I received instead a huge overcooked and unseasoned patty, with tasteless cheddar and old red onions. Fries were yuck, I mean how do you mess up fries? Well they did.The soda was the best thing we ordered.Do not come here of your expecting a good meal.
4	Had the Sir Loin here and it was really good. I love how the tender and juicy mean has that fine taste. I never had this kind of sirloin so I guess I am amazed by the taste of it. The rib here was also good, it was perfectly grilled.They will even make you more comfortable on your first time by attending to all of your need. I left like I'm a queen when I was here. Yes, we were treated very well, that's how wonderful the experience I had in this place.Good food and Good Service.
3	Bummer that this place doesn't open until 4 pm. Would be a good place to catch a game on a Saturday afternoon or Sunday morning. We came to this place because when you are drunk, all the pictures of food look so pretty as you're walking throughout the casino and they make you hungry. At 1 am, WHEN ITS NOT OPEN. Not cool Circus Circus, not cool! LOL. So we had to wait. Until 4 pm. When we were no longer drunk, but very, very buzzed. And I will be perfectly honest. They were some pretty decent wings. A little pricey as far as wings are concerned, but still well worth it. They are a little over a buck a wing and get a little cheaper the more you order. We ordered a platter of 30 to share between 4 people and opted for the Garlic Parmesan, Spicy Buffalo and the not so spicy Chipotle Citrus Barbeque flavored wings. Wings were big, and nicely cooked. Not overly sauced. Could have eaten about 30 of them myself. Everybody else said the same thing. In this case, the pictures did do them justice because they tasted and looked as good as they did in the pictures, so now we know that it just wasn't the booze playing tricks on us and we'd definitely go back to eat wings should we choose to stay or visit someone with a room at the Circus Circus.The only negative for this visit was the Sangria. I should have know it wasn't going to be that great when I saw the bartender pouring a bottle of a burgundy liquid into the blender and then adding shots to it. No fruit in it, and no flavor. Tasted like a watered down red wine (if someone was to put ice cubes in a glass of wine) and just wasn't yummy at all.
