5	Sorry Omer... but it probably was the carbs too... lots and lots of carbs.  And you had already said you were starting to get ill.This is the BEST!  Do you hear that?  The BEST!When I go, I get the Pho Tai probably the most.  I usually start off with an order of Bei Cuon and get a "fresh fruit drink" (sorry, the gringo in me does not know what the actual name of the ch is).  I'm not a huge fan of their Bun Thit Nuong (sorry if I can't spell this, remember I'm a gringo) because the barbecue pork seems greasy to me.  Every once in a while I order their red pork sandwich (hands down the best baguette bread on the planet!).  Pour a bit of the nouc mam (fish sauce) with the chilies on the bread--mmmmm I'm salivating.  (Can not wait to go to lunch here tomorrow!!!)But the real reason we go is the pho.  Everytime we go, there are a TON of Vietnamese there.  Yeah, the place could probably be cleaner, and I have no idea what they are going to do when they enforce the no smoking ban... but man, I sure forget about it when I am face down in my pho bowl.
2	3/16 Update:I've decided to remove two stars from my rating because my recent visits have just been disappointing.  The grilled pork is more baked than grilled - no smokiness or tasty charred bits anywhere.  The pho tastes more of MSG than boiled beef bones.  And service is as bad as ever.  I wonder if Da Vang's popularity has led it to take shortcuts for efficiency.  Definitely not worth going out of your way for - go to Khai Hoan in Tempe for the smokey grilled pork or Saigon Nites in Scottsdale for the delicious pho instead.Prior review:Essential pre-eating check list for Da Vang1.   Turn your expectation on service down to zero2.   Voluntary separation of  restaurant decor & atmosphere from the dining experience3.  Limited peripheral vision is a plusNow you're ready to enjoy one of the tastiest Vietnamese place this side of San Jose.
4	"Hurts so good - come'on baby make it hurt so good..."------------------------First of all, thanks to S.B. and Mr. K for joining me for day of beautiful weather and damn good Vietnamese food. It was everything I was hoping to achieve and for the full table of food - we each paid less than $12/each. Craziness.I am going to have to let the men speak for themselves and ask that they share their meal with everyone, but I can tell you from my perspective - lunch was damn good and worth the three-hour-nap that I took afterwards. I had saved my daily java for the Vietnamese hot stuff that I knew would be at the restaurant - and it had more sweetened condensed milk in it than I expected - but I 'suffered' through it. It was good.We had Shrimp Spring Rolls and a Vietnamese Crepe Appetizer that had a plate of accompaniments such as mint, lettuce, and cucumber. We devoured both - and I'm pretty sure that it was because they were good, not just because of our hunger pangs - but again, I'll leave it to the men to discuss.Then they started bringing the additions for my Pho - I ordered the 2A - Beef Pho. I had a plate full of bean sprouts, jalapenos, and purple Thai basil. When the Pho came I filled it with all the jalapenos, most of the basil, and a strong hand-full of bean sprouts and a good spray of Siracha sauce. Damn. It is so good.I start with chopsticks and am working through very methodical bites of jalapeno, basil and pieces of meat. Oh crap. I don't know these guys and I ams starting to search in my food. What are they saying, crap...we're having a conversation...and it's a good one. Focus, I have to stay focused! Okay, I am out of beef - there's lots of broth and a ton of rice noodles left - I need to get busy - loose the chopsticks this is a job for a fork and spoon! I dig in Italian style. I, then, initiate the fork/spoon twirl and soon find that the prep cook never split the noodles - this is a bowl of fully connected, never-ending rice noodles. Crap. I am going to have to try to bite in and not be too obvious - SSSSSLLLLLLLUUUUUUURRRRRPPPPPPPP! And, there it is. I slurped in front of strangers and not just once, it was more like five, ten or fifteen times. I knew I was getting full and wasn't making so much as a dent in my Pho - and I was starting to embarrass myself - so I held back. Not to mention, just as when you eat ice cream too fast, you get a cold brain; when I eat too much Pho too fast, I get "fat, fuzzy, MSG head."Mr. K., and S.B., thanks for joining me and I'm still singing...."Hurts so good, come'on baby make it hurt so good."
5	$4.50 for a huge bowl of incredibly good Vietnamese soup noodles? Oh Da Vang how I miss you!  #21, #26, #36 (or was that #32?), and let's not forget the cafe sua da.  Over the years I've eaten at most of the Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix and in the end I've always come back to Da Vang.
4	I've been here a few times and love the place.  The staff is ultra-friendly (especially my first time there) and the food is nice and light.  I love love LOVE the summer rolls!  Also, there are several different types of sauces for you to customize your noodles.
5	Me and the GF went here for dinner last night. Have had a cold all week she brought home from NYC. Their pho broth is probably the best in town. Spring rolls are also tasty (but I like the ones at Pho Bang better). Always have to pig my way through the Ban Xeo, wonderful egg crepe with pork, shrimp and bean sprouts. Wrap in the greens, dunk in fish sauce, and enjoy as all the happy points in your brain lite up. 2 orders of spring rolls, 2 orders of pho, 2 teas and the crepe=20 bucks of bliss. One kvetch for this trip: we ordered 3A I think, and while the brisket was excellent, the flank(?) was a tad too done and tough. Even with that, I still give them top marks.
3	I've been going to Da Vang for the last 2 yrs now. Only real pho restaraunt that tastes good and close to my house. I'd give the restaraunt 5 stars but the service and cleanliness is not there. The restaruant could use a remodel.Now onto the food: I love their rice dishes. No complaints. But their Pho is ok. To me it tastes different every time I eat it.....Thats probably why I really try to just stick to the rice plate. Prices are pretty cheap. No complaints here either. I recommend this place if your in the Phoenix area.
2	Oh my, I truly hate to do this, but my visit to Da Vang was horrid! After reading all the lovely reviews I was so excited to take my husband and child to a place near our new digs, to prove that we hadn't moved far away from good food experiences. We knew that the outside was a strip mall locale, we don't care. We knew the inside was going to look like it did, we don't care. We go to places because of food, service and price. When we went they were working on the one entrance so we entered on the far side. There were two people eating and a few children running about playing. My first thought was great, this is a friendly, family place and light crowd would mean attentive service. We didn't know if we should seat ourselves, so we walked to the silverware table where we saw menu's and stood for a moment.  Three times servers walked right past us and ignored our presence. Other workers were in the kitchen area, but no one noticed us. I whispered, "Maybe we should get menus and just sit down?" So we took three menu's and as I turned around one of the servers came up and made motion for us to sit right there at this huge circle table.  A very large table, but we slid into the corner and he took drink orders from us then dissappeared.We sat. We sat some more. He walked by twice carrying water. Another server walked by twice, once with food, once with dishes. They greeted two more tables and brought them menus and took their orders. A server came and poured three water glasses for our table and I interrupted him asking about our drink order. He said something I didn't understand and turned away.  We sat. Finally I said, "Excuse me, please..." I got the attention of a different server and we asked about our drink order which he took again and we didn't want to wait any longer and gave our food order as well. Just in case they'd never come back. I told the server we were new to this cuisine and would need some help. My husband just wanted to leave. I coerced him to stay, it's going to be fabulous Pho I said remembering the wonderful Yelp reviews. The food would soothe him. I smiled smugly. We ordered several dishes all recommended in Yelp reviews. Spring rolls, two Pho's and the Ban Xeo for my egg and shrimp loving child.15 minutes later two drinks and some plates of leaves and garnishes were placed on the table. No drink for me and no way to get the garnish plate persons attention. We sat. "Are we supposed to eat these," asked my husband?  I said , "I believe they go in the soup when it comes." But after another 15 minutes of nothing else arriving, he started to make a mini salad. Several more tables had come in, everyone else had their food. The two tables who came after us were finishing up."This is Bullshit, " I muttered to my husband, and just then the crepe and the Pho's came out. I was starting to see a trend here. Just when you get to the point where you want to leave they finally do something to make you stay. We were starving and we didn't want to drive around for another place, just eat and go at this point. It was getting late. I hadn't eaten my garnishes so I shared them with my husband. My daughter's crepe was extra crispy bordering on too dark and she didn't know how to eat it, so she sort of plucked the little shrimps she found out of it.  "It's not egg mom", she said all grumbly. "It's Vietmanese egg I said, " as if I knew.  "Well then I don't like Vietmanese food." Sigh. Maybe she would like and try the spring roll? Or some of my soup? The sping roll, one nibble. She didn't appreciate it, which was ok with me becuase I loved them.My husbands Pho was full of fatty gristle meat and he w/couldn't eat any of it.  My Pho was wonderful! My garnishes made it very tasty. So I fed my daughter some Pho, but she wasn't too fond of that either.The only real consolation was the price. It cost about $25 for everything we got and everything we didn't.Maybe I can get someone from Yelp who loves Da Vang to come with us next time and show us how the experience is SUPPOSED to be, becuase I can't imagine this is what people are raving over. Sorry. They get two stars for having a low price and food *I* liked, but I can't give them any more than that.
2	I really wanted to like this place and maybe it was because I didn't get the pho, but the quality of the food was just bad.  I ordered the bahn mih and one of the vermecelli plates with grilled meat and egg rolls... and it was just alright.  The price was about right for comparable food but I was definitely expecting A LOT more of the bahn mih (it sucked compared to Lee's Sandwiches; the bread was too bready and NOT a baguette but instead that used for a sub sandwich).  The neighborhood was also sketch.  I came here on a weekday around 3pm and there were some strange characters hanging out in front.
4	So the place is a little divey, but they cleaned it up recently when they remodeled the restaurant. The prices are fantastic and I love the Bun rice noodle bowls. The curry rice stir fry is great as well and they can make almost any dish vegetarian if you ask. The staff is very friendly and recognizes us even though we don't go there all the time. They're kid friendly and the prices are affordable for a family to eat out. I've only ever had great experiences there and we'll be back!
4	I love this filthy little shithole!I have eaten here countless times and swear that I had reviewed it before... guess not?Much bigger menu than Maxim down the street. I like them both, Maxim maybe has better soup?, but it's great at Da Vang, too. Just went for lunch with a friend - friend had chicken pho which was good, we split an order of spring rolls, which were tasty as hell and full of transparent rice noodles, shrimp, and pork. I got a lot of exercise in the last few days and my metabolism is feeling fast at the moment so I pigged out... a vietnamese bbq pork sandwich, which had greezy but good pork, jalapeno, carrot, bean sprouts, and cilantro,  and a crepe which was filled with bean sprouts, shrimp, and other tasty things. They bring tons of fresh herbs with your order. Total bill: $14 and some change... for both of us.  Everything was fresh, the food came up fast despite the crowd, and I felt satisfied. Nap timeeeeeeeeee.If you like dirty little ethnic dives and Vietnamese food... check it out. OK it's not that dirty. Just a little. Whatever. Think of it as atmosphere.
1	Sorry, but I was really disappointed in this place.   I love Vietnamese food and eat it as often as I can.  I also love a good dive restaurant too, so I was excited when I heard about this place.  My husband and I both ordered the pho and the spring rolls.  The pho broth was okay, but the sprouts and herbs to accompany were VERY old and withered.  They looked to be about a week old or so.  It was very unappetizing.  I did mention it to the server and she kind of shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  Fresh ingredients are a must in Vietnamese cooking.  Maybe it was a fluke, but I don't think we'll go back.
4	I love this place. This was the first place I ever had Pho, back in 1998. This place is always busy now. The prices are so cheap that It always keeps me coming back. The food is great and I always get their spring rolls. I eat here about 2 times a week. The service here is not that great but the food makes up for it. I do have to say that since I come here so much the staff that is always there seems to know me and our order now. Service gets better when your a regular I guess.Voted best spring rolls in Phoenix Magazine.
3	This place is old but the food is good. The compliments arent that great...such as the basil and bean sprouts they give out. Their soy milk is made fresh and does not come from a Yeo's can.
4	I'm from San Diego, but I live in Arizona now and I can honestly say that I don't find most of the Asian restaurants here appealing. I really like Da Vang though, the food is good, the service is prompt, I like their Che Thai dessert, it tastes good. I like the banh hoi chao tom thit nuong, sooo good!! I also like the bun thit nuong chao tom. Their portions are good and this is probably the only Asian restaurant I like to go to in Arizona. =)My favorite dishes so far,- Hu Tieu Xao- Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong- Ban Hoi Chao Tom Cha Gio
5	food                - 6 (5 is max)Price              - 6atmosphere - 2servers         - 3  I don't know. I guess I can consider this is 'authentic' Vietnamese. But the food is just great. BEST Pho in Phoenix, I guarantee. This place is worn, could be little bit dirty. Servers are not the friendliest people in the world, but they do serve. But the soup is just great. People, don't come if you don't like good tastes. Or cheap prices. But yes, if you are looking for a nice restaurant, this is not a nice place to visit. But for good food, this is by far the best Pho in Phoenix.
4	Great Pho for super cheap. Quirky little hole-in-the-wall, with the family and kids hanging out.So cheap, I love it.
5	I went for dinner on Friday night and remembered how much I love this place. The staff recognizes us and is really friendly and accommodating. The inside has been cleaned up a lot recently even though the shopping plaza itself is a little run down.My faves are the spring rolls and bun. I tried the family style lemon grass chicken this time and it was fantastic! Just spicy enough to give it a nice flavor, but not so much that you burn your tastebuds off.
4	Have you ever gone to a place and were so overwhelmed by the menu options that you ultimately just point to some random item and say "I want" and pray that they don't bring out a moose knuckle or a pot of Sanka? That was our first experience at Da Vang. We live in the neighborhood and I've been wanting to check this place out for the better part of a year, but we never got around to it. Until tonight, that is. Honestly, I can't tell you what I had (it was the #27) but I can tell you it was wonderful! Strikingly fresh vegetables, great meat; amazing! And we arrived 15 minutes before they were scheduled to close on this Monday evening. [Truth be told, we weren't the only ones going close to 8 p.m. At least half a dozen others were converging upon Da Vang as they were trying to close up shop, and all were allowed to order.]Da Vang, now that I know you're my little jewel in the strip mall--and near a strip club, no less--I shall be seeing more of you and sampling all your bounties.
5	As a sissy vegetarian, I feel compelled to mention the soup that no one has yet mentioned at Da Vang - THE TAMARIND BASED SOUP HOT POT IS AMAZING!I don't know if they use any other animal broth in it, because I am willfully ignorant of such matters.  Regardless, if you are a meat eater or a vegetarian, try the tamarind soup, and bring friends.  It is super yummy.They also have a rice-based soup.  And, if you talk to your server, they can likely recommend some vegetarian/tofu based dishes that will be wonderful.Everything else is as good as everyone says it is.  Wouldn't be surprised if people got an occasional bowl of sub-par pho; every family restaurant makes mistakes.  I'd recommend everyone try it again.
5	This place is hands down the best pho I've ever had. If you know of a better place please let me know....Great flavor and price, can't beat it. The place is a little dirty but that's the way a pho place is suppose to be.
3	Revisited this childhood memory over the weekend since it was the only Vietnamese place open late (oh yes, 8 pm) on a Sunday, and Little Saigon is closed, 8 (Ate the tendon, tripe, meat mania rice noodle soup. I got the textural carnival in my mouth. Very good. Ate the bean sprout, chicken, shrimp filled egg crepe... Not very good. Erase chicken and shrimp from the description and would have been more accurate. I guess I also like charred crepes sometimes, don't we all. But hey, I liked something, so that's okay. Plus good drink pure coconut juice with coconut bits to chew on. If you want Thai iced tea, you will receive it in a bottle. Sunday is not my favorite day.
3	I think I had the #7 and the #41 add tofu. My friend John had the #8 and the #38 complete with fish balls....who knew...fish...had balls? Or was it the #6 and the #39. I don't know. I was distracted by the ambiance. Old tiled floors. Really funny, faux velvet art deco chairs and tables that could have used a little Windex. We were greeted immediately, sat, received water and then...well...waited and waited. I didn't want to be to rude but finally flagged someone down. You could tell this was a family run gig...dad type figure bussing tables, little kids running around with rice falling out of their mouths (seriously, it wasn't gross, but kinda sweet) and the big mama just kinda surveying the scene. Meanwhile the younger men ran the floor. Our order was finally taken and food was delivered swiftly. The spring rolls did not dissapoint....so fresh, so delicious...who needs a fried spring roll any more? The menu was so huge and intimidating I basically just pointed at something and blurted out the number. Taking the safe route was kind of boring I realize but the noodles were yummy, the veggies crisp and the tofu was amazing. I watched the other patrons (i.e. anybody that wasn't white) to see what they ordered. It was Pho all around. Next time it's Pho for Pho sure! Great experience. Would totally order a tray of those spring rolls for a party. And next time in addition to Pho I'll have Alexander C.'s fave Banh. He says it makes him horny you know!? Oh. The prices were unbelievably low! I could have paid the entire bill with change from the cracks of my sofa cushions.
1	OMG! what is the rave about? this place is disgusting! it's dirty and the food is not worth it! i came here with my family and we each order a little bit of everything that is suppose to be good and popular there. unfortunately everything is bad. i walked by the waiters and they were all cursing really loud in vietnamese to each other. the table is icky and it smell like my cooked up oil . ick! go to Pho ao sen instead at least it's clean.
5	This is one of my all time favorite dives in Cenpho (So stay away if you are foodie who needs a higher level of ambiance). For me, it's the best Vietnamese in town! And you've gotta LOVE the prices... sometimes I eat there for a mere $4! And I just discovered their won ton soup selections! Having recently recovered from being sick... and also craving soups during the winter season... I'm so very excited about this new discovery!This is comfort food for me... a restaurant I actually usually order the same things at, instead of trying new things, but favorite dishes are favorite dishes: Here they are:Both their Goi Coun (Fresh spring rolls with shrimp and pork) and Cha Gio (Fried egg rolls) are great! I just told a friend that if I were to choose an eggroll as my favorite it would be the Vietnamese eggroll: Cha gio... alone it's great, but wrapped in lettuce leaf and dipped in nouc cham... sooo good, and makes ya feel a little healthier. I'd have to say that having gone to many a Vietnamese restaurant around town, they don't skimp on their rolls. You get 2 for a little more than $2. I've seen other restaurants state a quantity of four, but they slice 2 in half and charge $4.95+! Ridiculous! So that $4 meal I was talking about? 2 orders (4 rolls) of Goi Coun... it's so refreshing and pretty healthy if you aren't obsessed with NOT eating carbs and looking for something cool and refreshing (Great for summertime eats).Another dish I love is their BBQ Pork and Broken Rice Dish. Alone, this dish is a meal for me x 2-3 and it's only $5... divide and discover how cost effective this dish is. The first time I had it, I fell in love with the texture of broken rice so much that I had to go off to an Asian grocery store to grab a bag... and I don't know what they use to marinate the meat, but it is so tasty and then you get to dip it in Nouc Cham for more flavor complexity!And now, I must talk about Pho. Again, their Pho is my favorite in town... #2... I don't mess around and just order the thin slices of beef with the broth noodles and soup with the generous servings of veggies on the side. Very simplistic, but you can go full out and have it with Tripe and other daring additions. I guess I'm a traditionalist when it comes to this soup.Another soup I love is their #17 Large Noodle Soup (sans pork hock)... the first time I saw these noodles, I was eating with a Vietnamese friend, who knew what to order. The shape of the noodles are quite interesting and of course tasty!If you're feeling less brothy and are in the mood for a medley of tastes and textures, I suggest ordering from the Rice Stick Noodle portion of the menu. It's basically thin white noodles with veggies and an assortment of your choice of meat combo with a side of Nouc Cham sauce that you pour atop and mix into the noodles. I actually don't prefer the noodles and ask for rice instead (Complete with perplexed looks from the waiter). What I love most about the dish is that you can have BBQ Pork and Shrimp and chopped up pieces of Cha Gio in one dish for $5... it's like having your appetizer and main course in one dish for the price of one dish! What a STEAL!As for service... it's a bit interesting and sometimes seems standoffish (but that's how most Vietnamese restaurants are, I've come to find), but I've been going to Da Vang for so long I'm used to it and they've even come to know me (and my phone in orders). When you're done, just go up to the cashier and pay. And I'll leave you with one last tip: The family that owns the restaurant has just opened up Boba Juice, a Boba aka Tapioca Tea/Smoothie shop in the same strip mall. I sometimes go there before to grab a drink to go with my meal or after for dessert on the go. I love that they are willing to try whatever flavor concoction your brain can come up with! Yes, it's from powder, but hey, it's a place you can grab Boba in Phoenix that's not in Metro Phoenix (aka Mesa, Tempe, Chandler or Gilbert!)
4	I love Two-Finger Soup! (see story below)Fun Fact: Did you know that Da Vang means Yellow Skin in Vietnamese?The food here is awesome and at great prices too. I usually go for Pho or the rice and grilled pork dishes but I find myself ordering egg rolls, spring rolls and even buying the steamed buns to-go. I've had better pho in So Cal but this place is pretty good too. My sister calls it Two Finger Soup because she says that she has seen the servers bring her the soup bowl with their thumbs dunked in the bowl as they carry it the bowl. So watch the thumbs!The service here is okay but I'm not here for that. I like going to a Pho place, telling them what numbers I want, get the food in 5 min, pay and leave.I also like coming here for the eclectic mix of customers. Sure, you see you the Asians but there is always a table of non-yellow people eating here too. They don't look scared to be there either which means they're regulars.
5	I had the best lunch ever in the history of lunches at Da Vang today!  So many nice things have  been said about Da Vang in other reviews, so I won't repeat the details, except that it is good, fresh, and cheap.  Every time, without fail.  I've been there often, and just realized today that I hadn't reviewed it.  Atmosphere?  It's a room with some tables, no frills, but who cares?  Service is purely functional, no chit-chat or pleasantries - fine with me.  Bring on the pho, or rice stick noodles or stew, or .....drum roll please... the rice soup with fish.  That's menu item 61B.  They use lemon grass in it, and must put in a pound of lovely, perfectly cooked cod.  It's heavenly, and takes a little longer than most items to make so be prepared.
4	Get the Spicy Lemongrass with Beef. Awesome! And one of a kind. Service is usually fast and pretty friendly too. Been coming here since 2007.
5	Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! I've been coming to this place regularly for about 5 years, from the time that my wife and I were a couple, to having a newborn baby and now a toddler.The food has without fail been good. The only bad experience I had was when I decided to be adventurous and try some unfamiliar authentic Vietnamese dishes. What can I say - some flavors don't translate across cultures...The staff are nice, without being in your face friendly like at a American casual dining restaurant.Top recommendations - The Shrimp and Pork Spring rolls for a starterEither the Bun, or the lemon grass beef for a main dish. (As a fair warning to you, the lemon grass beef can have a high sodium content if you're sensitive to it)
5	YUM!!! pho here is amazing good, the best I've had in AZ so far. The service is ok i guess, not the best, Price is pretty cheap, not expensive. Absolutely love the spring rolls here, can't beat them.
1	The only reason I took the time to write this review is to prevent others from having a similar experience we did. We were craving some good Vietnamese food and after reading all the 4 and 5 star reviews of this restaurant, decided to give it a try. The place itself has a lot to be desired, but not even the dirty floor and a filthy door handle scared us off. After all, the other 30+ people loved the food. So was the food worth the experience? Not at all! I am still trying to figure out what is so special about the spring rolls the reviewers are raving about. This place made Pei Wei seem like top of the line Asian cuisine.
3	Found a roach in my drink today. YUM YUM! I didn't make a big deal, I expect bugs in my food no matter where I eat. They brought me another. I was more upset by the fact that I my pho bowl looked smaller, or did my stomach get bigger?
5	Pho.  I've missed it since moving to Arizona.  Tragic, I know.  Recently I became fixated on it.  Had to have it.  For a week it was pretty much the only meal I could think about.  Where, oh where to get it in Phoenix?  Lucky for me, I know people.  People who know where to go to feed my need for Pho.  Da Vang!Right when we walked into Da Vang, I knew it was going to be good.  It just looked, well, like it was supposed to.  A little worn, and more utilitarian than attractive - you know that everyone comes for the food, not the decor.The menu is pretty extensive - almost overwhelming, and conveniently numbered for people like me who would butcher the pronunciation of the dishes.  I should have taken more time to review, but I was on a mission.  A Pho-king mission and I wasn't leaving without it.To start, we enjoyed deliciously fresh spring rolls - one type with shrimp (#48) and the other with BBQ pork (#49).  Both were prepared with crisp refreshing mint leaves and went oh so well with the peanut dipping sauce.  Heaven!The beautiful big bowl of seafood pho (#12) that was placed before me was well worth waiting for.  Oh!  Shrimp, crab, squid and more!  Bathed in a succulent broth and surrounded by a hearty portion of rice-stick (thin) noodles.  Love these!  Seeing my friend's noodle envy, I surrendered a portion to add to his Pho, which came with thicker noodles (and looked awesome, too).  I like the burn, so I heated up my broth with chili sauce, sriracha, lime juice and even a couple jalapeno slices.  After a few bites my lips were on fire - perfect!My only regret is that there was no way that I could even consider dessert.  Physically impossible after all of the amazing food I had consumed.  I am sure they would have been good.  Well, I just have a reason to go back!Well worth the drive.  Da Vang, I know where to find you now, and plan on seeing you often!
1	Been here twice and they are RAT INFESTED!!!  Heard them in the ceiling on the first trip and sure enough my girlfriend saw them in the bathroom on the second trip.  Needless to say we got up and left without eating our food.
4	My family and I first dined at Da Vang when it occupied a single store front in that complex, basically where the cashier is located. Imagine the side walls up for the left half of the restaurant. It was a tiny place, that was back in '94. It's 2010, and Da Vang has grown to quite a large restaurant, and the owner's son has now taken over the family restaurant. The son used to own Phoung Huang in the former Lee Lee complex at Dobson and Southern where Asiana Market and Hodori Restaurant have taken up its space.Da Vang is a no frills kinda Vietnamese place, yes it's dirty but I've never gotten sick and I have a very weak stomach. We usually order #18 and #19, #22, #39 or #40, #42, #43, and #44, and #50 for the egg rolls. Their wide rice noodle stirfry with seafood and egg closely resembles a Malaysian favorite of mine that's usually sold by street hawkers and that's Kway Teow. YUM! Their egg noodle soups are good and quite large, and their prices are not pricey. The restaurant itself is not in a great area, since it borders Maryvale... so it's kinda sketchy. The food makes up for the restaurant's appearance and atmosphere. It's just wholesome Vietnamese home cooking, nothing special nor fancy, a place to go for a quick bite of pho, or noodle soup, and finish it off with either Vietnamese coffee or a glass of Soy Bean Milk. Simple fare and very good too!
5	so I recenlty returned from a trip back home (Seattle) and forgot how much I loved Vietnamese food. I moved to Italy for a long time, and moved down to AZ so I hadn't had Vietnamese food for a looong time. Have been wanting to check out Da Vang for a while now, but kept it on the "places to try" list. Decided to go check it out as soon as I got off the place from Seattle and BOY WAS I HAPPY!   I got the Pho 1 with the Beef, Tendon, Tripe. This was just like being back at home where there is a Pho shop on prety much every corner. I ended uip going back a few days later and getting a Banh Mi (gread BBQ pork sandwich) which was the best I'd ever had, along with a few appetizers. The fresh spring rolls were gret, and just over 2 bucks. We also got the BBQ pork appetizer with Rice Paper which was nice, we caould make our own spring rolls. Wifey chickedned out and got fried rice, which wasn't very good.  overll, this place rocks.
3	After a recent trip to Seattle, my husband has been on an Asian food kick which encouraged him to finally try this place. On his 3rd or 4th time eating there, he convinced me to order take-out. Normally, it  hadn't taken long to get his food in the past but this time, we sat in the parking lot for over a half hour. Apparently, everyone had to wait awhile. I ordered the chicken/shrimp fried rice that was extremely flavorless and dry. So disappointing as I haven't had a good fried rice in awhile. My husband ordered banh-mi, spring rolls and another app that you basically put together (pork, vermicelli noodles, lettuce). I loved the banh-mi which was a sandwhich on a type of hoagie roll with pork, mayo, shredded carrot, cucumber and peppers. I was so surprised at how much I loved the sandwhich. The sandwiches are $2.25 and our whole bill was approx $17. I didn't exactly enjoy my meal but I think this place is definitely worth a try. Everyone has their off nights, right?
5	Absolutely amazing pho!  Cant comment on the other food but the pho was great.  Service was typical of most small asain restaraunts.  Will definetly come back!
3	The rice noodle soup is good!
4	Talk about authentic, this is a place I would be excited to take a Vietnamese foreign exchange student, not because I want to impress them, but so they can translate the menu and get the waiter to bring me another $2.50 beer.  I will say, I was a little disappointed that there were no vegetarian pho options, but I don't think authentic pho is vegetarian, so until I learn to say "can I get this without beef" in Vietnamese, I don't deserve it. I will stick with the few veggie options provided, which are delicious, ridiculously cheap, and easily enough for two meals.
3	When you walk out of the beat up parking lot, look up the aged store front, walk pass into the aged low decor 1970s style interior, and get seated by the waiters, the visual setup creates the expectation that the food would be on par-disappointing. But you would be wrong, the food really is good here commensurate with the price.We have a big menu of affordable dishes to order from . After we ordered our food, they arrive within a reasonable amount of time. The imperial Hue soup is flavorable, spicy and temperature hot, and filling. The seafood floured soup is one of the best and non greasy dish that they have. The seat-in experience is acceptable; save by the food. There is not a whole lot of customer to employee interaction.This is not a place to experience a quiet dinner(as there are noisy kids) or to impress a date. It's a drive by, eat and get out place.If I were to come in just to order 2 dishes to-go, the wait could be an agonizing 15-20 minutes. The wait could feel like forever as there is nothing to distract the customer like a TV. Better luck calling in with a menu in hand.Overall for business improvement on a dime:  I would recommend they 1) Update and remodel the outside and inside decor to make it attractive for outsiders to come in.2) Work on lessening the variability and wait time from the cooking by lessening  the number of  similar menu items. 3). This family run business works way too hard such that they have no spare slack to make improvements. The food outperforms the other experienced qualities. Given that there are lots of good Asian restaurants nearby to chose from, I hope to see them do some innovating from a service and experience perspective as other local Pho places are progressing in that direction.
4	I return finally after the big clean up... it's still cheap and great. Mind you, the place looks old and the deco is minimal.I always go for the special pho to determine the authenticity. The beef broth is ordinary this time and it has lost some flavor (not saltiness). The spring roll is fresh and delicious... but the sauce is ordinary. Who needs it anyway?Diners, enjoy the Vietnamese cuisine without going broke. If you want ambiance or gourmet Americanized foods, best to skip it.
5	I LOVE PHO!! I love hole in the wall joints.  This is definitely a hole in a wall.  Have I told you I love PHO?  It's my comfort food and Da Vang brings it home.  Old Vietnamese dudes hanging out and chilling, Vietnamese waiters wearing knockoff brand clothing; what more can you ask for at a PHO joint?  I always order the Pho Tai just to checkout the broth first minus the extra stuff.  Yep, it passes the taste test.  Don't forget your Vietnamese coffee - can't eat Pho without one.  I definitely recommend this place - if you're afraid to come don't worry it's AZ you can carry your weapon and conceal it!
2	Came here for some pho and spring rolls after hearing this place recommended by some co-workers.  Definitely will not be going back.Drove up and the place looked completely run-down from the outside.  No problems, I'm cool with that, I've certainly climbed into my fair share of the hole-in-the-wall restaurants in San Francisco and Hong Kong.  The places that look like their housing criminals but you can't help but forgive it because the food is oh-so-good.  Too bad Da Vang wasn't like that.  The table wasn't cleaned properly and there were what looked like dried hoi sin sauce on the table.  I had to go through 3 spoons before I found one that didn't have dried food particles clinging to it and then another 5 to find a clean one for my girlfriend.  That is just completely wrong.  Utensils should be clean-not having the last guy's lunch still clinging to it!I was really hoping the food was good.  I told myself if the food was good I can live with it.  The portion was freaking huge on the XL special pho bowl but half way through the meal I realized it was mostly noodles.  The meat was less than most places and the broth was only so-so in taste. Hole in the walls are usually the best kept secrets, unfortunately Da Vang didn't have the cleanliness or the taste to keep me coming back.
4	Went there for lunch with a coworker. It was pretty crowd. We were sat down quickly. My chair was pretty dirty, so I wiped it down with napkins. This place is a hole in the wall, but the pho and rice plates are good. Love number #41 (BBQ pork with rice); the egg roll; and a soy milk. I am a happy camper. Love the #1 Pho!
4	I love Da Vang! I always order the lemon grass chicken, but have found myself forced to veer from it when they run out of it.  From what I can tell, the meat is low quality (hence the great low prices), but still prepared to be totally tasty!  Service is not especially speedy or friendly, but given the atmosphere, that is to be expected.
5	This place has become my favorite Pho in the area. It's not the kind of place you would take a date, well unless you knew them well and they like pho but the food here is awesome and it's very inexpensive. I'd say -1 for atmosphere but +2 for the food. Every time I go here they are fairly busy but there is always a table available. It's quickly becoming my favorite lunch hangout. I give two thumbs up, Vietnamese hole in da wall pho at it's best!
4	This is a place that has an appearance that would make you want to keep driving by.  However, the menu is extensive and the food is pretty good if you're up for trying real Vietnamese.  Spring rolls were really good!  The sauce that came with wasn't great, but wasn't necessary.  I had the congealed pork blood soup.  Pork blood had zero taste, but the broth and pork was good.  Had the seaweed, bean, and lotus seed drink, which was tasty if you could get by the appearance and hard work it took to drink/eat it.  Prices are extremely reasonable... Great Vietnamese for Arizona.
4	Although some of you may have the idea that I was born with the ability to use chopsticks, I'd like to announce that I am pretty sure I wouldn't know how to use them at all if it wasn't for Da Vang. Being westsider-riders, my family and I have been eating at this restaurant for as long as I can remember. My mom's old hair salon was only a mile away, so we often stopped by in the morning for banh mi or spring rolls take-out. If you're not familiar with banh mi, make sure you try to catch one of the episodes of No Reservations when Bourdain goes to Vietnam. A bite of the banh mi (sandwich) is like having a flavor explosion in my mouth. Sometimes I'm not a fan of the lightly pickled cucumber, but the jalapeno slices always gives me a nice jolt of spiciness, and the flavors of the meat are awesome! You can always ask them to remove any of those items from the sandwich.The pho here is always good, and my brother and I also love the bun bo hue, which comes with vermicelli noodles and a dang good, spicy broth. The meats they toss in here aren't typically what you'd find on mom's dinner table, so make sure you read the menu and are cool with those. The reviews regarding the decor are definitely accurate. Had I not been growing up on the stuff made here, I would probably think again about going back. They have actually even remodeled, and expanded it since I was a child! If you're that concerned about it, I suggest ordering take-out. I've never gotten sick from the food here, so I assume the kitchen is clean! Another great plus is that the food is very affordable. I had dinner here on Sunday, and the total for two people in food comas was $11.25.
4	The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is this place is the hole in the wall.  Pretty much the hole was made by a wrecking ball.  The food is awesome and and very tasty and authentic.  Don't expect too much on view.
3	One of the things I became aware of after so many bowls of "Pho," is that I much prefer the robust flavorful broths. The broth here was delicate and almost fragrant, but not as robust as I might like. It also didn't have as much meat as I would prefer. It is easy to see why it is a favorite (Restaurant was packed at Noon on a Wednesday) as it is just a nice "bowl of love," at an amazing price ($4.50) but was not nearly as memorable as my Phavorite Pho Places and not what I am looking for in Phlavorful Pho. Spring Rolls (Shrimp this time recommended by waiter) were excellent.
4	I ate lunch at Pho Thanh earlier this week and enjoyed it so much, I had to try another Vietnamese restaurant to compare it to.Over the past 2 years, I've been to Cyclo, Little Saigon and Saigon Nites, and all were good. Little Saigon was the best, but that's a review for a different page....  Da Vang has a great BBQ Pork Vermicelli. I ordered the noodle bowl with BBQ pork and ground shrimp (Bun Chao Tom Thit Nuong) and it was the best I've had in the Valley. One minor flaw: their fish sauce served with the Bun was not good. When you have a dish with such simple yet complex flavors, that can't happen in such a basic broth. The spring rolls were average; I prefer more mint and cilantro, and without that brown meat (turkey? pork? mystery meat is bad in spring roll. Next time, I'll ask for vegetarian since I prefer tofu. My fault.) Also, their sauce was much worse than I am accustomed to. The hoisin was too sweet and overpowering.  They serve their Thai tea with a glass of ice and a 6 oz sealed bottle of Thai Tea. I don't know why I feel different about that, but I was disappointed it wasn't a concoction from the kitchen.As others have said, this is not a place for atmosphere, however I did receive attentive and courteous service. I also have a full serving in a leftover box for dinner.To summarize, It is a very delicious place to eat, and I will definitely go back, probably for some pho. The overall dining experience was probably 4th best in the city, but because I go for one specific dish, and they make the best I've had here, I bump up their star rating by 1 from 3 to 4.
5	Bravo! I live by two, yes TWO kick-ass Vietnamese restaurants! Pho Thanh and Da Vang are by far the best places in Phoenix (that I've been to so far) to enjoy a hearty bowl of delicious pho! If you love pho and haven't eaten here, you're doing yourself a disservice. I had the Da Vang (basically the special that's everywhere else - cuts of beef, cartilage and tripe) and I ordered some Vietnamese meatballs to put in.Every bite of that pho had me sayinh, "Mmm!" My friend and I also ordered the egg rolls and a Banh Mi. Yes, we ate like kings. I've had a better Banh Mi, but Da Vang has some of the best Vietnamese egg rolls that I've ever had for sure...and their fish sauce was perfecto! If you always order spring rolls, take a break and try the egg rolls, and don't forget to eat them properly (wrap in lettuce with other veggies served and dip in fish sauce)! Good gawd, that food was good...Da Vang is an amazing Vietnamese dive with a friendly staff and wonderful food. It totally surpasses my standards for good pho. Picking between here and Pho Thanh is going to begin to become a tough choice, and I would have to say that they are definitely on even playing fields when it comes to pho. Try both!
2	Da Vang (pronounced yah yang) is a hole in the wall in a sketchy ass strip mall next to the latin strip club and the Vietnamese Boba Tea shop. Weeknights and Weekends alike, this place is packed to the gills with Asian families, Mexicans from the neighborhood, and the few rogue gays and hipsters who wander in to try something ironic or obscure. Then you have the old Mexican ladies who walk by every table and put a car air freshener on it with a note explaining that you can buy it from her for $1. There are countless flies, the place hasn't been cleaned since Jesus was alive, and the parking lot almost requires four wheel drive. There isn't a more third-world dining experience in Phoenix.My initial inpression was that this would be a fantastic trip to a Vietnamese wonderland. Seeing the types of people eating here, the extensiveness of the menu, and the overall ruggedness of it probably meant it was legit. I'm not Vietnamese, Asian, or any shade of yellow, but I like to think I still know my food well enough to say that it was an absolute let down. I ordered one of the most basic dishes, Pho Tai which is a beef broth with rice noodles and sliced beef. It's typically served with jalapeno rings, bean sprouts, basil, and lemon wedges on the side, yet mine was minus the jalapenos and lemon. Each table of Asian people who ordered the same thing both before and after me, received the said items with their meal. After my plate of half the veggies I need arrived, they brought by our spring rolls. Again, total disappointment. The sauce which accompanied them tasted like pure Hoisin, and I much prefer the typical peanut sauce or even a fish sauce. My girlfriend's bowl of Bun looked like the noodles were garbage, and was extremely short on veggies and meat. Our server was nice enough, and rather typical of a restaurant of this type. They don't speak much, their way of asking if you'd like to order is saying "are you done?" After a while though, I realized he was a Spanish speaker, and then I realized he was of hispanic heritage, nice. I come to this Vietnamese place and there are Mexicans working both front and back of the restaurant. Made me want some enchiladas. Overall, this restaurant was a complete let down and if it hadn't been for the very low price (under $20 for two people) I'd have been very upset. I'll keep sticking with Little Saigon, Pho Thanh, Koai Hoan, and Dong A.
5	Finger-lickin' food, every time. Such a bargain; we get take-out here most often, but I've enjoyed dinner here in the evening. This place is destined for speed-dial (in fact I need to put a bunch of places #s in my phone...).
4	Very good Pho at a very good price. Two of us ate there for only $10! It's a must try if you don't mind the little hole in the wall places in the middle of the ghetto - but have good food. thumbs up!
2	After spending several minutes looking at the menu i was ready to order.  The first five things I pointed too was not available.  BOO.  Food is cheap and portions is decent.  But I won't be back.
5	Come here if you really want to experience a truely authentic pho restaurant. Nothing fancy: Dirty vinyl tables, padded and metal framed chairs from the 80s, and the dingy smell...perfect! Once I walked in, I knew I would be leaving happy.I love Pho Ga, but every other pho place around hear is to lazy to make the chicken broth, its always with beef broth and it just never tastes right. This place on the other hand had the best Pho Ga I've have ever since moving here. The seasoning was perfect and the chicken was cooked well. We came right after lunch hour, so the service was a few minutes slower than expected. Also, they probably went through then etire pot of regular pho broth, so my fiances pho was not as good (it had a lil oil at the top).I was very impressed with the portion size and price. Its a few dollars cheaper than any other pho place around hear and they offer the XL bowl for $1.50 extra, a great value.
5	Pho makes me warm and cozy on the inside and makes my nose run on the outside. I love the authentic environment. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
3	I've been back for 3 times in the past month, with take out.I was slightly disappointed in their Pho this time. The noodle was mushy when I got it, twice. The soup was soggy as a result. But the rest of the foods items.. the steam rich dishes and dry rice noodles... were still good.So diners, it's not as good as I recall it it. So I will skip the Pho and stick to other dishes. But what's the point of coming here when the staple was not good anymore. I'm still deciding...
4	Da Vang is nothing new to me. I've been coming here for awhile now. I frequently visit Da Vang, at least once a week. I'm giving it 5 stars for the Pho, fried spring rolls, and bbq bhan mi.The reason my overall rating is 4 stars is because of the fact that its hard to get passed the overall environment. Kinda slumpy, dingy, and the waiters are pretty forward, showing very little personality, which in a way makes it more authentic. Next time you go visit Da Vang, order the #1 no tripe, #50 and the #75 and there is no way you will be disappointed, especially since you will still some how spend under 10 bucks.
4	Love this place cheap n good! Don't expect much service though
4	Awesome awesome awesome pho. It's the perfect comfort food. Nice and piping hot with tender, thinly sliced beef and tons of noodles. Add sriracha, basil, bean sprouts and hoisin sauce so it's sweet, herbal and spicy, and you've got some delicious pho. Their spring rolls are pretty good too, but I can never get myself to order anything but pho. And it's dirt cheap. I don't think I've ever gotten out of here feeding two people for more than $15. Yeah, it's a bit grimy and in a sketch area, and the service can be a bit off, but I'll keep coming back.
4	Still one of the best.  You don't come here for ambiance or good service.  You don't come here for stellar conversation.  It's certainly not a first date place, it might not even make the first few months of dating.  But for reliable pho and bahn mi, you can beat this old school family run place.  They have the best vietnamese coffee (strong and sweet), on lucky summer days you might be able to get PennyWort juice which tastes like wheatgrass and I'm convinced cures hangovers.  The spring rolls are giant, packed with shrimp and vermicelli.  I love the crispy fried egg rolls.  The menu is expansive and the bread crispy.  Oh and most dishes cost less than $8.00 dollars.  Do you really need to know more?
5	Pho-k yeah .......and the spring rolls too ........
5	I believe there may be a new Vietnam War brewing over which Valley stalwart serves up the best Vietnamese cuisine: Da Vang or Pho Thanh.  And after having sampled both on multiple occasions, I have decided that Da Vang is the winner.   Though both places serve great food at reasonable prices Da Vang's food is just a little better - and the main reason is their Thit Nung (grilled pork).  While Pho Thanh serves a grilled ground pork patty, Da Vang serves thin slices - which is far superior.  This one item shifts the entire battle in their favor.   I urge you to try a Banh Mi Thit Nung at both and see for yourself which one is better.  That said for atmosphere, I think Pho Thanh would be more inviting to the average person.Totally recommended.
1	Coming from LA to visit Phoenix, I wanted to try the local Pho.  I have eaten at numerous Pho places in Los Angeles area and was dying to hear what all the rave was about.  I picked "DA VANG" because of the great reviews.  All i have to say was that this placed literally sucked.  The service was horrible. The waiters took our order then took almost 20 mins to get our food. I don't know if they cared that their customers came to eat and were hungry.  Second, the food that arrived was overcooked. The meat was hard, the beef tendons were obviously old and the soup was too sweet.  Overall, if you want pho, try some other place. If you're in Los angeles, I can recommend tons of great places that are fraction of the price with great service.  Overall, Da Vang was a horrible experience, overpriced, bad food, bad experience. I will never go back to this place.
2	OVerall the food was good, however the service was crappy!  We waited forever to get someone to not only bring us water, but to take our order.  WHen I got up to look for someone  they were sitting at a table just relaxing.  Our food was literally tossed to us without any regard to whom it was going to.  My friend asked for two seperate items on the menu and was told "they were out".  for two items, one after the other?  I have had PHO at many places.  I WILL NOT be returning, my recommendation would be to go to MAXIM  up the street on 19th ave and Osborn.  This place was the pits!
4	Some of the best pho I have ever eaten was consumed at Da Vangs. All the produce was super fresh and the wait staff were friendly and attentive. All 4 of us left, stuffed, for $43 including a tip. Minus 1 star for not serving beer/wine. They used to.
4	Two numbers you need to remember, 75 (roast pork sandwich)& 36 (vermacilli noodles with roast pork and egg roll).  I still adore this place, and tolerate being ignored for refills of water.  This place has cleaned up a bit--but its still definitely a hole in the wall type of restaurant.Don't expect any great atmosphere and service, but do come hungry and ready to have some of the best roast pork sandwiches ever!  For under $3, its the best deal ever and I still haven't found a place that makes it better.  If you're feeling like noodles, number 36 is stellar!The only con- it closes early, so eat early and often.
4	Rule number 1, DO NOT make me choose between here, and Pho Tranh. Da Vang does things well (Spring Rolls, and Vermicelli) and Pho Tranh does Pho well. But, I LOVE the pho here, as well. And so, if queried, I'd tell you I like both Da Vang and Pho Tranh very much. This is a HOLE IN THE WALL. Don't go, and then complain that it's a hole in the wall. You've read the reviews, and decided to go, and so it is; STILL, yes STILL, a hole in the wall.Getting your water refilled sometimes requires you to get up and almost get it yourself. Tapping on the glass with a nearby chopstick works too, if you're feeling rude, as I have once or twice. My 3 stand-bys are the 37B, Vermicelli with BBQ pork and I get the shrimp whole. Ground shrimp, no thanks. I love the lemon grass beef, and the pho. The Spring rolls are awesome, as well. Flu season would have REALLY REALLY sucked without the pho from Da Vang.  In conclusion, the service is very hit and miss. Get you own water, if necessary. The food is 4 star, in my opinion. And that makes up for the iffy service.
5	Amazing authentic vietnamese food. Not to mention it's very cheap! Love it! I recommend the Pho... Delicious! It reminds me of the little restaurants that dot the streets in Vietnam.
4	This is the hole in the wall Vietnamese place that i love in every city. Located in a strip mall, Da Vang has great pho and cheap prices. Go here, eat somethng, and be happy.
2	Oh this hurts.I was so very excited to check out Da Vang as I am a Vietnamese food nut and have longed to find a decent joint here in the valley. Da Vang is not that place.Let me clear this up first. When I say that I'm a Vietnamese food nut I am not joking. I used to eat Vietnamese two or three times a week, there were eight (!) Vietnamese restaurants within a block of my house back home, my best friend is Vietnamese and his mother and sister cook for me when I go back for a visit. I know my Bun from my Banh, Pho realz.Let's start with the good. The Bun was indeed tasty, well prepared and inexpensive like Bun should be.Now for the bad. The service was terrible, they were out of bbq pork, they mixed up the salt and sugar in my drink (a briny drink is not where it's at, fyi) and their Banh Xeo was an abomination that likely would have begged for death if it could speak.I wish that I could say that I had found my Vietnamese oasis in the dull and bland desert but I have not. My search continues and so should yours.
4	I've been eating here since I first came to America! Its been 25 years! Miss this place. I love the pho there. A lot of people say it's fatty, but I like the fatty pho! LOL.... Expect to go in, know what you want, get your food, and go. The food comes out quickly!The service is horrible here. I know service has a lot to do with ratings, but I give this a 4 star because, the food comes out quick, the prices can not be beat, and everything here is so yummy.
5	Va Dang is pretty darn delicious. I prefer Pho Thanh, but thats my taste. I like the broth better at Pho Thanh, however Va Dang has way better deserts available.
4	My standard lunch order is BBQ pork spring rolls and sliced beef pho. Consistently great. Have had many a bowl of pho across the valley but Da Vang is easily my favorite. Do not expect the servers world to revolve around you but do not interpret it as rude or lackadaisical either. I am convinced it is merely a difference in culture. That being said, you are promptly seated, attended to and served. What more can you ask for?
4	I liked this place. I had a few hours left before catching my flight out of Phoenix and had a craving for good and cheap Vietnamese food. Thanks to TripAdvisor, we found Da Vang!Service - quick to seat us, bring us drinks (water), refilled our water and I noticed they kept an eye out just incase we needed something else. Food - Portions were reasonable, and I would say more on the plus side than skimpy and I thought everything we ordered was flavored well! Not bland, not loaded with MSG. 1) Had their spring rolls, which were made fresh (I love spring rolls and can tell when they've been sitting out).2) I had their Banh Cuon (rice rolls with grilled pork, sliced pork and garnished with bean spouts, shallots, and some other stuff with a side of fish sauce) and I was super happy. A big plate came out with lots of meat. All for under $6 (I'm from the Bay Area, and I've been paying on average $8). 4) Also ordered 2 glasses of dessert, one bean and the other jelly (see my pictures). They came out in the larger glass cups filled with beans/jelly, which is much nicer than it being filled with lots of ice as I have experienced many times before. 5) On top of all that, we ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go for later to eat on the flight - even though I ate it hours later, it still tasted good and I didn't even have a chance to reheat it in an oven. Bread was still somewhat soft, so at least I know they didn't make it using old french bread. Cost - Everything I listed above cost us $21. Seriously, 2 1. Since they were nice to us and really fast with everything, we gave them a 4 dollar tip, so total cost was $25. I see some less than stellar reviews here and I wish they had the experience my husband and I had. They were really nice to us and they even talked to us a bit at the end of lunch, such as where we are from and why am I taking pictures of their food and menu :) Just wish there was one like them in San Francisco so I can visit more often.
4	Da Vang gets a GOLD STAR in the Pho department.  I stress this more because that is their staple.  Aside that, they are generally consistent in delivering a satisfying meal.Gosh, it's really hard to sway my Pho-mentality whenever I stop by! I always glance at other items but when you do a price compare and the amount of ingredients, it just cannot be beat! Some might complain its a tad oily, but sometimes you just have to suck it up! They give you a generous-fill-you-up amount of noodles and meat! (Under $6)However, I have managed to try other things such as Bun Bo Hue and Banh Mi.  The Banh Mi is pretty basic--baguette is usually toasty with fresh veggies, meats and smothered with liver pate spread ($2.50).  One will not fill you up, so add an appetizer.  Bun Bo Hue is not as great when compared to other places.  The beef stew is missing the braisey, stewey-ness.  Not terrible, just too simple in flavors for what I would expect.And of course, how can you not order spring rolls ($2.25) when you sit down at a Vietnamese restaurant?  I would say the ingredients used is fresh enough (i.e. Shrimp, Pork Slices, Veggies). I always say, a fresh spring roll is a happy spring roll.Just before I checkout, I almost every time grab one of my favorite desserts--sweet, cold coconut rice with beans that comes in a small cup.  Unlike other places, they make their desserts in-house.  Because I like this dessert cold, I multitask on the road hoping to not cause some kind accident on my way back to work.I am just grateful that places like Da Vang still exist! Been a loyal customer since 1889. I kid, I kid (of course), I'm not that old!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Jj8ubiwwuCR-rrhrrjcryw?select=K2yzE052dFn0Sf0qoKK1ww
4	Definitely a good sign when you walk into an Asian restaurant and it's filled with OTHER ASIANS!!! Large menu, fresh ingredients, solid dishes, great deals and good portions.  Winner Winner Chicken [Pho] Dinner!!
3	Decent vietnamese near downtown.
3	Had some delightful pork & shrimp eggrolls here....sooooo good that I ordered some more after the first order. However, the pork sandwich that I had was nasty, tons of fat & gristle, and it only covered 1/4 of the bread...was only $2.50, the chicken sandwich looked much better...oh well. Food is super cheap here, just watch out for that pork.
5	Hubby and I have been regulars for years, and when friends and family visit from out of town, this is the first place they want us to take them!  Honestly you can't beat this place for the prices (Appetizer, meal, and a drink for $10!), variety (huge menu!) and really good, authentic food.Honestly I feel like many of the complaints about this place are...rather superficial. :/1) "Area is ghetto/no decoration" - ...And your point is?  I don't come here to stare at the walls, I come here to EAT!  Seriously, who cares?!2) "Bad service" - Honestly I think their service is great, but people need to understand one simple fact: much of the staff speaks very limited English.  Be realistic.  The servers that do speak English remember us, remember the things that we order, and let us make plenty of substitutions - my favorite part!3)"They bring out food at random times, sometimes meals before appetizers, some meals come way before others." - Yep.  I'm unsure, but this might just be a cultural thing, because we've been to other restaurants that do this as well.  Personally, I love it, I wish American restaurants did this.  I want my food when its fresh and hot, and that's when they deliver it, not sitting on a counter getting cold for 20 minutes while your friends' food cooks. No complaints here!In conclusion: Da Vang rocks! :D  A few of our favorite dishes:  Salt and Pepper shrimp, pork organs stir fry, and the egg banh mi with ham and liver spread.
5	This hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese restaurant is awesome and one of my office's favorite lunchtime destinations. The Pho and various soup dishes are great and they don't skimp on all the goodies to go with, providing large plates of Thai basil, bean sprouts, peppers, etc. The rice dishes are good too. I especially like the beef with lemongrass rice dish. The pork and shrimp rolls are also excellent and very big - almost a meal on their own. The best thing about this restaurant (besides its very authentic and yummy food and quick - never a wait - service) is that it is cheap, cheap, cheap. Check it out!
5	Da Vang is one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in three states!  I cannot remember my faves in CA or NV right now, but when I remember them I will rate them too.  Anyway, if you are a Pho fan, their Pho (pronounced fuh) is the best with all of the goodies including peppers, lime, basil and sprouts that are really fresh!  I always get the chicken and my boyfriend always gets the shrimp, both are incredible!  We also always get the fresh spring rolls.  I could eat those until I explode!
5	The first time I went to Da Vang was with the whole family- Stepmother and Father. My stepmom was telling us about how there was this really great Vietnamese place that she knew of way back-- about 15 years ago-- and she wasn't even sure they were still open. So, we decided to take her word for it and see if Da Vang still existed. To our surprise, it was! Despite its dive-y appearance, we walked in and were very politely greeted by what seems to be the owning family of the restaurant-- I can't be positive though. We were seated immediately and when we looked at the large but accommodating menu, we were also welcomed by the wonderful aroma that filled the room. Anyways, to make a long story short, we ended up going to Da Vang 4 times that week. It's so delicious that it's addictive! The Pho soups are AMAZING! EVERYONE MUST TRY THE SPICY BEEF SALAD!!!! Eggrolls and springrolls are fresh and made to order, and all of their food seems to have the homey feel of a meal cooked with some genuine TLC-- and it all came out to less than $30 for the three of us! More than likely- we'll be going to Da Vang at least once a week!
4	This place is my second favorite place to get pho in  Phoenix (Pho 68 being number 1). If you come here expect the broth to be oily, or as my girlfriend put it extremely buttery. I loved the broth because it was a drastic change from my usual place, and it was very tasty. They also have an array of international sodas which you should try, stay away from the egg york though.
4	I was looking for some cheap spring rolls and I am a happy girl.  I ordered carry out.  Phone service was rude, no total, no name  lol...  Food was ready in less than 10 minutes.  After looking at the picts on YELP I ordered the pork spring rolls and Veggies with large rice noodles.  I paid less than $8 for both out the door.  Carry out came with cutlery and sauces (YEAH)!  Food was pretty darn good.  The gravy on the Veggies and noodles was a bit greasy for me, but tasted GREAT!  I will go back again.  Oh, there wasn't a gringo in the place at lunch time.
5	the greatest the desert has to offer!
5	I always get the #1 and spring rolls sooo gooood and cheap
4	I have visited Da Vang many times and I ALWAYS leave happy. Every dish is tasty and inexpensive. The restaurant is small, plain, and simple you can tell their attention is on the food. You know you are eating at a great Vietnamese restaurant when almost all the guests are Vietnamese.
4	Missing the delicious pho in California I was seeking a good place in Phoenix. Da Vang delivered. The service was decent - not stellar. Their pho picked up any slack and exceeded my expectations. Good amount of meat, perfect portion of noodles, and fresh bean sprouts etc to add.
3	This place is down the street from Pho Thanh. This place is just a little bit better than the one down the street. I order the Pho Tai and Banh Mi Thit Nuong. Both were somewhat flavorful and enjoyable. This place is quite old which explains how dirty it looks. Again, there is typical bad vietnamese service. The price is hard to beat!
5	I love this place. Great for groups.cheap food. Plain i know but i usually get the pho tai and an order of cha gio. Yummy stuff. perfect hangover food!
4	Not an oxymoron...Great service Vietnamese RestaurantI've been here several times and it is about time I gave my review.  I'm from So. Cal so I grew up with very good Vietnamese food.  It is one of my favorite places to come to in the Valley because of the food, friendly service and all this for an affordable cost.  This is a true dive or hole in the wall for sure, but the food makes up for the lack in decor.  Besides the Pho, the Banh Xeo (Crepe) and rice dishes are very tasty as well.  You have to realize that the cost of gathering all the ingredients and cooking it yourself would usually be higher than coming to eat here for any meal.  And if you happen to see Banh Bao on the table in front, you have to try it.  They do not serve this daily which they should, but it is a white pastry filled with steamed barbeque pork and some hard boiled egg.  When you get it fresh, you'll thank me for tasting this hidden gem.  Hands down best in the valley and rivals those made in Little Saigon, California. The ROA (Ratio of Authenticity) is usually 0.65-0.75. (# of Ethnic Patrons (Vietnamese in this case) / Total # of Patrons) at any given time which for me is pretty authentic for Phoenix.  I've been in other Vietnamese restaurants which were supposedly voted the best in the valley, but is horrible by VN standards.   I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for the decor.
5	i've been eating here for 20 years and i get great service. i see none of the reviews mention the chicken curry! to die for! order it with either rice, noodles or french bread! so good!
4	My fav pho place in town. So far everything i've tried there i've liked. The coffee and black bean dessert is a must :)
5	I haven't had better pho anywhere in az. the large pho is enormous for the price. i usually go with my family and order a regular sized pho for myself and a number 45 (beef/rice plate) to share with another person. the one down side of this place is that it's located in a little more run down area and the restaurant's cleanliness isn't that great. nonetheless, their food makes up for it. i would definitely recommend this place.
5	Okay, I came here to today after one year and a half. The food has gotten significantly better. This time I ordered Banh Ouc w/ thit nuong and cha lua. It was pretty bomb. There thit banh mi was SO YUMMY and crunchy! They need to add another slice of beef though. I had some of my boyfriend's pho, it was pretty decent. The place has gotten a lot cleaner too! One waiter even speaks english which is nice since I suck at vietnamese. What a hole in the wall place with good eats! I need to still try their rice and vermicelli plates.
5	Da Vang is 5-star food at traditional, 1-star prices.  I've never spent more than $10 here, and that usually includes at least one appetizer or dessert.The service is the best I've had at a Vietnamese place.  Sure, there might be a pretty thick language barrier, but it's never gotten in the way of finding the perfect dish or having the order come out exactly as expected.Of course I'd recommend getting some Pho (stick with chicken unless you're either very adventurous or completely sure what the other ingredients are).  You can also keep it simple and delicious by getting a BBQ pork sandwich, like I almost always do (and if you really want to be like me, make sure to tell them no mayo).But seriously, if you take one thing away from this review - TRY DESSERT.  I'm not a fan of the spongy-green cakey things, but the deserts in the cooler are usually very good.  I'd recommend any of the coconut-milk-based concoctions in the plastic cups.  Ask for a cup of crushed ice, pour the dessert on top, and enjoy.  Don't be freaked out - there will likely be some sort of beans, maybe seaweed, who knows what - but it will be delicious.Did I mention the people here are awesome?  Great food, great service, and your wallet won't be sore the next day (neither will your stomach).
3	This place isn't bad. The Pho was pretty average. I'm still on my quest to find the perfect place for Pho and unfortunately this isn't it.It was reasonably priced and the service was good. I was sad that the spring rolls came with Hoisen instead of peanut sauce but, ah well.Since 3 stars is A-OK, that's what I will stick with.
4	We were just introduced to the Jewish tradition of going to an Asian restaurant on Christmas by some friends of ours.  I understand that Chinese is apparently more "traditional" in this sense than Vietnamese, but I can think places far inferior than Da Vang to go to for this purpose.Da Vang has a LOT more than just Pho (although they have just about every type and permutation of Pho possible), and the menu is chock full of all different kinds of Vietnamese cuisine.  I opted for a Vietnamese fried rice with pork sausage and chicken (which was quite good), and a type of Pho with beef brisket.  I really should have chosen the sliced beef over the brisket as I found the brisket pieces too tough to eat, although the Pho itself had a wonderful taste.Service was good, prices are super low for the quantity of food, and my wife and I enjoyed our meals.  We'll be back, and we won't wait for Christmas 2012 next time. . .
3	Here's the thing: IT IS SO CHEAP. I am not the type to go out of my way to get excited about a meal because it's only $5 and you can eat for days-- but in this case, it's also genuinely tasty! This isn't gourmet, it's not fancy pants--but it does satisfy the palette of a girl who enjoys some excellent Vietnamese cuisine on a seriously tight budget. Also, its location is nice because there isn't a ton that I've tried in the area that isn't chain-oriented. I appreciate that it's family-owned and operated.I got the buon thiao nuang cuon-barbeque pork and noodles. The pork was marinated well and tasty. The egg rolls are small, but the spring rolls are fresh and pretty fantastic. Their version of the peanut sauce is more like hoisin and their noodles are pretty standard. All in all, I would definitely come back for a quick and easy meal!
4	Yes.Vietnamese food done correctly.  Cheap and easy to order.  If you're looking for a good bowl of Pho, they've got all of the staples you're looking for.They also serve the traditional Vermicelli dishes.  Quantity is big, price is low and taste is spot on.  What more do you need?
5	Coming from Seattle where they have good Asian spots everywhere, finding a good pho restaurant was hard. DaVang had really good pho. I had the tofu pho and the tofu was lightly fried just how I prefer:) the broth was amazing and it was a bigger building than most I've seen in Arizona. It's one of those "hole in the wall" type restaurants, but sometimes I think that's the best places for real authentic oriental food. I now come here at least 3 times a month ;)
4	I guess that I may have ordered the wrong thing, or than I'm just not into Vietnamese food. I want to be, but I am just not feeling the love. The place is clean, the service was great and everybody was very friendly. We ordered the spring rolls that were translucent and looked appetizing, but there was just no love for them. The beef soup was ok, but not memorable enough to order it again. The sandwiches looked great but I wanted to try the entrees.I need to come back one day and go with someone that really knows Vietnamese food and knows what I like. This place gets stellar reviews so it has to be me. I give them 4 stars because the staff was very helpful and friendly, offered to take back the spring rolls and fry them and were patient with us. What was memorable, however, was their kick-ass desserts. They were great and I think we ordered 3. Banana with tapioca and coconut milk, white bean with sweet rice and coconut milk, and something with taro.This place has to be one of the nest values in The Valley- inexpensive with great food (and desserts) extremely clean and with excellent service.I'll be back.
5	Yay! Such a pretty and happy place! The exterior is super run down shopping center style, all the shops are Viet named. There are like 3 non asians at tables and people are eating proper vietnamese food! Next pricing! Damn this mother is cheap! Pho tai 4.50 two rolls 2.25. Coffee...i didnt notice price of!Tables are strewn with yummy looking food and big leaves of fresh lettuce and and and and...though it looks like they have gotten the mexican lime (lemon) on the list.So...I gotta say...this may be in my top 10 viet joints out there. The Pho broth coulda used a little more...something...but the spring rolls were awesome, the decor and people and oh...the coffee...yes...very good too...I left here fully satisfied and without any feelings of...hmmmm...coulda done xyz better and bla bla bla...Unless someone sends me a note or a comment that suggests I try another joint in town (and has at least 10 reviews of different viet places on their list), I don't think that I need to look any further for Vietnamese food in Phoenix...Oh yeah...and it is FLIPPING CHEAP!  I had: Pho Tai (meat on side), Spring Rolls, Iced Coffee Milk and I spent...12 bucks with a 30% tip!  Normally that'd be like 17 with a 12% tip...
5	We ordered the following for breakfast:Ban Xeo (Pan-fried flour crepe with shrimp, pork, and bamboo shoots)Banh Mi Trung Rang (French bread sandwich with fried egg omelette)Chao Thap Cam (Rice porridge with shrimp, pork, squid, fish ball, and imitation crab)The Good News:This is one of my favorite places to eat, I have become a regular here, and it is the best Vietnamese restaurant I have been to thus far in southern Arizona.All of the entrees are always freshly and properly prepared.The service is quick and about as friendly as it gets for a Vietnamese restaurant and the prices cannot be beat.The crepe was cooked perfectly as was the meat and veggies inside, all of which were very tasty, and the serving size was plenty for two people.The French bread was fresh, light, and flavorful, the egg was cooked just right for a sandwich like this, and the veggie toppings(carrots, onions, cucumber, and jalapenos) were a perfect accompaniment. My dining companion had originally decided against having a sandwich, but once she saw how much I was enjoying it she joined in and ate the other half.The consistency of the rice porridge was just right (not too heavy or watery), there was ample portions of pork and all of the different seafood, and the serving size was plenty for two people.The Rest of the Story:The place is a bit run down outside and there always seems to be the usual suspect hanging out in front, but don't let that deter you.The Verdict:I make sure to eat here at least once or twice a month and will continue to happily do so.
5	Best pho in Arizona! Go here at least once a week or more for lunch! The chicken pho is so delicious!
4	I eat here about 2-3x per week. Food is good, service is typical of a divey Asian establishment, it's cheap and very close to where I live. Try the banh cuong (#72b). It's my new favorite thing to order! The bbq pork spring rolls are also DELICIOUS!
4	My vietnamese friends said it is the best vietnamese restuarant. But maybe because I am not vietnamese I couldn't tell big difference. It was good food tho.
5	My favorite place in the town. :-) I love their #24. We went there after a meeting on new year and we ran into a group of friends. Chinese people only pay for the good food. The price is good and the food is great. I found take out gets a bigger portion than eat in.
4	As soon as I got out of my car in front of Davang I heard an argument taking place in Vietnamese, this was a good sign. This place rocks if you are in the mood for authentic Vietnamese and you cannot beat those prices. I was taken aback by how insanely cheap everything was. I ordered a noodle dish and was not disappointed. Next time I'll give the Pho a try. I'll be sure to update soon
5	I've tried just about every Vietnamese place I can find in Phoenix and I keep coming back to Da Vangs. 2a, 48!
4	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in phoenix. I've tried numerous vietnamese restaurants in town, but nobody else has broth like da vang's! I sometimes go there twice a week. My fav is definitely 3a pho with round eye & brisket. & I also love crunchy noodle. I'd give 4 stars because once in a while, the meat can be fatty .. But otherwise I love it!
5	I love this PHO and spring rolls, and for the friendly and fast service plus it's cheap! Oh it's truly a must try place.
5	Is this the best Vietnamese food I've ever had? No, but for the price it's pretty decent without having to drive all the way to Chandler. Two bowls of pho and two orders of goi cuon for $15-16 is a steal. Very homely taste to the broth and finally a place where goi cuon is inexpensive (it's $2.50 for two pieces). The Vietnamese music in the background and the decent amount of Vietnamese people dining inside add to the authenticity of the place. But beware of the shady area it's in. Located in a tiny strip mall in a not so great area of Phoenix, I would not feel comfortable driving a really nice car here. Or if you had to because it's your only form of transportation, then I'd recommend parking it in front of the restaurant where you can at least keep an eye on it through the windows while you're eating. Probably not the cleanest restaurant either but I'll keep coming back until I find a reason to not to lol.  When I have a craving for Vietnamese food I'll be back to have my fill until I can make it back home and eat some good food in San Jose.
5	I love this place. The prices are fair and the food is great. I was able to get Pho for breakfast at 8am on a Friday morning. I brought my mother here after an appointment at St. Joes hospital. She had never had Pho before and loved it!
5	The pho was awesome and full of flavor. The waiters bent over backwards accommodating me and my 2 little crumb snatchers who were joining me for lunch. Super awesome experience. Definitely the real deal when everyone around you doesn't have English as their first language.  Drove all the way from East Mesa just to try their Pho. I will be back.
4	Had the beef and white onion very flavorfull and ordered the coffee as well. Vietnamese coffee is very strong but really good a.must try for coffee lovers
4	Ok, you can tell the food is good when you see the place constantly busy. Probably the best pho in Phoenix and their BBQ spring rolls are out of this world tasty and fresh! Prices are cheap, great value, and there's always a constant stream of all races of people. Service is pretty quick, decor is basic...but you come here for the food, not for anything else!
5	Da Vang is awesome.  I have not been back to Phoenix for a few years.  Just came back this week and the food here is still as good as I remember...  Awesome place.  Great Vietnamese food...  Friendly staff...  Not in a great neighborhood, but, definitely worth the trip...
4	Cheap Vietnamese food, little portions but the hot pot looks cool. Do not get the pork vermacheli, such a little portion. Food is good, stick with the pho and so down to try the hot pot looks generous and cool!
1	Zero stars. Close early and are not accommodating to hungry and hopeful pho fans.  This place closes at 8:30pm on a saturday and so I called in "anticipation" at 8:00p to my surprise they told me not to come in because they were closing!!  I was so upset! Still am!! I dont recommend this place because of some very terrible customer service.  Hmph!
5	If you're not full by the time you're done eating here, you are not human. If you have been here and feel like service was not 'up to par,' 'accommodating.' or 'it's dirty,' you obviously do not know what a real Asian restaurant is like. Believe me, most Asians dgaf when it comes to this but in my opinion, the more they dgaf, the better the food is. My family have been all around this state trying out Vietnamese restaurants and we have been coming back here despite the distance since I was little. Portions are big and prices are still cheap to this day, what more can you ask for?No one does egg rolls better than them and no one, in my opinion can do a better pork and rice dish than them. If you're a novice, just simply order a #1: a big fat bowl of pho and nomlicious meat. Squeeze some lime in your broth, add some bean sprouts, and squeeze sriracha sauce and you have a meal fit for a really really obese 17th century king/queen. If you're not so much a noodle fan like I am, order a #41. I bet you have never eaten such succulent fatty pork in your life before. Douse the rice with the fish sauce and eat it all together with the lettuce they give you and you'll know what's going on. Or at least your stomach will.Top it off with some Vietnamese iced coffee and I'm sure you'll be coming back to this somewhat shady but absolute gem.
5	So far everything I have eaten here is awesome and it's so cheap. From the pho to the springrolls to banh mi to whatever, you get soooo much for your money. A cheap eatery that has good food is hard to come by in az!
5	I think this is the #1 PHO RESTAURANT IN PHOENIX in my opinion.  I come here at least 3 times a month (more if my coworker persuades me to go get some pho) and always leave satisfied.  The price and portion is great!! A variety of pho ranging from $4.75 - $6/7.  If you're really hungry, you can ask for a large.  My typical order is #1 with meatballs, spring rolls, and a thai tea.  That comes out to about $10.
5	Woohoo is right!  This place is awesome.  If you are interested in great Vietnamese food try it out.I will not lie, you will not be wowed by the level of service or the ambiance.  The food speaks for itself.  My wife and I have left each time with the cheapest lunch/dinner we have ever had and still were completely satisfied.  Everything on the menu is worth trying and comes to you fast and fresh.The only draw back is no beer but hey plenty of that elsewhere.  To sum it up, no frills, great food, easy on the wallet.
2	Disappointing, disappointing, disappointing!! For the first time, I didn't finish a Vietnamese sub. They call that banh mi? If their pho is as off-base as their banh mi, it must be made with linguini. Though the price was right ($4 for a sub and a big steamed bun), everything else was wrong. The bread seemed like it was cut from a cheap grocery store French bread, the veggies weren't properly pickled, and it was just.....boring. The pork was tasty, but I asked for BBQ pork and I'm pretty sure that was lemongrass grilled pork. Finally, the steamed ground pork bun was a little off. Not sure how else to describe it. This can't be Phoenix's best Vietnamese, so keep looking for it, hungry jack.
4	This is the restaurant that my chef friends take me to. I should be able to stop my review right there because that should be enough of an endorsement. Bahn Mi Sandwiches, these are really the only thing that gets a "meh" from me, just too much bread not enough meat.-But-Any of their Pho's, YumBBQ Pork spring rolls you make yourself at the table, yummWhole fried, head on shrimp with onions and jalapenos, yummmTheir Cafe Sua Da (iced coffee and condensed milk) YUMMMM!!!!This is the best bang-for-buck restaurant in Arizona, period.I do have to say is the service is hit or miss and the ambiance is pretty much non existent but at their prices, who the heck cares?!?!
5	My first 5 star review!This place has the best pho I've ever had. Not best in AZ, best ever! The soup is really greasy and they even place a large slab of fat in the mix of beef, but that's probably why it tastes so good.  Really big portions for the price too. The Super size #1 is absolutely gigantic. When I'm not in the mood for pho, I usually get their barbecue beef over rice which is also amazing.Their desserts are interesting to try, and a nice way to get rid of that greasy beefy taste in your mouth. Cheap at $1.75 too. This place has really cleaned up over the years getting nicer tables and a generally cleaner dining area. Not quite the hole in the wall when I first tried this place almost a decade ago.Service has always been fairly fast and friendly. At one point I used to come here almost once a week with my family and the server remembered us and our orders every time.The only bad thing i can think of is their sandwiches are fairly disappointing and it's a half hour drive to get here for me, but it's worth it every time.
4	First visit: 5 Stars. We had the "22," "1B," "48," and the "50." Five stars. Everything was excellent. That being said, usually I drink the pho soup, but this soup was too fatty to drink.Second visit: 3 Stars. Food is still good, but the service was bad this time. Last time, there were hints of bad service, but this time (we were there with friends we'd told about this place) they didn't refill our water, remove empty plates, and the never brought over a "48" we ordered. Again, the food was good, though.Third visit: 4 Stars. Yes, the food is still really good. The service was a bit spotty again, but the food makes up for it. By the way, we liked the sandwiches a lot. The bread and the filling was very fresh.
5	So here's the deal. Da Vang is a 5-star restaurant. Now, maybe not a AAA Destinations Monthly or Arizona Highways Magazine 5-star restaurant -- but a 5-star if you're a normal person who understands a pho restaurant in the Avenues is going to have some semblance of a pho restaurant in the Avenues. Now, we visited Da Vang on a day we had a pho hankering and Pho Tan was closed. Here is the scoop -- both places are good; Da Vang is better. Especially for sit down because their staff provides much better service. It's as simple as that.Else, about $20 for two orders of pho, two rolls, two drinks. Can not be beat.
4	No matter what time we go, this place is crowded.  Tried the vermicelli w/shrimp, yes!  Hubby had a mixed meat dish w/rice.  Looked Chinese and he enough and ate every bit of it.  Their homemade buns (a mixed meat) looked good. Next time.
5	Been coming here since I was 7 years old.  Other restaurants are good, but this place is always the go to for pho.  Always.
2	Normally my favorite neighborhood spot with fantastic food at a great value.  However, today i was totally embarrassed bringing a friend to lunch there. I tried to put all cultural differences aside, but the floors were filthy, an older woman seated with her family had her shoes off and was rubbing her feet on the floor, while a young couple across the way was eating as Mom was brushing knots out of her 7 year old daughter's hair and putting rubberbands from her mouth in her braids.   Lost my appetite.  Not certain I will ever go back and I feel terrible to say it since its such a wonderful Mom n Pop establishment and they are so friendly.
1	In order to submit a review I guess you have to at least click one star.  But I just want to specify that I think Da Vang deserves 0 stars. I'm not sure why this establishment has a solid 4 star average.  I guess people like to eat water flavored pho and water flavored everything, basically.  I haven't had food from this place in years, but since our regular spot was closed, we came in here to get our fix.  After our meal, I remembered why I hadn't visited this place for a long time. The food sucks.  And I feel bad for everyone who thinks this place is awesome, cause you guys have sterile taste buds.
4	The service is pretty standard for a cheap vietnamese restaurant - not particularly friendly.If you can deal with that, the food is incredibly cheap and delicious. I order the ca kho to (carmelized catfish) - my boyfriend said this smelled and looked awful, but I love fish and this was really tasty. It was also like 2.5 meals worth for under $7.My boyfriend ordered the veggie rice noodle dish - he wasn't a huge fan of the veggie mix (cabbage, onions, bok choy and carrots) but I thought it was really good. The gravy/sauce they stir try it in is really tasty.Definitely will be back!
5	I love Pho!  I could eat it everyday and maybe I will as I want to loose 50lbs this year and I think eating soup just may be my new diet plan.  I have always had friendly service here and not sure why others have noted that the service is not friendly.   I always get the 2A which is a  good sized bowl of beef broth soup with beef slices, noodles and veg on the side.  I also order the hot tea.  All this for a grand total of $4.50 plus tax.
4	Pretty good. When you order an XL it really is an XL. Small hole in the wall place but food is very good. In a ghetto neighborhood but that's how I like it...cause I wish a ninja would!
3	I have to give three stars because they are down the street from Pho Thanh and not as good. Their size of bowels for their soup is much smaller, their broth is not near as fresh tasting or seasoned. They also don't give you a lot of fresh herbs like Pho Than does. But, they are open on Tuesday's when Pho Tahn is closed. So if you are craving Pho Soup and it is a Tuesday, I would reccomend going here. But on any other day, I would go to Pho Than. If you disagree, I am sorry. But if you haven't tried both restaurants up the street from the other and you love Pho, I would deffinately go for the taste test on the 2!
4	There are a couple of things you have to realize about Da Vang. It's worth the 4 stars, but a lot of the traditional things that you'd expect from a regular restaurant you can't from this place.First off, it's been here forever. I've been coming here since I've been like 12. It is, IMO, one of the BEST Vietnamese restaurants here in Phoenix. Like all good Vietnamese restaurants, it is in the hood. It is also old, and grungy, and the service is not always on point. (I actually find that the service is usually better than some other Asian places. Some in Cali are truly AWFUL.) It is, in my opinion, usually brisk, to the point, and gets things done. I don't often have to wait for my water to be filled or feel like I've been ignored when it comes to being seated. But they're not smiling at you making conversation about how your mani-pedi just went. This isn't that kind of place. Same with the facilities. It's not disgusting. The bathrooms are clean and dry, there's always tons of TP and soap and it doesn't smell. But there are cleaner, newer places around. If that icks you out, go find one of those nice new Pho places in Scottsdale. This place isn't for you.The food is, in general, outstanding. It's got one of the best ranges of Vietnamese food that I've seen. Most places just serve Pho, and that's it. But they have amazing beef stew, bun rieu, banh mi... I checked out their banh xeo here after my vietmanese coworker said that's his favorite thing, and it's the best I've had so far. So crispy it shatters, with tons of flavor in the dip and great toppings. My husband always has to take away their liver spread banh mi after we've come here. Their spring rolls are fresh. And it's all cheap. We can get an appetizer, drinks, dessert, noodles, and banh mi to go for $35, including tax and tip. The only dud for me was the bun bo hue. Bland and disappointing, there are places that make it better. And the proof is in the pudding. This place is almost always busy. I get my food quickly, it's hot and good, and you get taken care of well. If that's all you need, then this is your place for Vietnamese food. If you need cute decor, spick and span facilities and wait staff that all speak great english... then pass.
3	Finally got to try try this place, after all the repeat visits I've had for other Vietnamese dining places in metro Phoenix. I ordered their signature pho (#1) which was OK, not great. It was tasty enough, though it lacked the zing and the level of umami of the pho in the other establishments I've tried - especially Pho Thanh, which offers a larger serving of pho. The accompanying  fresh herbs, crunchy fresh beansprouts, and lime wedges help give the pho a needed flavor boost. Though it may not look it from outside, the place is clean; and service is fast and efficient.
5	Fast, cheap, and tasty. Just what u need when going for pho. Dont be alarmed by the location. Its very clean on the inside.
4	I've only been here once but it was delicious. I thought they were pretty prompt with the food and courteous. It does get busy so there might be a little wait. Great place. I will be sure to go here again and review it. :)
4	This is a staple of my family. My parents always ask if it is okay if we go there. I really like the pho soup. My wife loves this place too. If you look at my other reviews, I tend to go get pho a bunch. It is my favorite of the pho restaurants that I have been to. I love the flavor. And they give tons of veggies. Last time I was there, the price was nice and cheap.
5	Took my girlfriend for her first Pho experience and she loved it. The spring rolls are awesome and the Pho is always tasty. The only downside is that they dont serve beer
4	Some friends and I decided to come here and try Vietnamese food.  The restaurant isn't full of decorations or anything fancy, just straight-forward food that the local Vietnamese seem to like, as the restaurant was full.  We started off a bit confused, so our waiter (we told him it was our first time) really helped us along the way.  We started with a pork/shrimp spring roll appetizer that you make yourself.  He showed us how, and it was fun and delicious! For our entrees, we decided to order a few different things, and each try them.  We got a beef/meatball pho, a stir-fry noodle dish with pork, chicken, squid, crab and many veggies and a banh mi with bbq pork (we ended up getting 2 of these, since they were only $2.50 each).  There was plenty of food to go around...the portions are huge!  Everything was really good.We debated on whether to try a dessert, so we asked our trusty waiter what he thought, and he brought us over 3 different ones.  They all had crushed ice and coconut milk/cream, but they had different items included...1 had clear noodles, 1 had various beans and the last one had bean paste and seaweed with noodles.  The funny thing is, we each tried a little of all of them, but we all favored different ones.  I personally enjoyed the one with garbanzo beans...who knew???After we finished our meal, we went up to the cashier, to find out the entire bill came to $34!!  What???  Between the 3 of us, we ordered an appetizer, 4 entrees, 3 desserts and beverages...amazing!On the way out, we picked up the pork buns (not sure of the actual name for it) to take home and try.  They looked really interesting, so one of my friends bought them for us.  The cashier explained how to make it later, which turned out to be perfect.  I shared it with my husband at home, and he loved it!All in all, we had a great time, and can't say enough about how nice and helpful the staff were to us.  It was a great first experience!
4	My friends and I travel for work and eat Vietnamese everywhere we go but decided to try a place in base and stumbled upon Da Vang.  We were impressed by the Asian-ness of the clientele and new it must be good.  It was!  We got our usual Goi Cuon (pork and shrimp summer rolls) and also tried their Spring Rolls and got two big bowls of Pho.  We got out of there for less than twenty bucks and the food was plentiful and delicious!  I'll be back soon!
5	You guys in Phoenix are blessed to have such a good Pho place as such good prices. Nowhere else I have been on the west coast has this quality quanity and service for this amount of money CHEAP! and GOOD! is allways hard to find. Lots of Vietnamese customers in the place so it must be good. Anyone know of a better place in Seattle San fran or LA? I hope they don't get a swelled head because of yelp and charge to much. I eat like a pig and the big bowl is way to big. Spring rolls $2.25 for two and a small bowl $4.75  HAHA amazing! Also pages of vienamese food I havent even heard of.
4	Awesome Viet restaurant. It's in the middle of no where and it's nothing fancy inside, but the service and food is fantastic. We had summer rolls, pho, and a beef dish that were all cheap (I think it's the worst when pho is $7+).
4	Cheap and tasty.I enjoy the Pho, spring rolls and one of the stir fry dishes (can't remember what it is...ever...even with a menu in front of me).Very affordable.Usually pretty busy and noisy.
4	The food is fast, tasty and affordable.  It's a standard Vietnamese place- low on decor, brisk service.  The pho is great, I always get pho tai bo vien (pho with slices of beef and meatballs).  Most everything I've had on their menu is pretty good. The salt and pepper squid or shrimp, one of the hot pots (canh chua) and the goi cuon are among favorites. Sometimes up front they'll sell a quarter of a pandan cake, it's green and called banh bo.
4	Da Vang is Da Bomb! it's nothing fancy by any stretch of the imagination, but the food is worth it. I've ordered a number of different things here and loved every dish I've ate. It's one of the best in Phoenix, just wish they had a couple of more women working here. lol.
4	Very great prices for what you get! We got the BBQ chicken sandwich, spring rolls, fried rolls, and a beef & brisket soup. We wish they had peanut sauce for the spring rolls. Also, the soup didn't have as many veggies as the menu seemed to say it had. We will for sure be back though!
5	If you're looking for a fancy place...you're not going to find it.  If you're looking for the best Pho in town...this is it!  Fantastic broth every time!!!  I've been to plenty of Pho places here in the Phoenix and Tucson areas but in my opinion this is the best.  Love the spring rolls too.  I've been coming here for the past 20 years and still love it!
3	I had the egg noodle soup with wontons and shrimp.  It was good!
5	Love this place. Great prices and delicious food.
3	This is a good value especially the egg and spring rolls. The Pho is good but not close to "the best" The Chinese style lunch specials are average at best. We prefer Pho 43, but Da Vang gives you a lot for a little
4	West side hidden treasure! A hole in a wall that if you can get past the less than desirable store front you will be treated to fresh prepared authentic Vietnamese cuisine. Noodle soup, spring rolls with peanut sauce an a monster pork stuffed soft pastry dumpling that was just D-lisous!!!!
5	This is the very best (and inexpensive) Vietnamese food you can get in Phoenix. I cannot convey how flavorful and wonderful and fresh the food is. Don't know what you want? No problem! Just point randomly at the menu and order something.Service: A little on the slow side, but the food is so good that I don't care. That's a very high compliment from me, because I'm NOT forgiving.Ambiance: None. This place is a dump, and I don't care: This IS Phoenix, so we're all trash anyway! (Especially YOU, Scottsdale snobs, I KNOW who you are! lol) The fluorescent lighting is lurid and harsh on the eyes. No music playing. It's a miracle that the sagging ceiling didn't fall upon our heads. This restaurant is literally on its last legs. Very much in need of a remodel and a makeover. So, put on your dirty soiled wife beater, and your flip flops, and you're set. Da Vang is devine!
5	AMBIANCE: I am a big fan of Vietnamese food, but have avoided coming to this place because people kept saying it's a dive. Well, when I arrived, I didn't think it was any more divey than most of the outdated, awful Chinese restaurants in Phoenix. I walked out of Pho House on McDowell because it was "divey" and there was practically no one in there, but then again, that is a newer restaurant. This one was packed, however. The restaurant was open and bright and coming in from triple digit heat, well-air conditioned. So, the ambiance was quite comfortable. Later, it became almost too cold, but going back outside was nice.FOOD: We started out with crispy egg rolls, which were crunchy, hot and delicious, and the shrimp spring rolls, which were loaded with cooked, cold rice noodles, veggies, and shrimp wrapped in a delicate, thin soft rice paper. We also got an appetizer (don't remember name) that looked like dolmas, cooked pork in grape leaves, that you build yourself into a roll by wetting the rice paper and loading with the fresh vegetables. Btw, I love that you get so much lettuce, mint, seasoned vermicelli noodles, cucumbers, etc. to add to whatever you get...very nice. And don't forget to add the fish sauce and any of the multitude of other sweet, savory, and spicy sauces and pastes, Sriracha included. I had the #39, which is broken rice with BBQ pork, shrimp cake, a couple cooked shrimp, meatball, and fried egg. I wanted a mixture of different things and this dish delivered. My only complaint would be that the individual shrimps were way overcooked, but this didn't ruin my experience because everything else just shined in a major way. SERVICE: It is apparent that everything is cooked to order and not just dumped from a can or stir fried from a frozen bag. Therefore, not all your dishes may come out at the same time. In fact, I really enjoyed the staggering of appetizers so that I could enjoy each one individually. But the service is efficient and always moving amongst an almost packed restaurant of tables. The server that took our order was very friendly and was able to recommend dishes and another server was able to help me identify something on another table that looked very good (the pork ribs, which I will try next time).In conclusion, thanks to my friends for encouraging me to finally try this place. The prices are extremely reasonable, so I don't care if they don't have fresh paint, music, or whatever to entice me because the food is the star attraction and what my senses are tuned into here. The ingredients are fresh, there are a ton of Asians, and it's just a good time. I will certainly be back for lunch or dinner and definitely will try the pho when I crave a hot soup. I'm not sure if I will try the other Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix. I've already been to Rice Paper, which was just okay, but sometimes having something to compare to is good. But then again, when you find something amazing that you like, it's just a waste of time and money to try something else that may disappoint.
5	Nammer pride I love this restaurant. Ever since moving away I've missed and craved Da Vang nearly every few days. They cook just like my mom cooks and the staffs have become like family to me because I was a very frequent customer. I recommend everything here especially their pho bo kho and com tam or broken rice dishes. Everything is authentic and is packed with a lot of meat and flavors that just burst in your mouth every spoonful.I am not a person who tends to order desserts, but when I come here I always get their che and a drink. This is definately a great place for a full rounded meal. Even on a scorching hot summer day a piping hot bowl of pho is still on my mind; only from Da Vang. Thank you guys.
5	I go here at least 1 a week with my wife.  I get the meatball Pho along with the BBQ pork Bahn Mi.  The food is great, cheap, and quick.  The staff is friendly, not in your typically way, but they do a good job.  Da Vang has become of my favorite places period in Phoenix.
4	The atmosphere in this place is strange.  It keeps a busy crowd and the staff is not rude, but I guess you could say indifferent.  I can't complain about that because I don't think I have ever been to a Vietnamese restaurant that was extremely hospitable.  What gets this place four stars is the food and prices.  I have had the Pho, Bun Mi, spring rolls, egg rolls, fried rice, stir fried noodles, and vermicelli and they are all really good and very cheap.  One of the few places left that you can get a delicious filling meal for under $5 still.
4	The seafood Pho was really good - squid, shrimp, fish meatball, and imitation crab. Yum!  I'd come back to try other pho varieties especially the chicken pho which looked really delicious.  The banh mi was also very fresh and good, I'm told the best in town by my friends, this was my first. The place is a little hard to find but the service is good and the people are friendly.
5	Great food, cheap and fast! Definitely going back.
4	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Phoenix!The pho is fantastic, the spring rolls are fresh, and the bun has a ton of flavor. The dishes are consistently good and so is the service. The food always comes out very fast and it's also quite cheap (about $15 for two). The only cons are the location and ambiance. The location is not the best area, and the restaurant is pretty basic. Still, my husband and I have no problem frequenting this restaurant and it is the best.
5	As the other reviewers have stated, this place is awesome!  I am leaving this review because my hubby liked his bowl of pho so much, he wanted me to leave a review for this establishment.Centrally located, inexpensive and great food.  Not much more we can ask for after a long day at the aquatic center and children's museum.2 stars for parking lot cleanliness and 5 stars for food.  We'd go back any day for the tasty pho.
5	There's a reason Yelpers are rating it so highly...the FOOD! With such great food, and low prices, it's no wonder you are never alone in DaVang. Atmosphere? Well, pretty spartan. However, an older co-worker once taught me, "You can't EAT atmosphere". Service? Not rude, just efficient...in perhaps a German sort of manner. I've had up to 4 or 5 staff(family, hangers-on?) taking care of us on any ONE visit. From bring out the appetizers, condiments, main course, cleaning off empties, etc. Very, very efficient. It is a frequent stop, for sure. The only thing I will say about the food is to echo the young lady in Vancouver who misses this place. Spread your 'pho wings' a bit and get the pho bo kho. It's got a tomato base in the broth, a bit thicker, and normally comes with thick, chewy rice noodles. You can ask for regular pho noodle, however. It's spicier, and has more meat than traditional pho. Tender chucks of beef shank, mostly. They consider it more of a stew, although not in the thick, 'gravy' texture of our yankee stews.
4	Delicious and cheap. Da Vang is pretty easy to find; it's located in a shopping strip with ample parking. The restaurant is large, clean, and very simply decorated. The staff is pretty friendly and the food is great. I recommend the pho ga, spring rolls, and bun (vermicelli bowl).
4	Very authentic, family run, family Pho house restaurant. All the food is tasty, well spiced, aromatic, hot, and fresh! You can tell it's good, they're always busy and full with pretty much all Vietnamese customers. They have nice big family sized tables and small 2-4 seater tables. Great service! The only draw back is the location but very well worth the drive!-what to expect? fresh, authentic Vietnamese food (especially Pho) for a very fair price!!save this one in your GPS fav's!
4	Just go. Take a ton of friends. You can't get a better dinner for a better price. My favorite is the pork bun. It's filled with savory ground and shredded pork, and boild egg. The dough is so fluffy and tender, I can't describe it. I haven't had anything here that I didn't enjoy. We go with family and order lots of tasty items to share.
5	So glad I found this place. The pho ga is awesome, simple chicken soup with rice noodles. Also love the 27 - seafood and chicken chow mien but with skinny slightly crispy egg noodles. Also tried the fried beef with peppers and green onion over rice which was good. Lastly, even though I'm not a big fan of the banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich) everyone says these are the best in town because of the quality of the bread. Can't wait to try new things here.
3	To be fair, Vietnamese food isn't high on my list of must-haves.  In fact, every time I go there, before I even open my mouth to speak, the staff lets me know whether they have French bread for sandwiches, because I apparently order them all the time  (and didn't realize it till they said so).Vietnamese food is overweighted towards soup and I'm not a huge soup fan.  I'm especially not a huge fan of this place's soups:  either a clear broth loaded down with noodles or something oily and heavy.  The Mi Xao Don and Mi Xao Men are the closest things to stir fry, but come with either fried noodles or actual noodles instead of rice.  But it makes no difference:  it's watery and heavy on basic vegetables with little real meat.  Most of the other "main" dishes are rice-heavy.  But this isn't the restaurant's fault:  if you know Vietnamese food, then you know Vietnamese food means "rice and ..."  or "soup"  (Pho).Now, let's go to what this uncultured Westerner DOES like:  The sandwiches are to DIE for:  simple, sandwich sized French bread stuffed with jalapenos, cucumber, pate, mint and mayo.  Or maybe one with an omelette.  There are a number of different sandwiches and while the two I mention above are my favorite, any of the others will hardly disappoint.  The spring rolls are always fresh and crisp; the egg roll is more like a Chinese "spring roll"  (while the Vietnamese spring roll is nothing like you've had before:  lettuce and shrimp --- or pork --- wrapped in rice paper ... I call them "alien rolls")..  The egg roll usually comes VERY hot, so be careful.  Wrap it up in a lettuce leaf before eating, like the Vietnamese do and find yourself surprised at how well those go together!As far as beverages go, I can't stress how good their "Thai Tea"s are.  Easily as good as in any Thai place and priced unbeatably low.In fact, this restaurant has two things going for it:  very low priced, but very authentic food and, of course, being low priced, it's a good value.  When you see that a large percentage of the clientele eating here is Vietnamese, that should be a clue as to what their own people think of the food.Now, one must have a bit of a strong stomach to eat here.  It's not the cleanest of places; very basic furniture and fixtures, and the tables so close together as to make the dining experience almost communal  (Ho Chi Minh would have been proud of this Socialist experiment in seating).  Kids are frequently here and frequently loud.  Apparently, there's an unwritten rule, that any visit to this Vietnamese restaurant must have children under two in attendance and they must scream or at least throw noodles on the floor.  You've been warned:  don't show up here in a formal gown and leave one star, because you didn't realize you'd be eating in what can best be described as a former electronics store after all its furniture's been repossessed.  And just so you know, that other loud "noise" you hear is the wait staff screaming at each other in Vietnamese like hot dog sellers in a stadium.  Don't worry:  eventually, you'll be too distracted trying to figure out what that food is in front of you to notice it at all.Overall, despite the negative sounding review, good food if you like Vietnamese; not good at all if you're expecting something similar to Thai or Chinese  (not even close).  Helpful staff  (though one time, I sat for 50 minutes while my partner ate only to be told they forgot I ordered a sandwich).  Dinner for two rarely hits about $25 and we're talking a LOT of food for that.  Cleanliness could be better, but we're not talking about a street stall in downtown Saigon with mopeds racing by.  Oh, and as long as we're on the subject of vehicles:  be prepared for an overcrowded parking lot with unusual parking.  Apparently, some Vietnamese believe that parking in the lines  (or on the street, for that matter) is optional.Oh, and one other warning:  they tend to close early (8pm) most nights, so don't dilly dally putting on your stockings.  The traffic on I-17 getting there can be murder.
5	My favorite pho place in the valley!! I got 2 bowls of soup and an amazingly delicious iced coffee for my friend and I for 13 bucks! It's a must try:)
4	Love this place - it's a bit far from my house, but when I want a good rice or pho dish with out-of-this-world soy milk, I make the trek.  Don't be too afraid by the looks of this restaurant sitting in a raggedy strip mall.  The inside doesn't get much better either.  The place is mostly run by men - and on occasion I see a female at the register.  But these guys know their stuff and are quick.  I always order their com thit nuong trung chien - translates to their bbq pork with rice and a fried egg on top. It also comes with a side of nuoc mam (fish sauce) that I love to pour over my rice and leave a little in the bowl to dip my meat in.  I love the sauce that much.  I also order as an appetizer, their goi cuon - spring rolls.  Their rice paper is so darn chewy and perfect.  I don't know where they buy it from, but I have to find them!But if you're ever there, please order the soy milk. It's made in-house and is sweet and delicious. I always order it in a large to-go cup as it's bigger than their regular glasses.
4	I've tried several Vietnamese restaurants since moving to Phoenix and this is the best if you're looking for a place that does a variety of dishes well.  Vietnamese restaurants in more densely-Viet populated areas are known for specializing in specific items even though they may have a broader menu.  Therefore, I waited until after a few visits to write a review. Da Vang wins easily over Pho Thanh, whose menu, price, and location I find comparable.  The pho broth is richer and less fatty.  The bbq pork (thit nuong) on vermicelli and rice dishes is much more authentic.  Their bo kho (beef stew) was very good and banh uot was also good.  I spotted some crispy banh xeo on other tables and I might want to try that next.  I think this will be my go to Viet spot in Phoenix.
1	I live in far north Phoenix and don't get out enough into areas with restaurants like this.  So when my wife and kids had an event nearby to attend, I took them here.  I've eaten here a couple times and enjoyed the food quite a bit.  My wife's bun was very good, as was my girls' pho.  It was fun watching my 8 year old scooping noodles out of her soup with chopsticks, refusing to use a fork!I had the chow mien and kung pao chicken.....at Panda!  My meal never showed up at Da Vang.  After asking about it 3 times, family completely done with theirs, we had to leave.  No apology, no empathy.  Just "you don't want to wait?" No, after nearly an hour for lunch with my food nowhere in site, no I don't want to wait.  Off we went to our next stop, with me at Panda while the girls shopped.  Ugh.  Oh yeah, while I was waiting, I heard the waiter tell the next table "we're out of beef soup". Really?
1	Tried Da Vang on Saturday night because of all the great reviews and to treat an out of town guest to  Vietnamese cuisine.  I will start with the service.  3 people--3 entrees ordered.  The Pho came out 25 minutes after ordering,  the next dish came 25 minutes after the PHO and the third dish.....well..... we wondered about since it was NOT arriving.  We actually thought they had forgotten about the third dish. Embarrassingly, the third dish was for the out of town guest who wanted to try Vietnamese food.  So to sum it up, the service gets rounded up to  "zero" stars.  How can you serve 3 entrees in the course of an hour and 20 minutes to the same table and have each customer eating their food alone while the others watch?  It is called "dining"  not eating because the act is part of a larger social experience.  If I wanted to "eat" I would have bought a gyro and eaten it in my car.  So, definitely a big zero for service.Now for the food.  The chicken PHO was mediocre at best.  Hubby said that on a scale of 1-10, it was a 4.  He named 6 other vietnamese restaurants who do it better including the PHO place in the Gila River Casino in Chandler.  Really Da Vang?  You allow yourself to be beat out on PHO by a casino food court outfit?  Shame on you. Pho's should be your go-to dish!   Next:Stir fried noodles with pork & shrimp.  Way below par.  Had to add Siracha sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce to get any taste out of it.  And the pork  appeared to be scraps of pork (not pieces) cut lengthwise and very thin; and by the way Da Vang, thanks for the 3 small (and I mean small) shrimp you added to the dish.  Never, never, never, never, EVER---that's what my stomach is saying about me even thinking about ordering this dish EVER again.  Next:Sauteed beef with lemongrass over rice.  This was the definite winner of the three with a score of 5 out of ten.  The beef was not trimmed and fat prevailed.  Now, I know that fat is where it's at in terms of flavor but enough is enough.  Again, fish sauce and soy sauce had to be added to make it palatable.  AND FINALLY:The spring rolls ordered with Tofu instead of shrimp and pork were good and a good value.  Other than that... Not too much to be said for Da Vang.  Between the service and the less than stellar food,  I won't be there any time soon.....  Wait......wait....., wait a minute, I hear something.........  It's my stomach ....saying NO WAY JOSE....   I guess I won't  be going back ever again.  Stomach rules!!!!!!!!
2	Our noodles were more on the uncooked side. The food had some taste , but I wouldn't come here again.
3	Pretty good pho
4	Today was my 3rd time here.  Went to lunch with a group of friends.  The place is not much on atmosphere and decor but the food is good and priced great.  I had a bowl of beef stew with rice noodles and of course could only finish half of it but took the other half home for later.  Even better when reheated.
2	Ordered a large chicken pho for takeout. (Yes, I know, original.) Guy on the phone took my order and immediately hung up. ...Guess he was busy? Good thing I've eaten pho before, so I know how long it should take.I get to the restaurant. Eh, a little dingy, but when I'm eating a bowl of good pho, the universe could implode, and I wouldn't notice. I personally didn't have any problems waiting to pay for my order (maybe five to ten minutes) but apparently from the other reviews there's sometimes a backup. I pay, but they have me wait a little longer because they thought I had ordered a small instead of a large. Only takes a few seconds, so I guess all they do is add more? Apparently so, because I had an OUTRAGEOUS amount of noodles. I mean, the whole container was almost exploding full of noodles. It didn't look like they gave me any more chicken, but the chicken was the real deal - good mix of white and dark meat.Now. The Soup for me is 95% of how I view a restaurant's pho. Theirs... sucks. It was bland, smelled strange, and just didn't do it for me. This is the second "popular" pho place I've tried that has had a weird, onion-y, dregs from the deep fryer vat smell to it. I don't know if this another regional version or something, but this ain't the pho I'm used to. I've eaten pho with Vietnamese friends, so I trust that it's been original. Where is the flavor, man? I had to dump four spoonfuls of gochujang (Korean chili pepper paste) into my soup to give it any sort of flavor, and I usually prefer to eat pho bare bones. Don't even normally stir in hoisin and sriracha.C'mon, Arizona. Is this some sort of weird initiation process I have to go through before I find a place that serves decent pho? (Now that's not totally fair; there's a place in that corner plaza on Dobson and Southern that has pretty decent pho.)
4	I had even looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant and came across this little hole in the wall place! Service was a little slow but the people there were awesome explained things and were very helpful. Food was fantastic!!
4	Great pho! I had the number 4, pho ga (chicken) and it was really delicious. Chicken was really tender white meat and it was really cheap for the price. Also ordered the coffee which comes in a little steeper thing. The coffee was good too but a little too strong for my taste. Service was fast and food was yummy!
5	Best Pho in town, I have'nt tried them all but thus far, the best.
4	I have lived in AZ for the last 7 years and have tried numerous Vietnamese restaurants but all of which fall short when compared to Da Vang. I mean don't get me wrong the place could use a little renovations and customer service can be improved but once you indulge in their delicious soups, rice dishes, and sandwiches you will be hooked for life. I love this place and I recommend it to everyone
5	I work in midtown phoenix. Da Vang is the perfect lunch get away. Quick service, spacious parking and the most important, unbeatable delicious food. My Summer favorite is their No.37 - Bun with ground shrimp and grilled pork, topped with fish sauce. Will come back again, again and again again...
5	so cheap and so good...best in phoenix!
3	Since Pho Thanh was closed today (Tuesday, their day off) I decided to give Da Vang another try. This time I ordered the rice vermicelli with grilled pork and shrimp paste slices. The dish was good but the service was slow, especially since I came here mid-afternoon, way after the lunch rush was over. So next time I need my Vietnamese food fix and it's a day other than Tuesday, I'll be headed for the nearby  Pho Thanh; for me, it has better food,  faster service, and more generous portions.
3	My husband and I along with family and friends came here today for lunch and the food is great, but service wasn't so much. I ordered the large rice noodle with beef stew, my husband had the big bowl of pho and we split an order of spring rolls. His food came out within 10 minutes and mine took about another 15 minutes. I didn't mind because I was enjoying the time with family and friends. After our meal was out I placed an order of fried rice to go and thought it would be done and ready by the time we were all done and eating. That didn't happen. I waited 20 minutes AFTER we finished our meal and paid. Overall food was great, but service wasn't. Next time I'll order the to go food when I'm ordering my meal.
5	They got that authentic Vietnamese flavor for that low low
4	We come here often, despite my stark lack of check in's because I suspect their restaurant walls are lead lined, or perhaps T-Mobile's crappy network doesn't reach 19th Avenue and Camelback?  Anyway, we do come here often.  I like their food, I like their prices and I like their service.  The food here is maybe a half a star less than the food at the other Viet place right up the street, but the service is a tad friendlier here and I have never, ever been approached for money by a panhandler in the parking lot at Da Vang, whereas I've never NOT been approached in the parking lot at the other place.  It's a simple as that, good food, great prices, friendly service and no gauntlet of panhandlers to brave in the parking lot.
5	This is the only place that my family likes to go out to eat.  We don't eat out at Mexican(by the way we are), Chinese(yuck)and American(no taste)food places due to the fact  that the food they serve is not good.  Vietnamese food is the tastiest and most delicious food in this world. The staff is very friendly and  the food is first rate compared to other places here in Arizona. Highly recommend every food item including all the dessert drinks. I don't care for ambience since I can't eat it. So it's a little place without much decoration but who cares what a place looks like when the food is first rate.
4	Great unassuming little place, while I'd consider it a bit of a "hole in the wall", it is clean and well presented. I'd much rather have fair prices and good food in a less than stellar environment.  Plus if you've actually been to Vietnam, you'd realize the grungier the place,the more authentic it is, but I digress. Prices are cheap, really cheap. My wife ordered an egg noodle duck soup and I had a combination broken rice plate. My wife complained about the broth being a bit bland (but she always does, and restaurant soup broths are never as good as a homemade) but it was still very tasty. My broken rice dish (com) came with shredded pork, grilled pork, shrimp balls, egg cage and an egg over easy. While it wasn't quiet as good as I've had in Little Saigon in Garden Grove, CA it was still very tasty.  Lastly the staff were all very friendly and attentive ( a rarity in our experience with Vietnamese owned restaurants)
4	Been to Da Vang several times but first time to Yelp it.Chris H. Is right on target.  The food is true Vietnamese. When my companion and I get tired of the same Asian chain offerings we make the special trip from Ahwatukee and never regret it.   The atmosphere may not be comfortable for some but we dig it plus you can't be the prices, service and always with a smile!   Would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for 2 things... no vegetarian menu BUT just ask and they will make you a tasty noodle vegetable tofu dish and they close so early @8pm even on wkends!
5	I recently got relocate to Phoenix from las vegas at first I was so depressed because there is no 24hr pho restaurants like there is in las Vegas and to me eating pho and going to walmart at 3am is my favorite thing to do.I came to this restaurant today because all the good reviews after work and let me tell you.it was the best bowl of pho I ever had I got the fried rice with chicken and pork and a no 1 large and my friend got s regular no 1 and the bill was only $18.50 wow what a good price and I told myself I want to eat here everyday lol
4	I've been coming to good old Da Vang for 10+ years now.  I first stumbled upon this eatery when my high school friends [did I just age myself?] took me here for lunch.  It was love at first bite~The food is cheap, plentiful, and extremely tasty.  While the parking lot isn't in the best shape and the restaurant itself is as alluring as a dumpy gas station, come for the food!  Just make sure you don't need to use the restroom...  ick!  Service here is decent.  They always try to speak Vietnamese to me even though I'm not Viet.  Anyways, give this little hole-on-the-wall a try!  The food definitely makes up for the lack of ambiance.
3	No vegetarian pho or bah mi sandwiches, which was unfortunate. The staff was nice and found something they could prepare.
5	Phoenix, you are lucky! Such delicious flavors for such low prices. We ate whatever we wanted and then some for only - wait for it - $19!!!!! I'd be pumped if we lived closer to this place. Go here!
4	Place is quite casual and since I m a quite informal and casual person so I kinda like it. Food was unique, it was like a variation of Chinese food but Vietnamese style. ProReasonably priced menu.Decent environmentCons There is only one restroom( keeping in mind that it has a capacity to accommodate 50 people.Takes a while to get the ordered item.
5	This fits the mold of your stereotypical hole in the wall but it's my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town. By far my favorite place to get pho to cure a hangover or to satisfy a craving.
4	Last Saturday we decided to go out for Pho for lunch.  It was my first time having Pho so it was a cool experience.   The price is great and it was only $6 for a bowl of Pho I think I put a little too much chili oil my pho, it was getting a little warm in the restaurant. It was all good because it helped with my sinus and it was amazing too.  I will have to come back and try a different flavor next time. This time I had the one with meatballs in it.  :-)
5	The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho! They have a variety  of other dishes that are also oh so good.  Such as the Shrimp and Pork Spring Rolls and BBQ Chicken rice plate.  Don't forget the little containers of Che in the fridge on your way out.  Haven't found a place yet in Phoenix that beats out Da Vang on flavor and price.
5	Authentic, delicious Vietnamese food. All staff are nice, food is always great. Our good friend brought us here and now we can't stop from coming back!I often order 37, a great vermicelli bowl.
5	Alright, oh dang, Da Vang! By far the best and most affordable Pho joint in town. I would say its authentic, but I've never been to Vietnam. Great food -- even more amazing is the cost!Please understand though, its the real deal. The restaurant is in a dimly lit strip mall that's easy to miss. Look for the water dispensary in the parking lot. When you walk in you'll probably notice its older and surprise, surprise full of Vietnamese!Don't expect the ambience of the Rice Paper Eatery. At Da Vang you'll be greeted by Vietnamese, not hipsters. My recommendation: Beef Pho, fried rice, and spring rolls.
5	The most amazing Vietnamese food in Phoenix. It's where the local Vietnamese go to eat, so you KNOW it's good!
4	ending up eating here for dinner last nite by shear chance. i was wnting to go to another vietnamese restaurant close by however they were closed for new year holiday and will not open until Feb 8. So ive been to Da Vang in the past but its been a while. when we arrived the car park was almost full to capacity. and as we approached the restaurant it was clear that all the motorist were their for Da Vang. because it was full almost to capacity. We were seating promptly and are drink order was taken. Two of us wanted fresh coconut, we were told they were out at the moment. So we all ordered water. two of us ordered tamarind soup with shrimp and vegetables, and the other ordered pork chop with rice and tomatoe. My soup was delicious, their was plenty of it, it was a large bowl of soup full of broth, vegetables and lots of shrimp. I asked my server for a side of bean sprouts, basil, jalepenos and limes and they did not skimp on that either. They did not charge me for the additional side plate.they soup is served with a bowl of white rice and even the amount of rice was more then enough. My friends pork chop plate was 5.25 and he said he was still a bit hungry. But he like the food said it was delicious. My soup was 8.50If I was to say any thing at all that could improve Da Vang... more vegetarian options. I think theirs only two vegetarian items on the menu. And that they would offer brown rice that would be a big + for me. I will return the food is delicious.Forgot to mention..... FYI they use monosodiumglutamate in their food. I asked our server if they use msg and he said yes they do I asked him if they could not put it in our food. His response was "its already in the food" I don't quite understand what that means. I requested that they don't add any extra and he said that they would not. I myself am very sensitive to msg. So I try to avoid it.
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town. I'm originally from Houston where there was a huge Vietnamese population so food was in abundance. finding a good Vietnamese restaurant was a huge concern for me when I moved here. Da Vang has a pretty extensive menu of most of the Vietnamese food well represented. Pho and bun thit nuong are my usual go to, both are good here. Price is probably the lowest I've seen in town. Good food and good prices! Win-win. A must go!--keep eatin'
3	I want to start off with that I am not that familiar with Vietnamese cuisine but I am absolutely willing to go back. I ordered the #39 which had been recommended by a number of people but I have to admit that when I tried it a good portion of the balls, sausage?, and fried rice tasted like seafood spam but the pork and the perfectly cooked rice were effing delicious. Like I said another try is in order so maybe will be a rating change.
2	ate here again just the other day. myself and two friends. and I hate to have to give this updated review, because I genuinely like this place.I ordered tamarind soup and one of my friends ordered beef pho and the other ordered shrimp fried rice. everything was fine to start but myself and my friend who ordered shrimp fried rice both felt warm and uncomfortable after we ate. for me like my blood pressure was going up. then my friend said his stomache was bothering him and he said he does not want to go back to da vang. I know from past experiences that what was causing that was the use of MSG.  Again I really like this place, I wish they would stop using MSG and I would return in a heart beat. I know that they are not the only restaurant that uses MSG. But I also avoid other restaurants that use this artificial food contaminent. I hope Da Vang takes a moment and thinks about their health and the health of all of their customers and eliminates MSG.
4	This area of town has many Vietnamese options and this one sits in the middle of the pack. There are only a few vegetarian options and one must search them out in the menu. I had the stir fired veggies with egg noodles 4.69 +1 for tofu.  The flavors were pretty standard and the noodles were good, what was lacking was the spice condiments, there was just siriacha and sambal, none of the garlic chilie oli you may find at other Pho places.  Server was marginal, it will not impress anyone
4	Ended up trying this place when Pho Thanh was closed, and I'm glad I did. Pulled up in the parking lot and this place was poppin'! Good selection of viet food and prices were reasonable. Bun bo hue wasn't bad, although there was a bit of a wait for the food (25-ish min?). Not bad, overall good bang for your buck I'd say.
3	Friday night and the place was packed.  We had a UYE with about 15 people in the center of the restaurant.  The staff had their A game on and people and food were in constant movement.  I had a couple of rolls followed by a stir fry that was quite a generous portion.  I would have left out some of the ingredients but it was good.  We ended up under a couple of a/c vents and decided it may have been warmer outside, even in January (ok I stretched that a little but nobody took off their coats). Restaurant food can quite often be judged by what the diners chooses.  Based on what I ordered I prefer Da Vang to Pho Thanh.  Both places I ordered a similar stir fry and I was the only one who did.
4	I'm in Phoenix for the week on business, and was craving pho. I took a chance on this place cause it's close to my hotel and got good reviews here. Got the #1 and an order of egg rolls. The pho was top notch -- the egg rolls were good, but not great. I'll definitely make a point to come back while I'm here.
5	Love the chicken pho and egg roles.  Huge bowls and does not cost alot.  They also serve orange cream soda :)
3	This place seem authentic. This is a good thing. I am not saying that you walk in and believe you wormholed yourself to little Saigon, but authentic enough to believe that what they create in their kitchen is what you could get served in the most Vietnamese establishment the Americas has to offer. Like someone said "Pho is what happens when former child soldiers pour hot rainwater over fish nightmares" and I was dying to try it. And as much as I did enjoy the freshness of it, I must say that it didn't impress me the way I expected it to. In retrospective I am not sure what I possibly could have expected, having had extensive culinary adventures in Asia. I will have to come to terms on my feeling regarding Pho somewhere down the road. I did taste a sandwich here as well, and that was surprisingly tasty. I wouldn't come here just for the sandwich, but if I find myself here again I am quite certain that I will sample more of their menu. All this being directed to the food, I must say as far as service at atmosphere goes - there isn't much of either. But as long as one comes for a particular item I am sure that this place will please food-wise, not experience-wise.
5	One of my all times favorite restaurant regardless of price.  All i have to say is go there and try it.  Always a delicious!  Always a treat!
4	I would never have assumed that I'd have so many options for pho in Phoenix. Looking on Yelp, quite a few Vietnamese restaurants were received very well. I settled on Da Vang, which turned out to be exactly the kind of place I picture when I think of a pho restaurant. Well, the outside was a little more plain than necessary.But you can't read a book by its cover, you know. Da Vang was actually having a lunch rush, with people coming in and out all the while. The decor is nothing fancy. The chair I was sitting on was pretty worn out, and the brown walls could use repainting. It's definitely a place with history.Da Vang has a big menu with all the standard fare, plus some family meals (Chinese dishes), banh mi (for only $2.50!) and even lau (Vietnamese hot pot). Pho was really cheap here, ranging from $4.75-5.50 for regular sizes and an extra $1.50 for large. I had my usual pho tai nam, at $5.25, and it came out in five minutes.For the first time ever, the pho arrived before my garnishes, though they were delivered soon after. The first taste of the broth was pleasing. It was light and clear, with a skilled use of spices. I thought it had the perfect degree of saltiness, and it was a little tangy even without lime. As for the meat, the rare steak was almost fully cooked, unsurprising because it was placed under the flank steak. Personally, I would have put it on top, but what do I know? The slices of flank were the fattiest ones I've ever eaten, too. Regardless, both types of meat were tender and had good flavor. The noodles were cooked to perfection, too.Rating Breakdown:Taste (11/14):Broth flavor- 4/5Noodle & meat quality- 4/5Garnish selection- 1/2Portion size- 2/2Restaurant (12/16):Service- 3/5Cleanliness- 4/5Atmosphere- 3/4Speed of arrival- 2/2Total: 23/30Read more about my phoventures at www.phoacrossamerica.com
4	We came with a group of Yelpers and this place delivers. Get the spring rolls. I don't know which but just get some. They were amazing. The phos were good. Probably the second best I've had in the valley. The place is popular and deserves it. But just keep in mind that it can get crowded and chaotic. Definitely one of the best pho experiences I've had around here.
4	Decent pho place in the valley, still haven't found anything compared to the places in westminister
5	Still have not found a better Pho place. This place might look ghetto af on the outside and inside but honestly their pho is great. Plus the price is also still the cheapest I've found in phoenix, 4.50 for a big bowl of pho!
5	I've been coming here for 25 years. I'm always happy when I eat at Da Vang. LOVE the chicken curry and spring rolls. Hot pot is fun with a group.
5	Everyone here is cool as heck, food good and price is super sheep lol.. Can't go wrong w/ this place. Don't expect the world for $5.00 this place is what it is.
4	Good, but I've had better pho elsewhere in the valley.First of all, order the spring rolls. They were fantastic and huge. Pretty sure I could have made a meal out of just those, especially since they were cheap. The pho was good, but I've had better elsewhere. It had good flavor and lots of ingredients, it just lacked...something. They get one extra star for the price though- a dollar or two cheaper than I'm used to paying for similar food. Service was fantastic even for our large table on a busy night.
1	I am so upset!!!! :(Idk if I should be angry at myself or them but I went in and did takeout of their Pho Da Vang and when I finally got to my desk to eat it, the meat was completely raw ! I tried calling them to ask them if I was supposed to request cooked meat and he thought I was ordering a bowl of Pho. Guess I'm skipping lunch today.
4	This restaurant is not to far behind Pho Thanh. I think they have better fried egg rolls. And the costumer service is better than Pho thanh. The only thing is pho thanh garnishes the dish better. They give you more garnishments. Also pho thanh uses lime, and Da vang uses lemon. But in my opinion the pho is just as good.
5	AWESOME!! If you don't love this place we can not be friends... It is delicious and authentic!!  I recommend the Pho Thai, it's what I always get. The service was extremely fast and people who work there were amazing as well, very friendly. You can take out, pick up or dine in whatever you choose to do you will not be disappointed. Very reasonably priced as well. I can't wait to go back to Da Vang!!
2	California has much better vermicelli. The fish oil had no flavor. The grilled pork wasn't seasoned like it should and the vermicelli not good.
4	Springs rolls had big portions of lettuce, mints, rice noodles and spring. The sauce was perfect!
4	Ok... let me warn you... DO NOT BE ALARMED BY THE FRONT OF THE BUILDING. I had just moved into the area and needed a pho place to satisfy my weekly cravings. This one really did not fall short of the reviews I read. The pho was fantastic, and the spring rolls were stuffed full of delicious shrimp and veggies. The price was way less than I would expect, the whole meal was around $6 and I saved most of the spring rolls for dinner. One thing I do wish about the spring rolls was a better sauce. The sauce they have for it is a bit syrup-y but I can deal.
5	the absolute best Pho I have EVER had.  That broth is perfection.  Like, really, perfection.  It has the perfect flavor.  I don't know what it is, but it is amazing.  The restaurant is seriously no frills.  I realized that I don't need frills.  I need Pho.  Good Pho.  I can't say that the front isn't a bit disturbing, but I can look past it, because the soup is just so good.  I highly recommend this place.  Highly.  Seriously.  I wanna go there right now.
4	There's no way you can go wrong with a GIGANTIC bowl of pho after a rough night out. So, go extra large or go home. That magical mixture of salt/msg, soup, and meat just tells your hangover to 'shut the fuck up.'I feel like I'm stealing food at their prices, so I'm coming back no matter what.  Sadly though, the service was horrendous as it took 25 minutes for 2 bowls of pho to come out. And they got our appetizer order wrong. But yeah, brb next weekend.
5	This place is fantastic!  Every time I go I try something different.  The family who owns, cooks and serves at Da Vang are very attentive, give great advice on what to try and really work hard to make your experience a good one!  Love, Love Love!
4	The hubby and I come here once a month for my pho cravings, his fried rice, and the egg rolls. It is located in a seedy looking location but we don't mind since the food is good and affordable. Avoid coming here during prime time (lunch and dinner) because service is very slow even though there seems to be a lot of people working at those times.
5	You want authentic?  You want the real thing?  You want inexpensive? Go to this place. The crepes are perfect. Just go and order by number.
1	Saw such great reviews but was very disappointed. The Pho was overpowered with star anise and something else. Not very well balanced in flavors like I'm used to with Pho Thanh close by and homemade pho. I ordered the #1 and got maybe 1 edible piece of brisket and the rest was tripe. Read good reviews on the banh mi sandwiches but they were out of bread. I will most likely not be back again as it was memorable in a bad way.
5	The best Pho EVER!!!! I've been to quite a few Vietnamese restaurants in the valley and non come close!!! It all starts with the broth and they have mastered that!!! If you love Pho, do yourself a huge favor and go to De Vang, you will fall in love!!! Pure Bliss!!!
5	Our favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Phoenix, hands down.  Incredible pho broth used in their bowls.  Plates have all been great also...
3	That Viet coffee though.
5	I went to Pho Thanh a few times before because of Yelp's review but today I had a lunch here. I think I like Da Vang better, because of bigger parking, clean restaurant, more waiters working, cooler indoor and a little cheaper. I always order stir fried rice noodles with meat, shrimp and vegetables, more veges and I like it. I enjoyed very much and can't wait to have a lunch again.
5	What a great find. My wife and I went here for the 1st time a few days ago. She made me take her back again today for lunch. The restaurant itself is typical Mom n Pop Asian style decor...nothing fancy in other words. I'm not there to look at the walls, I want great food and this place has it. Busy both times we have been, but never had to wait for a table or good service. Chit-chat is a minimum when ordering and food comes out relatively quickly. Beef Pho is awesome as well as the fresh spring rolls and fried ones. The portions are ample and the prices are cheap. It's clean, quick, friendly and most importantly YUMMY! We've found a new Vietnamese place to frequent! YES!
4	This is also very good Pho.  I think I still prefer Song Lynn over this but this is still really great Pho.  This place is slightly cheaper than Song Lynn which is great but same problem I had, the bowl is too small.  I wasn't even asked if I wanted a large bowl or not so when it came out I was disappointed by the portion size.  Taste wise, great Pho.  Price wise, perfect.  Portion size, disappointing.  Get the large bowl if you're getting Pho.
4	Great staff, awesome eat-in or take home experience.  Fish sauce to die for.  The best Vietnamese food in the Valley.
5	5 stars for a place whose first impression screams, "what health code risks?"  You know you have stumbled onto greatness when you look around and most of the patrons are from the motherland.  Without question, a Vietnamese restaurant's legitimacy is measured by the quality of the ubiquitous pho broth.  Da Vang's has all of the earthy, aromatic, citrusy, salty richness that a pho connoisseur seeks when sitting down to a steamy bowl.  Add the bean sprouts and torn herbs, a squeeze of lime, and some peppers for hotness, and you are reveling in savory satisfaction.   Truth be told I've been here a dozen times, and despite the allure of the rest of the menu, I have ordered the large bowl of pho every single time.
2	Went based on the Yelp rating, and if I were to somehow go back, it would be an "order-out". Even just looking for it, it was hard to believe that a place rated so high on Yelp would be in such a crappy area and mall! The inside just seems dirty, the windows are hard to see out of, it looks like nothing has been moved around in years. If the food knocks you out, you get over that grime and dust, but the food here was just medocre.  Nothing great, nothing bad, just ok. We had pho, bbq pork, spring rolls, egg rolls and noodles.  Charge me more, clean the place, and maybe I'd come back and give it another shot!
4	Been coming here for years. Rude service and semi-cleanliness= ridiculously great vietnamese grub! If you can ignore the above then you'll sure to be able to enjoy the food! Cheap, semi- fast, great selection from noodle soups to hot pots to penny wort juice and even pate or bbq pork sandwiches;you cant go wrong with this place. Just don't try and modify the menu selections and don't even think about asking questions, so you should be familiar with the food or you just may end up with the coagulated blood soup bowl. Sux that they close so early too(8pm). Delicious.
5	Hands down best PHO in PHX
3	I tried this place when first relocating to the Melrose area and was satisfied with their pho. Their Pho is flavorful and spring rolls were great as well. It's not the best I've tried and I've taken a couple of people to this place and have agreed that It's good but not GREAT!
4	I don't know why it's taken me so long to write this review. I guess it's hard to have a good, well rounded picture of a place when you don't stray very far from your usual dish. I always order pho tai and add lots and lots of Thai basil and chile paste and oil. Mmhmm! Now I know I'm Mexican, and my go to hangover cure should be menudo, but... Man pho is just as good if not better. And I love that this place opens at 8am! Not that I'd ever be up that early with a hangover. But I'm a sucker for a warm bowl of steamy noodles anytime, and even more so when I feel like ass.This particular bowl of pho is very consistent. The only thing I don't like about this place is that the service hasn't always been the best, and the place feels dirty on a regular basis. I do love that this place is a really inexpensive bowl of pho. In times when I am not at my richest I can grab a bowl of pho and be full the entire day. That's the best. The child really likes the bahn mi here as well so that is a bonus.
5	So glad I found this place! Authentic and fresh pho soup!! One of my favorite places so far and so affordable! Don't let the area or outside fool you, it's awesome Vietnamese food!
2	Today I had Bun with egg roll & chicken, spring rolls, Thai tea, & Rau Ma. I was not thrilled to say the least!! The spring rolls still have the shrimp entrails (poop) in them..... Gross!!Eggrolls were greasy & the chicken was WAY overcooked.
4	We went here because Maxim and Pho Thanh were both closed. All of the good Pho in Phoenix seems to be nestled around 19th Ave between Osborn and Camelback which is not my favorite part of town. Don't let the sketchy area put you off, it's worth venturing into the hood. The prices are  incredible. We got two orders of spring rolls, two bowls of pho, and two desserts (SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT OH. MY. GAH.) our bill came out to $23.  The service was "meh" at best, but this is not the kind of restaurant you go to for ambiance, or service, you patronage this establishment because you want authentic cuisine. I could eat here on a daily basis, and it's so cheap that I could afford to.
5	Still the best in my book. Over 100 visits in the last year and I've been going here for several years now. I've tried other places and they don't compare. The pho here is the best in the valley. I've been to 10 other places and none of them even come close. Not on flavor and certainly not on price. I've switched from the 48 to the 48b (I like the BBQ pork more) and I've gone to ordering a Bahn Mi every visit. Most other pho places, for 2 orders of pho and a couple appetizers, will run $30 for 2 people with tip. I'm consistently leaving Da Vang for $20 including a generous tip.They are friendly, they refill your drinks continuously. They remember their regulars and our orders. What is not to like? The neighborhood? Get out of your hole! ...Just don't use the east entrance... that incline is a killer! Use the entrance off the side street to the north. Your car will thank you.
5	Best pho ever. Far outshines any of the pho I've ever had in LA, San Diego, New York, or SF.  I'm not sure why since I didn't think Phoenix had a particularly populous Vietnamese community.The broth is light, clean, and can be on the fatty side but it don't matter when the broth tastes this amazinggggg.The cuts of raw and cooked beef are always tender and never stringy or tough.Also good are their spring rolls, egg rolls, egg noodle with shrimp and pork (#22), and bahn mi. I personally loooove the BBQ pork, those baguettes ain't no joke. The worst thing is when you eagerly bite into a bahn mi only to CUT YOUR MOUTH ON ITS ROUGH EDGES.  Don't worry about that here, the bread is soft, chewy and delightful.The waiters are super nice and friendly, you'll basically be served by the same people every time you go, which gives this no frills, all-about-the-food joint a familiar, comfortable atmosphere.I drove straight here from LA, before going to my parents house....I might love this place too much lol
5	15.95 for two bowls of pho and 2 orders of goi cuon spring rolls. It tasted yummy!!
3	First time at Da Vang today.  Six of us arrived at 2:00 PM on a Sunday afternoon and it was nearly full, which was a great sign.We were seated immediately and my first impression of the place was: cafeteria and Chinatown dive have a baby, so the food better deliver.Water and menus were brought to the table quickly.  I ordered the Pho with sliced beef brisket and a Bahn Mi sandwich with shredded pork.The Pho was good but I thought the broth, which is the backbone of Pho, was a bit weak.  Hoisin, jalapenos, bean sprouts and basil really helped round out the flavor.  The Bahn Mi was very disappointing.  There was about 1-2 ounces of shredded pork, along with the requisite shredded carrots, daikon rashes, etc., on a crusty roll that they called French bread.  The sauce seemed like they spread mayonnaise on the roll.  Don't know what that was about.The prices were acceptable, with most of the Pho offered around $3-4 for a large bowl.  I had to leave before everyone else, so i don't know how the other meals fared.  Hopefully they were better than mine.
4	No ambiance or customer service, but excellent food at more than excellent prices. I have tried various phos, com the rice dishes, apps, and bun the noodles. All are great and super inexpensive.
3	Good location for a quick and fresh meal!The location could be more presentable, as well as the interior. Overall, it has still been a relatively expected experience.The food was good and fresh! It has been served fresh and with adequate silverware and sauces. Liked it and would definitely come back for a quick, delicious and fresh mean, but not a meaningful dinner/meal with vendors, clients or friends and family. Good food tough!
5	I am addicted to this place. The pho, BBQ pork and salt and pepper catfish are all amazing.
4	I can't stop coming here. Hands down my favorite place for Pho. I always order the 1b, and 48b. An extra large bowl of pho, and bbq pork spring roll. I would eat here everyday if I could. Friendly place, fantastic food, and very inexpensive.
5	This restaurant has consistently delicious food, no matter what I order. The pho is especially good. It comes in a huge bowl that I can sometimes barely even eat half of. Everything seems fresh and the restaurant could look nicer, but it does look clean. Serving sizes are very large and generous, so you can easily share with the whole table. For this type of restaurant, I believe the service is nice, since if you're paying less than $10 per person, you can't exactly expect the same service as a $100 per person restaurant. This is a Vietnamese restaurant and the servers may not be native English speakers, but it is easy to communicate and understand, so don't be deterred. The food is delivered quickly, so we never are left waiting very long.
5	me encanta!!! la mejor comida vietnamita que.he probado.. los precios muy bajos... la verdad lo recomiendo...  aparte de la comida mexicana, esta es mi favorita... yummyy!! ;)
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but these are always the best places anyway! We get #22 and a #50 to split. If you're a picky eater, probably not the place for you, but if you like Vietnamese, this is one of the best places in Phoenix.
1	If only zero star was available. We have had given this place so many chances, based on other people's reviews. But now we have given up on it. We ordered rice plate with pork chop; the pork chop was old, dried and re-heated in the microwave before being brought out to us. Does anyone know good Vietnamese restaurants in the valley?
5	First sit down vietnamese restaurant I've been to in Phoenix. Most of their dishes are under $6, banh mi is $3 and che (vietnamese desserts) are $2. Mike and I ordered the banh xeo, a vietnamese coffee, bun bo hue and a com nem nuong.... hey, I just got off the plane and my eyes were bigger than my stomach okay? LOL... everything was good and definitely worth the $18 including tax. Geez, I can't even get a bun bo hue and a com nem nuong for $18 in Nashville. I will definitely be returning!!
4	Have had lunch here several times. The food is very good, you are served very quickly and the prices are cheap! The over all place is kinda divey, and is located in a small strip mall with very small parking. Being said, there is always a line when I  have gone and will continue to go. I recommend the Pho and the spring rolls. Very flavorful.
3	It was ok. There are better pho places in Phoenix like pho thanh or 43rd express. I thought I give it a try since the reviews gave it a good rating.  Nothing special here.
5	My daughter was craving for some Pho and I went to a couple of them in the Valley since I lived here. I only lived in AZ for about 6 years now, and I haven't really found a really good Pho place.  Some were mediocre.  My daughter has moved from San Jose, California since January 2014. So I was not sure what Pho place to bring her to.  I found this place in Yelp which gave raving reviews.  I did not know what to expect as we are so use to the Pho in San Jose.  My daughter wanted somewhere close which this place was about 20 minutes away, which is pretty far in our books. So we decided to go anyways as we like to try different spots. It was well worth it.  Most Asian Pho places accept only cash, this place does accept credit cards which we are happy about.  And this place is dirt cheap. My daughter loved the Pho and spring rolls that she ordered.  There is also a Boba place next door which I yet need to try.  I gave this place a 5 star and highly recommended. I will bring my family the next time we visit. Good job Da Vang!
5	So I like the rice dishes here (com) their spring rolls and giant Pho 1b are amazing too.  You gotta try the pork chop or their rice combo plate .  Great!
5	The food here is very authentic, fresh, and delicious. The soups are amazing. The prices are very reasonable. The staff is very friendly. The food is very practical for take-out. My favorite is the Soup no. 1 with shrimp (not on menu) and their spring rolls with BBQ pork. They are always busy but very efficient and hard-working.
5	Truly the best Pho in the valley, Been coming here 10 years. I also love the beef stew...
4	I am have stopped in regularly over the years. Outstanding selection of Pho and what I believe to be the best Bahn Mi in town. Regarding the sandwiches, I have had them all, but favor the bbq pork. Try the spring rolls, also excellent !
3	3.5 stars. I've come here many many times with my family--they all love it but I'm not so gung ho about it.Last time I went, they gave us lettuce and bean sprouts for our little condiment plate... LETTUCE? what? I want BASIL, not LETTUCE.... we asked for basil and they brought some, but it was weird.Also, their pho broth is usually good, but last time I went it was luke warm. My familys' soups were all good and hot but mine was so luke warm it didn't even cook my rare beef they put in at the very end! I had to put my beef in my sister's bowl of duck pho in order for it to cook and then eat it... I was sort of mad about it.Also, sometimes their broth is too fatty. I like it barely fatty, which is how most places serve it, but I don't like when I feel like I'm drinking fat.All that being said, it is a great pho place. Like any vietnamese restaurant, you can't really expect great service or anything so this is solely on the food. Compared to LA Pho, this is amazing (LA pho sucks, surprising right?) so it's great to have when I'm in the area but last time was just disappointing.Tip: the coconut jello with coconut meat and coconut milk dessert is really great (if you like coconut lol)!
5	Pho is the best Vietnamese comfort food.My suggestion is to take the menu and close your eyes point and you will always land on something delicious... Don't let the ingredients scare you! Take a chance and you will find bliss.
4	I liked the Pho it was very tasty, the food came very late for my boyfriend, The place is not fancy at all but food is really good.
4	The best Vietnamese in Phoenix, as it was the one we went to.My wife and I had their pho tai nam and shared a plate of their broken rice dish special.The pho tasted home cooked with some fat just like the one we made at home during Christmas.  The meat was done perfect and tender tasty.  The noodles were cooked good.  The ingredients were great.The broken rice dish special came with 2 kinds of fish cake, egg cake and grilled pork.  Because the food took a while, I did not send it back, when there was a piece of hair on the egg cake (refer to my picture of it and zoom in on the top).  The dish was done perfectly.  The fish sauce was good.  Of course, I didn't eat the extra ingredient, I picked the area with hair and placed it on the table.  After we left the restaurant, we noticed it did not have shredded pork and pork skins.  But the dish was executed perfectly in all the meats, vegetables and rice.The service was pretty good.The conversations the staff had were in Cantonese and Vietnamese, so I am guessing the owners are Chinese from Vietnam.A place to come back to.The prices were cheap and decent.I almost forgot, for this place, the food is good, but yes, you have to deal with their creepy restrooms.  I felt their restroom was similar to one that you would find in a hospital basement.
4	I used to go to Pho Tanh until my buddy told me of this place.  At the time, I had already been unhappy with the poor unfriendly attitude of Pho Tanh.  I mean seriously, is it that hard to say hello to people, to smile, to greet them as you seat them?  These are your customers!  Well, Da Vang is definitely friendlier, all with exception of one of the ladies.  She's a grouch if I'm to be honest.  And I'm almost positive it was her that every single time I ordered and asked for whatever on the side (as in spiracha), she never got it right!  Happened like 6 times in a row.  Finally, I just bought a bottle from the store as to not deal with the incompetence.I know...why wouldn't I check myself after the 3rd time, right?
4	Very traditional and delicious.  I enjoy the atmosphere better than Pho Thanh.
5	Hole in the wall. Great pho. Great Vietnamese food period. Don't expect most of the serving staff to speak English though. But the place is filled with tons of Vietnamese people.. Which I always take as a good sign. Ask for Hung. Best sever ever :)
3	Not the best Pho but not bad. It has a slight gamey flavor and they skimp on the amount of meat they put in. However, great appetizers and soy milk! Quiet ambiance. Easy to go by yourself if you choose. I do most times for Pho.
