5	the spinatos just open a new location in 7th st.food is great and the crew is really frienly!i have the 11inches  canadian and sousage is amazing and the desssert is so good and refreshing.will be back soon!
5	i love this new spinatos good food and friendly staff!
1	Used their take out services - pizza and spaghetti.  Both were terrible.  Took a few bites and threw the rest away.  What a waste of good money
5	i came to this new spinatos great foo,nice atmosphere,good location right next to bashas this neighborhood need a place here!
5	spinatos  got a great food  nice staff.this neighbor need  this kind a food like this!
2	Beautiful place. Hour to get our food after watching people come in-eat-and go...  Lame
4	We arrived a little after 6 on the Friday after Thanksgiving.  It was also very soon after this location opened.  Although we were told we had a 30 - 35 minute wait, we waited over an hour.  There were 7 of us, however.  We have long been fans of Spinato's pizzas.  They have been our go-to, locally-owned pizzeria.  The remodel of this outdated building is great.  They really did a fabulous job with the design.  The patio with fireplace is great.  We also enjoyed the expanded menu.  Prices are still reasonable, and the service was perfect.
1	Atmosphere was pretty, noisy though.  Bar area is nice.  Food was very good served very hot. But had to wait a ling time for drinks ( they weren't that busy to warrant that). Then after food was served had to wait for plates server forgot for eating Calzone.The servers were all very pleasant but inept.I ordered a pasta dish, $10.95.  I asked if it came with bread or salad, was told it did not that i would have to order bread separately, I did, and then when my pasta came it did include one piece of garlic toast.Spinatos has always had great pizza.  In the future I probably won't go to dine in, but just get take out pizza.  Then I don't have to tip for service I didn't get.I would just as soon go to Babbos for pasta and their unlimited yummy bread if I want to eat in.
4	Same great food just a new/better location. If you're used to the location near 12th St and Glendale this is definitely an upgrade. The restaurant is a lot bigger and can accommodate many more people. I went for the first time last night and yet again had a great experience. There was a lot of people so I had about a 20 minute wait. I would recommend calling ahead to make a reservation. Relaxed atmosphere huge bar and patio area. Also this location has it's own take out area so you want be cluttered in the host area like the smaller location.
1	We have been going to the 12th Street/Glendale Spinatos for about 10 years -- since well before it was still a BYOB pizza joint years ago.  We were eager to share the new location with family visiting from Boston and Oakland, along with my elderly parents on the eve of my Dad's 81st birthday.I know, you shouldn't go to a new restaurant in the first few weeks.  But this is Spinatos -- they have 5 restaurants with a hundred years of experience.  Surely they will open a restaurant right.  Right?  Wrong.  We were there the same night as RD above, the Friday after Thanksgiving.  This was a first week nightmare at the new Spinatos.  4:30 Called to alert them we had a group of 12 coming in an hour.  They don't take reservations yet, but was told it would not be a problem since they have lots of room.5:30  We were told wait would be 20-25 mins.  Hmmm.  OK. Went to the bar with our 12 (7 adults/5 kids) and had a drink. 6:10 40 minutes in.  Hostess said it'll be just more 10 minutes.  Just waiting for a party to pay. Said we could go next door to order ahead to save time.  We did (turned out to be a bad move, b/c then we were "pot committed" to stay there....)6:20:  50 minutes in.  Hostess again promised our table was almost ready.  I checked where she planned to put us and all the tables were occupied with new customers.6:30:  1 hour in.  We finally got to speak with a manager.  He apologized profusely for their inept hostess staff that kept promising us tables that weren't there...Said it would be another 25 minutes.7:00 90 minutes in.  Finally seated at a mishmash of different sized tables cobbled together in the back room.  Food that we had pre-ordered almost an hour before we were seated still took another 15 minutes to arrive.  Half our party had to leave as soon as the food got there.  We packed up the rest and left shortly afterwords.EXTREMELY disappointing.  The kicker:  a table of 14 that got there AFTER us was seated BEFORE us.   "Why?" I asked.  "Well, they called ahead" I was told.  Are you kidding me -- so did I, and you don't take reservations.In the end, the manager's discounted our meal, and I tipped the servers well -- it wasn't their fault.  But mere money can't make up for a truly lousy experience -- on what was to be a big, happy, stress-free family dinner.Spinatos:  Train your people to tell the truth and deal with mistakes quickly and honestly.  To paraphrase the Dread Pirate Roberts/Westley, "We are people of action; lies do not become us."
4	Best pizza in Phoenix. I went there with a friend, granted we went on a Friday, but we waited 45 minutes, when we were told it would be 25-35 minutes for a table, only to be told we should probably just order at the bar. I would hesitate to dine in again, and this was in the new location, which has easily triple the seating of the old one.
1	63.25for two pizzas and salad pretty freAking krazy?
1	Okay, open for a month...still needs help. Short wait, beautiful decor...No light over our very loud bar table. Got food, but where is the appetizer?  Oh, it didn't get put in! Had seafood basilico, fresh seafood taste, not masked by the complete lack of spices. Seafood broth/sauce completely flavorless...Better with the table spices added. Wife had the vodka pasta Chicago style, she enjoyed it! Waiter offered a free dessert,  we declined. No discount,  no petks...not returning anytime soon.  As a Chicagoan,  always preferred Rosati's over Arullio's anyway!
4	I really liked this new location and enjoyed the pizza as much as always. I had the mushroom pizza and it was great, One my companions had a personal pizza and the consensus was that it had a digiorno like taste so stick with the medium pizza or larger. Their homemade cookies are also delicious!
5	We get delivery all of the time!!  Never have been disappointed and our guests always love the pizza too!
4	New site at 7th st and Missouri looks spectacular. Can't ask for a better looking building. Food was great as usual from spinatos. We ordered a side salad each with the main course being the meat pizza. The side salad was a full bowl serving and if you are a light eater it is good to know that. Since I am not a light eater I was happy to see it. The pizza was very good but a little over sauced for my liking. The flavor of pizza from spinatos is always great and has a sweet tang to the sauce. This location is close to where my wife works and gives me another reason to travel down there. We will be back for sure.
5	This will be a review only of their online take-out experience. The pizza itself was fabulous, but I've reviewed it at another location. This was my first time trying their online ordering system and their new location. Perfect. I ordered from the comfort of my home, and promptly (within 1 minute) received confirmation of my order, which said 45 minutes. I showed up after 35 because I like to get my pizza hot, and sometimes those wait times are sandbagged. The place was hopping, and I don't just mean the restaurant. Even their take-out side was packed. I was still greeted warmly when I entered, and waited upon promptly. It wasn't ready yet, but she went back tithe kitchen and told me it would be no longer than 9 minutes. Pretty specific, but it was absolutely correct. The nice girl helping me even opened the pizza box to double check everything was in order. They did this for everyone. I appreciate that, because I hate getting home to find a mistaken pizza. So do they. The place was immaculate. They just opened a month ago, sure, but the place was looking pristine. The goodies in their bakery display looked pretty delicious as well. I'll be ordering from them again.
5	I think this is a top three pizza place in the valley. But number UNO for Italian decor . Back to the pizza, have it your way thin or thick and every topping you want. The red sauce is on the home made sweeter side but I love it!
2	Spinato's: Now better at nickel and dime-ing you than most airlines!I was super excited that Spinato's had moved closer to my neighborhood and happily walked there a few weeks after their re-opening.The new location is gorgeous and the outdoor seating area looks nice too.  Our food was fine, pretty good in fact.  The meatball appetizer is tasty and the pizza came out quickly.  The big problem came when we were presented our bill.  I ordered a regular pizza off of the menu but asked for the onions to be removed.  I was surprised to see that I had been charged for a custom "make your own" pizza, which cost three dollars more than the pizza I had ordered.  The waitress shrugged off our complaint as "that's our policy" so I had to escalate to a manager.  The manager was very polite and apologetic but insisted that this was the owner's policy: Any time a change is made to a pizza it has to be priced out at a higher per-ingredient price.  I argued that it was completely illogical to charge me more for something that actually had less ingredients but he suggested it was because the kitchen staff need consistency when something is ordered (evidently you can't  have it your way here without paying handsomely).  Naturally this fact is not printed anywhere on the menu.After much arguing and a million excuses the price was resolved to our satisfaction but I left with a bad flavor in my house...and not from the pizza.In closing.  Spinato's has good food but be careful of what you order.  With Oregano's and Pizza Heaven right around the corner there are plenty of better, safer choices and that's where I will be spending my money next time.
5	I ate at another location on W. Bell last August, and I can attest to the fact that both places pizza tastes the same:  slightly sweet.  So, if a somewhat sweet tomato sauce isn't your thang stay away from Spinato's.  However, it doesn't bother me, and I did love the meat pizza and the spinach one.  Which one was best would be like Sophie's Choice for me as I loved them both.This location is very pretty compared to the other, but both are good.  I like Spinato's myself.  Good service, decent pizza.AND the server even asked us what type of crust we liked, so you can get thick crust or thin or medium--whatever--which I never had before.  We had a Black guy who said he was an ex-Marine, but I didn't catch his name (Brandon? Bradley?), but he was excellent so the group tipped super well to him.It was a gooooooo, and now I'm even fatter than I was this morning...LOL!  And I ate it all without a care about even one calorie...yeah, that good!
2	Went here tonight around 8/830 with my boyfriend for the first time to see what the rave was about. From what I remember this was voted the best pizza in town so we decided to give it a try. The location itself is beautiful and the menu has a variety of options to chose from. We got the garlic bread with the marinara which was excellent. We also ordered the combo pizza which was okay, but not anything special. This place sits right between oreganos and Olive Garden in my book. For such a nice building I was surprised to receive a plastic cup and a paper napkin. The place was good but not enough to bring me back. Our server was nice but never once checked in on us or offered anything else to us. We asked for the box, check and dessert menu and had to request her to put our order in. This place didn't do anything for me but I can say I've tried it.
2	I have eaten at four different Spinato's Pizza across the valley.  I am a big fan of their food and was excited for them when they opened on 7th Street because the building is prettier than their old 12th and Glendale location.  Yelp read my mind when it said, "Meh. I've experienced better."  I ordered the Mama's signature pizza via delivery.  It is not my first time getting a delivery order from them, so I was shocked when I felt the bottom of the box dripping with oil.  I'm not exaggerating when I say the box looked like it had been floating on a pile of water before arriving at my house.  I took a bite of the pizza and was even more disappointed.  The crust was crumbling because it was loaded with grease.  If I knew their quality would go down this badly after the change in location, I would have written to the owners everyday to convince them to stay where they were.
3	The pizza was great for takeout medium pizza.  Ordered online and they said it would be ready in 30 min.....we got there at 35 and waited another 30 min, but it was Sat night and they were crazy busy.
4	I was impressed with the new location on 7th st. I liked the wings but thought they could of been crispier. My pizza was good as usual.
2	Very disappointed. Maybe it was the fact that we didn't order pizza, but when your kids are disappointed-that's not good. Portions are extremely small. Stick with the pizza because the kids meals are sized for four year olds. The kids ordered spaghetti and got less than a cup each. The waitress suggested we BUY another meal for them. The free scoop of gelato that came with the kids meal was smaller than the tablespoon they gave them to eat the dessert. My wife and friends ordered the pizza which was ok. I ordered a cup of soup and sandwich because I'm a little tired of eating pizza every week. For nearly $4 I got a double shot of flavorless minestrone. The sandwich was good but not for the prices we paid. The new location is nice. But the ambiance didn't make up for the portions, the wait, or the lackluster waitING staff and service.
4	Sooooo amazing. We had a veggie pizza, and a spagetti calzone. I cannot say how happy I am with the food.  We even got a pizza uncooked to go. The service was amazing.  Would return any time.
2	Went for an evening dinner. The restaurant was packed but we found the service poor, unknowledgable and food was so so. We ordered the calzone and found them to be well cooked, but flat with not a lot of ingredients. I usually expect a place like this to have a good selection of beer, but were out of two of the taps and had not gotten in any seasonal. The IPA was very nice, but I would have liked to have more selection.
5	Fantastic food and service.  We held a surprise birthday lunch for one of our team members and the General Manager, food server Megan, and the rest of their team made sure it was a great success.  We were already fans.  MEB team members are now 'raving fans!'  Thanks Daniel and Team.
3	Service was timely (we sat at the bar) otherwise it would've been a 35 minute wait for a table... eekk. Pizza: fair price for its size. The cheese may have been overcooked? otherwise. I ate that pie up.Beer: must have been the end of the keg that might have been a bit old. The brew itself was in my opinion too chilly and took away from the already maybe flat beer.Girlfriends pasta was not terrible or exciting. Kinda like watching the Macy's thanksgiving day parade...Bartender was attentive and friendly. Definitely a plus.All in all, I live across the street and wanted some ZA so we took a chance and were given a decent experience and may one day come back.
5	I love this place, and although sad that they moved further away from my house, I am really happy for these guys in their amazingly large by comparison new restaurant with the separate take out door...such a great improvement over the 12th street mob scene.We usually order pick up here and although the pizzas are a little pricey, they NEVER disappoint.  I am fan of the plain ol cheese pizza and these guys knock it out of the park.  I crave Spinato's cheese pizza and I love the Chicago square cut slices.  Always order these guys pie during a special occasion and I must say that I am hooked for life!  Keep up the great work guys!
2	Same story as most bad reviews on Spinato's. We where excited to see them building such a nice restaurant on 7th street, literally watched the progress everyday as I drive past it on my way to work. We finally found the time to go out to dinner for  my mother in laws birthday. So we arrived at 6:45 on a Friday night expecting a long wait. Wait time was 60 minutes (so they said) After an hour and thirty minutes we still had not been seated. Did I mention we had three kids with us? Not a very fun wait! Finally we asked if we can go ahead and order our food and the young lady advised us to call in!! WHAT!!!!!!!!!!! SO after a very polite I don't think so you can get someone up hear to take our order. Needless to say we where finally seated after a one hour and forty five minute wait. Waitress could have cared less that we waited that long. Pizza and salad was great as usual. They need more large group seating. Spinato's if your service was half as good as your new building you guys would rock it, stop the bleeding. I really hope you can figure it out!
3	The decor of this place is really lovely.  It feels modern, yet old-school Italian at the same time.The pear and gorgonzola salad I got was really nice, I think it would've been perfect with the addition of some beets!  The only reason I give this place 3 stars and not 2 is because I liked the salad.On the downside, the pizza wasn't great.  And for a place that is a pizzeria, that's pretty important.  The crust was thinner than I expected and didn't have a particularly nice texture.  It kind of felt like the crust on frozen pizzas.  Also the sauce was WAYYY too sweet.  Don't trust the reviewer who said the sauce is "slightly" sweet, it's SUPER sweet.  So much so that I wanted to eat more of my pizza, but also felt sick at the thought of trying to eat any more.
3	There was a 30 minute wait, so we decided to order from the to-go section next door. There was a table right out front, so our party of four just sat and waited there. They provided us with glasses of water while we waited. Our pizza was ready 30 minutes later and we just ate at the table out front. The pizza was delicious. All-in-all, not a bad 45 minute visit that would have taken much longer if we would have actually waited to sit and order from a waitress.
2	Not good. Service was not good. Waiter didn't listen to our order and the pizza sauce was way too sweet. Toasted divinci sandwich was good
4	This place is very very pizza. Luckily for us we ordered takeout. They said about 30 minutes for the large pizza and bread sticks I ordered. We arrived at exactly 30 minutes (I was commuting from north scottsdale) and it was all ready and in their take out heating thing. I likes the fact that there was a completely separate area for the take out patrons (you don't enter into the main dining entrance). The large pizza is huge. I deep dish pizza is definitely a must try for all you bread lovers out there. We ordered Nicole's special and it was delicious. Only 4 stars because it is a little spendy and expect a wait for about 30 minutes for any takeout.
4	New addiction, Spinato's Steak Calzone.  First off, I have never been a fan of Calzone's as they typically are heavy on dough and light on ingredients. This is quite the opposite at Spinato's.  The dough is light and flakey and fillings are full and flavorful.  The calzone also comes with a side of beef au Jus.  Warning, the small size at $9.00 can easily feed 2.
4	First off, I will definitely be a repeat customer. I shared a spaghetti and meatball calzone and a super six pizza; Both were delicious!
5	Great food, service and atmosphere. We drive a ways to get here but loved it. They have gluten free pizza, too. The one up north has good food and service but not the expanded menu and new building and decor you find here.
2	Do not order for delivery!! I don't know if they are just experimenting with delivery service or what, but the driver couldn't find our house right nearby. we called (after it had been an hour wait at 630pm) and asked what happened to our pizza.  spoke to a manager "Jeff" and he seemed indifferent and not interested when I asked to cancel the order and get a refund.  very poor customer service compared to other restaurants.  it's too bad because they have decent pizza, just make sure to eat there or get takeout.
5	Mama Spinato's Signature Pizza is the best pizza I've ever had, hands down!My boyfriend and I have a monthly Spinato's date that started prior to their move to the new location and will continue as long as they stay open and we live in the valley.  YES, it's that good.  The crust is thin and perfect, the slightly sweet pizza sauce, the minced garlic, loads of spinach, diced tomatoes and cheese.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I've had other selections from the menu as well, including the Italian Beef sandwich, all have been excellent, but since trying the Mama Spinato's Signature I haven't been able to justify ordering anything else.The staff is always friendly and the new location is nice.I am originally from the Midwest and am familiar with their sister chain, Aurelio's, and I'm so glad I can come here and have a taste of home.
2	When I have a coupon or deal, I like to double check to make sure they'll still honor it. I had to ask three people here if they would honor it no one knew and no one offered to find out. Food was fine but the sauce is very sweet. Not what I expected. Booths were large enough to be comfortable.
1	Had dinner at the bar last night.  The food was good and half price wine on Wednesdays was a nice surprise.  Service was OK but not great given there were only a few people at the bar.  Once we received our bill it appeared both entrees were mispriced.  We asked our server and she asked the manager.  Turns out my sandwich did not include cheese which was extra even though it was not presented this way and the menu makes no mention of it.  It also does not show as an add on the receipt.  Also turns out our server rang up a different but very similar pasta dish than what my wife ordered.  We got sorry both mistakes were my fault from the server and sorry the menu is confusing from the manager but no offer to take responsibility for it.  They basically said we screwed up but you are still paying for our mistakes.  Left a very bad taste for both my wife and I.  We eat out a lot and there are far too many good places to eat in Phoenix than to eat at one that is at best poorly trained and presented and at worst misleading and still refuses responsibility when they admit they have done wrong.  For $2, they have lost two customers for life.  Having now read a number of comments on Yelp, it appears there are more issues like this than you would expect and their misleading and aggressive pricing is a pattern.  If you do choose to eat here, be extra diligent about what you are ordering and ask if anything you have ordered is extra.
1	Spinato's used to be better when they were at Glendale location now service sucks. They have hired many dreamers as servers who are clueless. And they favor smokers. When asked to tell some folks who were smoking within a few feet of the front door server said "I always feel awkward asking them to move" are you kidding it's the law Spinato's!!! Anyway they didn't care so I am in the process of becoming a thorn in their side. I have pictures of the violation. So I come prepared. I am in contact with the folks that have teeth in this type of matter.  Get over feeling awkward you wimps. Anyway now you have a headache on your hands. Game on Spinato's!!!! U may want to get the help of your smoker friends. Folks there are better options trust me. Former customer who was dissed and used to spend quite a bit of money there. No longer.  Do the same people.
5	OMG the greatest pizza ever! My favorite pizza spot for a custom thin crust perfecto pie! The facility is beautiful and the drinks are great . Too bad they have Pepsi and not Coke!
5	Last minute dinner plans for 11 and Spinato's was the destination.. Greeted promptly and sat right away.. Mike our server was excellent! He was On top of all of our needs and the food was fantastic! In my group complaints about something is not unusual... Surprisingly everyone loved there food and was beyond stuffed! Was able to do separate checks and made it for a sick Monday night dinner! We will be back!
5	Lived in NYC and Chicago, and missed good pizza.Not any more! Best Pizza Ever!!!
2	Great food, the service at this location is really bad :(I recommend the NE Phoenix location or delivery.
5	The best pizza in town!!!"...so good you'll jump up and slap the person sitting next to you..."Yes, it is really that good.So much flavor; with a secret ingredient in the sauce that is so secret most don't know there is a secret.There are two signature pies that are vegetarian, that can hold there own against the classic pepperoni & sausage.  Their "regular crust" is a thin crust, and they do offer a thick.  Every pizza comes cut in squares.
2	My Brother and I went and ate here for lunch, the server was nice. But the food was very plain and had an awful flavor. We both got a different pastas but we only sent back one becasue we didnt want to look ungrateful. The sausage in the pasta was very good, same with hibiscus tea. My brother ordered a blue moon but it was flat, that was a little dissappointing as well.
4	The food here has always been outstanding, regardless of location. One of my favorite Italian restaurants in the country . . .The sauce is incredible and Nicole's New Favorite pizza is a must if you are in the mood for a departure from typical.The new location is somewhat impressive, but I also miss the charm of the former, smaller spot on Glendale.
5	I love this restaurant!!! It's so yummy and it's different type of Italian. It's one of my husbands and my favorite date spots! Definitely recommend!
2	We'd been getting takeout pizzas from the Glendale location for a long time...the pizzas were great and service was always fantastic.But we won't go into this location anymore.  I'm with other reviewers...the service is hands-down bad.  I'd been in a couple of times just after it opened, and the main dining room is really loud.  Knowing that my hard-of-hearing husband (who wasn't with me either time) would have a hard time, I asked about seating in the much quieter bar and was told twice that it was open seating.  So when I finally came in with my husband, there were two parties waiting, so I confirmed with the hostess stand that the bar was open seating and we sat down at a table. After a couple of minutes, a young woman came over and asked if we checked with the hostess stand and I assured her that we did.  She then told us that we couldn't sit there, and I explained that we were told that it was open seating in the bar and it's much quieter and easier for my husband to hear in the bar.  Most bars have open seating, so I was a I little surprised when she snapped that it was open seating AT the bar, not IN the bar.  (I'm not sure how I missed the preposition three different times, but it's possible that I did.)We got up to move, but even though there were several open tables around us and several in the dining room, she made no effort to apologize or to re-seat us.  The most appropriate response would have been:  "I'm sorry, this table isn't available, but stay here and let me find an open table for you."  When that wasn't forthcoming, I said to my husband "well, let's just go somewhere else."At this point, she still could've saved the day, but she said the two words a customer never wants to hear at this point:  "Oh, OK."  She clearly suffered from a lack of training, a lack of maturity, or a lack of experience (or all three)...and a boatload of apathy.  Needless to say, we haven't been back (this was 6 months ago)...which is too bad because we live within walking distance and figured we'd visit often.  Fortunately, it's not the only good pizza place in the area...
3	Husband and I decided to stop for some pizza and wings.Thick pizza was OK but the wings were delicious! The restaurant has a nice fancy theme and the bar was beautiful. ( I only glanced)The only thing that does not match is the employees!For the restaurant looking very nice and elegant the hostess and servers were in jeans and running shoes?? One server even had a bandanna in her head!It just didn't go together.It made them look lazy and dirty.
3	Sooooo, where do I start?  OK, if I were just judging this place on food alone it would be 5 stars!  I had an italian beef dip sandwich and it was great!  So much flavor and very filling!  Unfortunately for this establishment we don't just rate on food alone.  Service: SLOW!  OMG it was slow.  We went around 130pm and it was totally dead.  Only a few people eating.  I know this is a time for the place to recover from the lunch rush but I feel it is a good time to see if they have really good service.  If they can still provide great service while doing their tasks then they have done it!  This place failed horribly.  Our waitress was very friendly...when she acutally was around.  Next, DO NOT ORDER A PITCHER OF DRINKS! Our waitress told us it would be enough for 4 people.  There were three of us so we thought it would be a good deal... it was $24 and we got two and half drinks out of it.  We problably should have complained about it.  Anyway, go for the food but just know your service will be crap.  As long as you go in with low expectations on the service you won't be dissattisfied.
5	Spinato's is my favorite pizza place in all of Phoenix.  The pizza is simply incredible!  The customer service is great too.  For example, for my birthday I had a party and invited some friends.  My birthday is July 5th, and Independence day was on Friday.  I had spoken to the manager previously, and she said that because I was ordering a number of pizzas that I should order them a day ahead of time.  I tried to call on July 4th, but the restaurant was closed.  I was in a bit of a panic, as I had already hyped up the pizza to my guests.  On the morning of my birthday, I went to the restaurant itself.  I knocked on the door a full half-hour before the restaurant was set to open.  I talked to a wonderful employee by the name of Gabby and explained the situation.  She let me in and took the order and promised that the pizzas would be delivered by 5:00 p.m.  There was not one hint of irritation, and I never felt like I was being a bother (although I probably was).  I went away feeling like my birthday had been saved.  At 5:00 almost to the minute, the pizzas arrived.  The delivery person was polite and friendly, and my guests loved the pizza.  I can't say enough great things about this place.  I highly recommend it.I'm not sure what's going on with other reviews on here that say the service is horrible because I certainly didn't see that, and I never have any time I've been there.
5	OMG, I am totally in love with Spinato's Pizza. I went there for a colleague's birthday lunch and have fallen in love with their Italian food. I had the most amazing calzone which was stuffed with steak, peppers, spinach,  sweet peppers, ricotta and mozzarella.  It had a side of ajus sauce and their house made marinara sauce. I want to go back for happy hour and enjoy that calzone all over again but this time with one of the yummy beers that they have on tap. Also, the service was awesome although we were about 14 people deep!!!!!!!!!!
3	I came here for dinner with my father, mother and son. We asked for a booth, but the waitress gave us a half booth. The problem with this is there were about 4 half booths along the same wall so the booth just ran all the way across the room. My son is three, so he kept crawling on the booths trying to get attention from the other people sitting near us. My son needs to be contained in a closed booth while in a restaurant. My dad ordered the chicken pesto pasta which I was going to order, but changed my mind. I did taste some of it and it wasn't very good. It was very oily and hard to eat. The flavor wasn't very good either. I ordered a thick crust pepperoni pizza which as okay. I felt the sauce was a bit too sweet. It was okay and nothing more.
5	I really love this place.  New, great service, and excellent pizza!  I've been here many times and have yet to be let down.  Plus, it's close to where I live.  So kind of like me and this pizza place were meant to be!
5	New favorite pizza place in town!  As a cubby kid I like good pizza with all the bad stuff on it. And they know how I like it! Btw the cookies are yum too! I ordered by phone and picked up so this review is solely based on TAKE OUT.  The wait was a bit long when I got there but worth it! It's a popular place so a little wait isn't that big of a deal, esp. When it's good and a fair price! And don't the cookies.
4	I went to Spinato's for the first time with some friends from work who had all been there before and swore by their pizza.  Decided to give it a go and see what all the fuss was about their pizza.First off the new building they are in is really really nice.  nice and open with skylights galore giving a nice day time feel inside and extremely open.  We ended up splitting a large peperoni and sausage thin crust with a side Cesar.The pizza came out and it looked awesome.  slightly greasy but being a professional fat guy I tend to get over something like that quite easily.  Their sauce has a great sweet quality about it and the thin crust wasn't too thin but there wasn't a lot of crunch to it which i'm ok with.  I know some thin crust purists would frown upon this but I don't care about them, this is my review!  all in all it was some damn fine pizza and I will for sure be back to here and try out a few other items on their menu.
3	OSicilian style sausage, mushroom and onion with O'Dells IPA.  Pizza- meh! Envisioned canned tomato paste on yeasty focaccia.  Lucky to taste the onion, as sausage and mushroom was nil. Despite the mediocre pizza (at an inflated price at that) the vibe was pleasant for lunch meetings and after work wind-down.  The beers were frosty, micro, and cheap- and the service was excellent  we'll come back once more to try the thin crust.  I'll be sure to ask for extra mushrooms and sausage.
5	Simply one of the best pizzas in town! Great new location with a huge dining area and separate take out area in a large parking shopping plaza.Use to always go to the one on Glendale Rd before they moved here and fought for parking and elbow to elbow inside..Now to the food, generally order the "Get Meaty" Pizza and Cheese or Margarita. Generally we don't eat the crust but it is so good and sweet hate to not eat the crust. The pizza is always cooked perfectly and generously piled with what ever you put in it. Love the sausage, pepperoni and mushroom. Love the small business family owned business and will support them as much as possible rather than eat the big chain pizza places. Have been to the one in Tempe, North Phoenix and Central Phoenix and will come back to all or whatever is closest.
3	We like the food and the location/building is super nice. So that's a good review. But if you plan on needing ketchup - like my son when ordering chicken tenders from the kid's menu - you need to bring your own. They didn't have any ketchup at the restaurant so I went across the parking lot to Basha's to buy some Heinz. It was a bummer that I got caught in line behind a guy who wasn't familiar with using his debit card so the process took a while. 3 stars for a restaurant that doesn't have ketchup. I think that's pretty amazing but clearly this condiment continues its decline in American culture.
5	The best pizza in Town!! The only pizza my hubby and I will eat!! Friendly staff and owners!!
5	I have been going to this place since I was a teen. Decided to go to the newest location and wow its so big! Food was just as good as always. I took a friend for the first time who was equally impressed. Prices are great for quality and amount you get. Also excited this location has a new take and bake side which is great! Will continue to eat hear.
5	Easy to find, Easy well lit parking, very nice looking building. Once inside, we were greeted and seated immediately...7:00 Sunday evening. We took a small table in the bar with stuffed chairs. Our server was there immediately with menus and for our drink order. A very personable and attractive young lady named Amanda...great attitude too. Prices on all items were rational and reasonable in my opinion.We ordered wine and water, perused the menu and finally decided on a salad and sandwich for my wife and spaghetti marinara with sausage for me. Drinks came quickly as did her very well presented salad. The salad was shared a bit and was crisp, cold and fresh with a tasty homemade Italian style dressing. Within 10 minutes, we each had our entrees.My wife's large turkey sandwich with chips was well made and well presented in a large basket. My pasta and excellent homemade sausage was in a good size pasta bowl and well dressed with marinara...lots of sausage just right on the sauce...the pasta was slightly al dente...just right...well cooked and firm.Amanda was checking with us every 5 minutes or so and keeping drinks refilled. Very attentive but not overly so.The bar area is filled with TV's and it was Sunday night football on all. No sound to interfere with our peaceful meal. The place is busy but not annoyingly so. As we were finishing our food, I engaged Amanda in a brief conversation about football in Phoenix and life in general. She was a bright and willing talker and our brief conversation was enjoyable. She brought us our check and cashiered for us as well.The restaurant interior is nicely furnished, adequately lit and architecturally attractive...a very pleasant environment. Noise levels are low and there's sufficient aisle space so that there is no sense of congestion.Overall, an enjoyable dining experience that I would happily repeat. I would recommend this to a friend.$30 out the door with a tip for Amanda extra.
5	We were seated immediately, our needs tended to consistently and the food was amazing! We had the meatball trio and the italian bread and butter as an appetizer followed by the BEST thin crust pizza i have ever had. The sauce has this sweetness about it that takes the pizza to the next level. This is for sure my new favorite pizza hands down!
4	We stopped in for dinner the other night and were lucky enough to show up during happy hour.  We shared the $3 trio of meatballs and a $8 small specialty pizza...what a deal!  The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was great and the bar area was huge with plenty of TV's to watch the games.  We will definitely be back!
4	This location is certainly a step above their old location on Glendale. I went here with a large party (about 10 people) and they were very accommodating. They had a table ready for us on a Thurs night in about 10 minutes. In the meantime, the husband and I checked out their (very large) bar. He had a snakebite, which was prepared incorrectly (the cider and porter were mixed together instead of layered, but at least it was reasonably priced at 5$), I had the Shandy, which was unusually made with porter and lemonade (most shandys I have tried are with a lighter beer). I really enjoyed my drink! I felt like the lemonade lightened the otherwise heavy porter. Anyway, the service was good for our large party and the food didn't take too long to come out. We had several pizzas, a spaghetti and meatballs, a couple small calzones, wings, cheesy bread, and a couple salads. The sweet chili wings were maybe the best item... just enough heat and falling off the bone... really good wings. The cheese bread was good, but come on, it's melted cheese on bread (can't really be bad). The meatballs were good, but could have had a bit more sauce. The caesar salad was a little too fishy tasting, but their italian dressing was good. I had the 'mama's special' personal calzone add basil and ricotta. This thing was very tasty with garlic, tomato, and spinach.... and at just over 5$, it was a great price for the amount of food you get (fairly large). I would come back to this location!
5	Great food. Tastes like they make their own Cesar dressing!  Our little vegetarian wanted cucumbers and tomatoes for lunch. Not on the menu...Mike, our server, made a lovely plate just for my 3 yr old granddaughter!  Great place!
5	Nice large restaurant with a huge bar area.  Award winning pizza and great prices on pitchers of craft beer on Sundays!
1	If I could give this poor excuse for a pizza place an absolute zero I would. The last three times I've ordered takeout--and I have arrived on time, by the way--the pizza has been cold. In addition, the staff couldn't care less and is completely inept. When I arrived today to pick up my pre-ordered pizza, I waited 45 minutes and again, it was cold. They offered another, but by that point, I wasn't about to waste more time waiting. I finally had enough today and asked for a refund. It was granted, but you can bet I won't be back and will tell all my friends to spend their money elsewhere. Even Domino's gives a crap about their customers.
1	Got a Togo order and maybe it's better at the restaurant but the pizza dough was soft and under cooked and the bread sticks were wrapped in this huge tin foil which maybe the very soggy and wet.not worth 26 bucks but like I said it could be better eating there
4	I ordered delivery from Spinatos last week, despite the delivery charges. I've never had pizza from here before, so I gave it a whirl.  I ordered a large Chicago thin crust. It arrived when promised, 1 hour, and it was hot and they had included a lot of crushed red peppers and and parm in the box, without needing to be asked.  I was pleased, and the pizza was quite good.  I'll likely order from them again.
4	Sooooo amazing. We had a veggie pizza, and a spagetti calzone. I cannot say how happy I am with the food.  We even got a pizza uncooked to go. The service was amazing.  Would return any time. I can say that if you do not like the regular pizza crust you won't like this. It is similar to a dense focaccia.
3	I've had Spinato's pizza numerous times and each time it is great. This time was not any different. The trio of meatballs was delicious and great amount of ooey melty cheese. Their pizzas are always great!The reason for my rating only being 3 stars during this particular visit is for the service. We got to the restaurant around 5:30 p.m. on a Sunday and the place had only a handful of people, but we still waiting about 15 minutes. Maybe they were getting ready for the dinner rush, so it wasn't that big of a deal. Once we finally got seated our waiter greeted us and took drink orders right away. After bringing our drinks we put in our order for appetizers and salads while we still made decisions on the types of pizzas we wanted. As we sat there waiting for our appetizers, the restaurant slowly started filling up. The waiter would constantly walk past us to greet and take orders from his other tables, so it was difficult to get his attention to place our pizza orders. When we finally got our appetizers and salads, the waiter was nowhere really to be found. We started eating the salads and appetizers, but slowly since we hadn't even had a chance to place our pizza orders and we knew that would take awhile. The waiter finally came by to take the pizza orders about 10-15 minutes after we had gotten our appetizers and salads. I've never been to a restaurant that took quite this long to place main entree orders.We ordered two kids pizzas, two medium pizzas, and two small pizzas for our group of 6. We knew the food would take some time since it was quite a bit of food and the restaurant was filling up for the dinner rush. About 20 minutes later all the pizzas came out. They had messed up on the kids pizzas, so they brought out extras which was very nice of them. Again, we didn't see our waiter  for a little bit after our pizzas had arrived, so we had to ask another staff member for plates. Like I said in the beginning, the food was great!We saved some room for dessert, so once the waiter came back we ordered some gelato and a cannoli. The first set of desserts (one cannoli, one chocolate gelato, and one pistachio gelato) came out, without any utensils and one of the gelatos was in a weird clear bowl. I didn't think too much of it since the chocolate gelato came with the kids menu, so I thought that's why it came in the nice white dish. However, once the second set of desserts came out (one chocolate gelato, one pistachio gelato, one raspberry gelato) all in the same nice white dish I found it even more odd that the other pistachio was in a clear dish. The dish was clean, so we let it slide. When the second set of desserts came out, they all came with spoons and ready to go so the other half of our party was able to eat them right away. As for the other half (first set of desserts), we had to look around and wait for our waiter or another staff member for spoons. We finally got the attention of another staff member who brought us out spoons. As soon as she brought those spoons out our waiter showed up. To recap: The food was great. I liked everything that we had to eat. It was really the service, inconsistencies, and wait time that was lacking. I've waitressed before so I know first hand that when it gets busy it is difficult to give every table 100% of your time and attention. I don't expect that of any wait staff, but I would appreciate a check in every once in awhile. Especially, when we hadn't placed food orders yet and you're really focusing only on one or two of your tables. I watched a couple of other tables become a little irritated in waiting for the same waiter.
1	If you like really sweet sugary sauce then this is for you.  If you want something like you might enjoy in Italy, forget it.  These pizzas are sugar bombs.Whether you like the taste is personal but I don't know anyone that wants to call in a pizza for pickup, be told it will be ready in 40 min only to get there on time and wait another 25 min. At 10 minutes late, I asked how much longer.  They couldn't tell me.Not a place I'm likely to visit again.
4	Gotta say this place was pretty dam good. First I had an appetizer of Garlic Bread with cheese. Hands down...the best garlic bread I've ever eatin. From the crunch of the crust, the flavor of the cheese and the marinara sauce...wasn't too tomatoey(word?). It actually had a little sweetness to it. Also tried a small order of wings with medium sauce. I'm a wimp when it comes to spice/heat...don't judge me...but they were juicy and well cooked. (Not pictured)Pizza was thin crust. Half pepperoni and the other half was Hawaiian (pineapple w/ ham). Flavored were on point. Definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some good pizza and garlic bread. Not to mention the atmosphere was very chill. Games were on the tube and the people looked good.
