4	Every time I go to Vegas, I stop by the Venetian and get a Hazelnut Italian soda from Tintoretto's. This place makes the best as they add cream to their concoctions. If you are in the Grand Canal Shoppes this is something you cannot pass up.
5	rather than the usual abomination parading as a cake served at weddings, my brother picked up a selection of small cakes here to serve after the elopement... everything was completely delicious, but the banana mousse / chocolate and the lemon meringue were both so good, i won't forget the taste for a long time. perfect served with chilled champagne in a hotel suite. :)
3	I had brunch at Tintoretto yesterday and what's up with no butter for my Italian toast?  Do Italians just not eat butter?  What the hell?The food was just okay; but I kind of felt that way about all Vegas food.  It wasn't horrible, but certainly nothing to write home about.
3	Pastries-Good, Coffee-Mediocre, Service-BadI stopped by early for a breakfast treat.  Only about half of the pastries were labeled so I had a little difficulty communicating my request to the counter person.  She seemed very reluctant to follow me to the display so I could point out what I wanted, then when asked what they were, she mumbled something unintelligible.  I decided to go for it anyway, but was disappointed when I ordered my latte and was told I had to get that at a different counter.  Couldn't I at least pay in one spot?  No  Then, she had the nerve to keep my change without offering it to me.  OK, so it wasn't much, but I know what that tip jar is for and should be the one to decide if she deserved it (she didn't).On to the coffee bar.  Luckily it wasn't busy yet, but waiting in two lines would really stink.  I just want coffee and a pastry!  My latte was Illy and had no foam.   I think I counted about three bubbles lining one side of the cup.  Hmmmm.I was able to grab a table outside of the shop.  The display case had looked good and I wasn't disappointed in my pastries.  One was a chocolate pastry roll that looked roughly like a breadstick, but as I don't speak mumble, I don't know what it was called.  The second pastry looked like phyllo with a heavy cream filling flavored with citron.The bill came to about $10.
4	A group of 7 of us ate here for our last night in Vegas.  We were walking around our hotel looking for a nice sit down place.  This place is a little confusing only because if it weren't for the menu display outside, I would have walked right by it thinking it was just a bakery.  The service was GREAT, our server was super nice and joked around with us and made sure everyone in our party was taken care of.I had the penne with vodka sauce and mozzarella on top, it was soooo goood!! The sauce was perfectly creamy and the pasta was cooked just right.  This is a good place to come eat a good meal for a moderate price.  Would definitely come here again and recommend it.
4	Scrambled eggs, Waffles, and a latte- no better way to start a late vegas morning.  Can sit "outside" under the fake sky.  Food is very good, service is pretty good, location is great.
1	This place was awful.  Rude service, overpriced food and completely unaccommodating staff.  My lox had huge brown spots on it.  Lox should be pink and lovely.  Not brown.  The OJ was right out of a box instead of the "fresh squeezed" they promised (for $5 a glass, that OJ should squeeze itself in front of you).Next time (if there is a next time), I will have my breakfast meeting in the casino level food court.  It was ten times better in every way than this joint.
5	I thought I had already reviewed this place, but I guess not. This may be one of my favorite spots to eat breakfast in town. Whenever I think of a good breakfast in Vegas I think of this restaurant or Bouchon. I think the reason this place is getting bad reviews is because people are considering this place a casual (aka cheap) dining spot because of the fact that it's a bakery and has "outdoor" (aka under a fake sky) seating. Here's the real deal. This place is a gem! How much a restaurant should cost shouldn't be based on it's appearance, but on the quality of the food. And btw, this restaurant is very cheap for Vegas standards. If you expect to find Tropicana from the convenience store for under $5 on the strip..good luck! Anyways, the restaurant is small and it is really just a bakery with a small cafe outside but since it's a bakery all the breads are fresh as well as their biscotti and other pastries. I came here for breakfast and ordered simple eggs, bacon and pastries. The meal started out with a perfect croissant and then had eggs, bacon, and some well seasond and well cooked home fries. I really feel like most breakfast places in Vegas are over priced and just don't serve good quality food like you could fin in almost any deli or diner back home. The jams and jellies are pastries here are delicious. I'm sure there lunch is just as good. Either way, the food here is up to par and right on point when it comes to price. They also had good strong delicious coffee. I think I had more than a few refills, I am a coffee phene.
3	3.5 stars.I kind of wish I went here for brunch instead of for dinner, but it was still enjoyable for dinner. My boyfriend and I sat on the "patio" our outside of the restaurant. I think the place was nicely decorated and kind of romantic. The bread was gross, except for one kind. We had the soup of the day which was carrot and pea soup or something, it was rather interesting... but it was wasn't bad. I had the chicken marsala, with potatoes and vegetables. The chicken was okay tasty, but the potatoes were BOMB. My boyfriend had the salmon. I think it was a bit too sour and didn't have too much favor. 3 stars because the food is just okay, but add a .5 for the decor and the potatoes. Mmm. Oh yes, the wine gets you drunk and the coffee is good at the end of the meal.
3	Came here for a quick lunch before we left for the airport, and the food is good.  We had pizza and the calzones (although the calzone would've been better with some marinara dipping sauce).   The only thing is that the waitresses seem to have some kind of chip on their shoulder - not very professional when cleaning up after other folks while we were right in the vicinity.
4	We were looking for a snack during the day and stopped in here.  We picked up a grandma slice of pizza and a bruscetta.  We really weren't expecting much but they were delicious!  So surprisingly good!  I'd definitely get them again from this place.
3	We had a family dinner here. The food was fine but a bit overpriced. Nice dessert selection and the service was good.
3	we were trying to eat at bouchon but they're closed after 10 30 am on the week days. dammit. we looked around venetian to see what else to try but didn't really feel like spending a lot of dough (if it wasn't bouchon). so we somehow ended up at tintoretto. mostly because we were exhausted by the time we found this place and it was open for lunch.tried the caprese salad, the pink vodka ravioli and the spinach and brie toasted panini for lunch. nothing was horrible and though a bit expensive, it was comparable to hotel restaurants (not fine dining famous chef restaurants) so not that bad for vegas. the portions were good and the food was nothing to complain about. their service was ... interesting. i had no idea who our server was, as there were more than three people serving us.
4	This was a solid three-star review until I ate the sfogliatella pastry I took to go from the bakery and I had to bump it up to four stars.  We were starving after a long morning of basketball, video poker and bloody marys (me), and sleeping until noon (my friend).  So, we stopped in here because they had smallish things to eat - salads, sandwiches, soups, etc.  I opted for the spinach and brie panino and was delighted that it came with a side of house salad.  My friend ordered a pizza and a full-sized house salad.  My panino was very good.  It was also very cheesy and rich (the brie) so I couldn't finish it all.  The side salad was very nice (lettuce, basil, olives, onions, tomatoes).  My friend's pizza was pretty decent - not the best thin Italian-style pizza but still pretty good.  It had a nice, fresh tomato sauce which I liked a lot.The service was good although it took a while for them to get to us.  But, overall it was fine.  When I went in to the bakery later to get a treat to take away, the ladies behind the counter were very sweet, friendly and helpful.  They were so great that I returned the next day to get another sfogliatella.  Or, maybe it was the pastry that made me return because it was delicious :)
4	IL MIO PRIMO GELATO ERA DELIZIOUSO!(My first Gelato was delicious!)My family and I were walking through the Venetian mall and spotted this little dessert shop!  QUE BELLA!So, as we walked in just to look around (YEAH RIGHT!), the lady behind the gelato counter had us try a sample!  Too be honest, I have eaten a ton of food but have never had gelato!  UNTIL NOW!So, I tried cream flavored and (QUE HEAVEN SOUNDER!), WOW!  I instantly fell in love!  We sat down with our gelato and just enjoyed the day.  The only problem with this place was the tables were all very sticky but overall I didn't care cause I was too much into my gelato!
4	Great little coffeeshop and Italian bakery. Good place to sit and peoplewatch. Pizza place in the back looks delicious and inexpensive.
4	Another pleasant surprise from Las Vegas!While cruising the strip, my girlfriend and I were becoming incredibly hungry. We walked into hotel after hotel, casino after casino, but couldn't find the right restaurant for us. That was, until, we stumbled upon Tintoretto in The Venetian. Bread bowls- check. Outdoor seating with a street performer- check. A live band- check. The food was actually really really good, too! I had pan seared chicken with artichoke and mushrooms which was amazing! The creamy sauce tasted awesome, and the potatoes it came with weren't bad either! My GF had the usual, chicken fettuccine- but it tasted great. It tasted like somebody in the kitchen actually put some effort into it and didn't just throw it together like they would at Olive Garden. I didn't get a chance to try the bakery, but for a Vegas restaurant- it was affordable and delicious.
3	I bought some cookies and a flaky pastry as a takeaway. I had the yummy cookies as an after dinner snack. I had the flaky pastry filled with custard cream next day as breakfast. It was still flaky and yummy even though it was kept overnight. Not sure what is the name of this beautiful  pastry but I have included a picture.
4	If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.  The egg croissant sandwich thing was amazing.  The potatoes were perfect.
2	For what I got served (Chicken Parm) this is 0 stars, but I am giving it a 2 because whatever pasta dish my wife got was pretty good and saved this place from a horrible review.  Still, if you are in Vegas - go to Maggiano's if you are looking for Italian food, you will not be let down like I was here.  Also, the other reason I gave it two stars was because the dessert was pretty good (but I have experienced better) and that sums it up.
2	We had chicken with artichoke, mushroom and asparagus, chicken parm and lasagna.  Every dish rested somewhere between stouffers and something I cooked for myself in college.  I think Olive Garden is better, and I'm not being a snob - I love the OG when i want dependable, familiar chain style food.  I don't know what the place means to be, so it's hard to rate it.  Since I'm at least being seated by a hostess and there is a waiter checking up on me, I'm assuming it's at least a casual diner? The food, however, suggests it's more of an "order at the counter and grab your own table/silverware" joint (which exists in the attached Bakery). So I think the food/restaurant got lost somewhere in between. The dishes were pretty much assembled with pre-existing components mixed with fresher ingredients; i.e. my potatoes were kinda like the frozen Ore Ida homefries but I was also given a nice little saute of green, red and yellow bell peppers.   The pasta sauces definitely tasted canned to me, without any added fresh herbs or anything to liven them up. The lasagna noodles definitely were mushy and tasted exactly as I remember canned ravioli tasting.  To be fair, my chicken was really tender and pan fried nicely though. So, it's a bit mixed and matched for me. There were a few other pasta dishes I saw, and a salmon dish, that other people were eating that looked really good, so maybe we just ordered the wrong things. This place averages around 15 -20 dollars a plate which sounds high, but compared to the surrounding restaurants isn't that bad and which may account for its "pre-made" taste.
3	Very crowded in the mornings.  The hostess was very polite, and just chatting with her started our breakfast right.  Unfortunately, I did not enjoy my french toast with "caramelized" strawberries.  The french toast tasted Ok, but it was drowned with so much strawberry jam, it was disgustingly sweet.  Ick.  The breakfast is not worth the prices they charge.  Maybe it's better luck just ordering to-go inside their bakery.I'd say the only saving graces was the outside seating (view of canal shops) and my cappuccino.
2	I had a strawberry cream puff and it was stale. It tasted like it had been sitting in the case for about 12 hours, which I'm guessing it had. I was very disappointed.
4	We went here on our last night in Vegas for a Family style Dinner before we went to Madame Tussuad's Wax Museum. The place did not disappoint. They have a beautiful interior and nice patio seating. There is a display case of beautiful hand crafted desserts in the lobby. The place was not quite full when we arrived, and they sat our large party in the back. As I walked back to be seated, I had to keep my eyes from straying away and looking at all those Luscious Desserts in the display case. I was able to make it to my table, but when I sat down: one of my friends brought a Fresh Cannoli drizzled in Chocolate sat across from me. So I cheated and took a bite, and it was like Heaven!! They started us off with Bread and Butter and took our drink order. The Waitress was very helpful, and Super nice. The Menu was traditional Italian fare and had all sorts of Pasta and Dishes. I started out with the Soup of the Day (Potato and Zucchini), and ordered the Meat Lasagna for my Main course. Wifey ordered the Chicken Marsala and the lil' ones ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and Cheese Raviolis. I loved the Lasagna and the Soup was delicious. Everyone was happy with their food and the kids had no complaints. Bonus points for getting the food out to the kids before they got cranky. I finished with a Hot Coffee and drooled over the sample Dessert tray. I did not order Dessert, but I "almost" bought a Gelato on the way out when I saw the display case, while I was trying to make change at the bar.. The Food and Ambiance is very Superb and I will be back again to try more of the entrees and Desserts.
1	The cookies are good and the cafe latte was fine, however...Saw this place listed in the Palazzo's restaurant guide.  There's a photo that shows a fully stocked bakery.  It looked really good, so I marked this place for the following morning's breakfast.  Mistake.First, there's a vast selection of breads shown on the shelves in baskets--in the photo.  When I went late Monday morning, the baskets were empty and stacked carelessly on the shelves. I inquired about the bread, and the lady pulled some monster loaf out of a plastic bag.  Too big, and that's it?  Terrible presentation of the breads, clearly they're not selling many.Ordered a selection of dry Italian cookies. They tasted good enough, though I'm hardly an expert of them.  Also ordered a cannelloni; it was decent, but when it comes to these I prefer less sweet and more ricotta in the filling.The absolute mess was the sandwich.  With everything else, I ordered a mozzarella with grilled vegetables sandwich to go.  The first surprise when I got back to the room was that it was a hot sandwich.  The  second surprise was when I unwrapped it's aluminum foil and a bunch of sandwich juices dripped out onto my clean pants. What? Why was this sandwich dripping juices? Why was the bread soggy?  Why was the lettuce wilted? I thought it to be perhaps one of the worst sandwiches in recent memory. The ingredients were good by themselves, but a hot soggy sandwich with wilted lettuce is nothing that anyone should be served.I'd definitely look for another option.
4	When I was arriving the small restaurant seemed busy, almost all the outside tables were full and the waiters were busy doing there thing, so it took awhile to be sat, kinda of annoying... the host didn't give us a heads up on the wait or anything.Food: breakfast was delcious, calzones were tasty... pancakes plentiful. Pricing was some what decent.
3	Have you seen the prices of The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf or Starbucks in Vegas? Too expensive! Wait, forget about these mass corporations when you can try something different :).While walking around the Venetian Shoppes with my sister and her husband, we were starved. I decided to step inside this lovely decorated Italian-style cafe and bakery. The pastries looked very tempting and the espresso was very intoxicating that I had to purchase us a latte each. Also, I had to get us one of their sweet and creamy fruit tart each to accompany bitterness of the espresso. Wonderful combo, if I may say.This place gets really packed with the window shoppers or just the folks looking for some good eats and coffee.Customer service was quick and friendly and you can take your order to go or dine in or outside and enjoy the beautiful scenery.
3	We didn't expect much from this little plac e in the Venetian but it was 11:15am on a Monday, my husband and I wanted breakfast and no one else seemed to be serving it late.  We were pleasantly surprised with this small bistro. The service was great, the breakfast delicious - scrambled egg croissant sandwich, spinach & mozzarella egg white omelet -- and the coffee was excellent.  My husband also had a pecan tart he said was really good.  With so many excellent restaurants in Vegas, I'd be remiss to give anything more than a 3-stars but the place was not a disappointment.
3	Decent place with a very basic breakfast selection.  Perfect for a quick meal, when you are tired of the crazy buffets and high priced restaurants.Located among the Venetian Shoppes, right across from the Ann Taylor and Banana, don't confuse it with Zefferino's next door.  I had the Eggs Benedict(ine).  My husband and brother had the scrambled eggs and croissant.  All solid.  The coffee was good, smooth and hit the spot.There is also a whole bakery section we didn't get to try.
2	After spending nearly three weeks of successful dieting I decided to splurge and treat myself to a nice pasta dish- one of my favorites!  This marinara tasted like the orange mystery sauce from a spaghettio's can, seriously!  I was so disappointed with my marinara, quite possibly the worst I have ever had.  My husband didn't like his meal that much either, I forget what he had but it was some sort of pasta dish also.  We also waited too long for our entree, at least 45 minutes.  I was ready to cancel and call it a night, now I wished I had.  I'd give this place no stars but  the bakery has beautiful desserts.  I had a tiramisu and it was pretty good, not phenomenal but a 3.5/5.  My husband also enjoyed his dessert although it's been a couple months and I can't remember what he chose.
5	5 stars for the Italian Rainbow Cookies, Wedding Cookies, flag cookies, whatever you want to call them. Tintoretto's calls them Rainbow Cookies and I call them little pieces of heaven.I always stop by here whenever I am in Vegas and pick up a pound (which can easily run you close to 20 bucks), but is worth every penny.  I have yet to find a place between San Diego and Vegas that makes these cookies just the way I like it.  Not drenched in cheap Nestle chocolate, good smathering of preservatives between each layer and moist almond cake, not your Duncan Hines boxed variety.  They also do a good job of not melting on the 4 hour trip back to San Diego for me to share with family and friends who are sometimes disappointed to learn that although they are car friendly, I couldnt resist the temptation not to eat them all on the way home.Make sure you call them to see if they have them! They often sell out by early afternoon, especially during high season.
1	Terrible food for dinner. Sorry, but if you are looking for a decent meal, don't give this place a try. Yes, there is an outdoor section right in the middle of the Venetian shops and it looks really cute--no, don't let that mislead you, don't eat here. And I'm not someone who expects much...We ordered a lasagna and chicken parmigiana. Pretty basic Italian dishes you can't mess up right? Wrong. My lasagna was very lacking, all it had was meat and sauce.. and the meat was very questionable. I was wincing  with every bite, just because I was starving. The chicken parmigiana was not too bad, but the spaghetti was very bland; my friend said the sauce tasted watered down and bland. The bread that came before our entrees came in a basket and wrapped with dinner napkins... very blah bread, and they couldn't even bother to toast it? I didn't check out the bakery items, but just for their dinner entrees, I will never eat here for meals again. Dislike Tintoretto.
3	So so
4	I would definitely eat here again. We popped in and got a coffee and a pastry and both were very good.  The coffee was illy coffee and was better then Starbucks! Yum! Worth stopping in for a quick snack. They also have sit down seating and a full breakfast. You can also go in order and eat and the standing tables if you are getting something light.  Either way a stroll through the Venetian is a treat in itself.
3	I guess I'm just not used to the prices in Las Vegas, but my table of 4 incurred over $70 in breakfast alone. I don't wanna even imagine how it would be during lunch or dinner.On the bright side, the food was decent. I liked their omelettes (had the Italian one, and tried the mushroom and spinach one by mom ordered), and their chai latte was quite good. However, it was simply too overpriced for the quality we got.Oh well.
2	We sat "outside" which was - in all honesty - kind of fun! It's not everyday you don't have to worry about bugs or sunburns when dining on a patio. Our server was definitely frazzled. He only came around once in a while. When he took our orders and someone asked about the cheese, he told them that it would be American cheese instead of Provolone on the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. What? No provolone? Well, that changed almost every person's order at our table. It would have been helpful for him to have told us this when we first sat so we could at least take it into consideration. So, all but one of our party ordered a pizza.The pizza was decent, definitely large enough for 2 people (possibly 3) to share. I was happy with it. Better places to go in Vegas, though, especially for Italian.
3	What can I say... if you're hungry in passing while walking around the Venetian Hotel, this is a good option. The prices are ok and the sandwiches (I had the spinach, tomato and brie toast) were quite tasty. The service was not great. They weren't very friendly, though we did get what we ordered. We sat on the "patio" which was actually inside. It had some charm, but it was similar to sitting inside a shopping mall. I recommend it only for the food (and the pastries and coffee items inside the shop looked pretty good too).
2	Only stopped here for a quick check to see if they had tiramisu - they DID!  Score!  But overall, it's not worth saying much more about.  The cafe au lait was below average, the wait staff seemed (as others have said) bitchy), and they served the tiramisu in a square plastic container.  If the tiramisu had been good, I could have given it more stars, but not in Vegas.I also saw the infamous owner running around; he wasn't yelling at anyone that I could see, but he looked intense!
3	Average breakfast joint in the middle of a mall in vegas...Located in the Venetian, it seems to be a branch off of the adjacent dinner spot Zefferino's. I know this because my credit card was charged from there and I had to really use my thinker to figure it out.Pancakes had a great batter.Sausage was oily but really yummy.Poached eggs were cooked perfectly.Mimosas were heavy handed and kept me drunk from the previous night's escapades.Where's the casino again?
1	My husband & I felt like something sweet to eat. Went to the bakery and ordered 2 Lemon tarts. EWE..they tasted days old. The lemon tart was hard, as well as the meringue on top. As for the crust, we had to cut it with a knife! NOT FRESH at all. The cappucino was cold. Went to mgmt to complain that bakery items were not good, she was very unprofessional, we were not asking for our money back, we simply stated dessert was stale. She argued, and walked off. NEVER go back there again for a SIMPLE tart!
4	Some friends of ours sat through a time-share presentation for free show tickets and dinner vouchers and gave us 2 free dinner vouchers for here. We walked up just after 4 pm on a saturday and asked if we could use the coupons for dinner at that time. The hostess/server said we could and sat us right away. She was polite and spoke with a beautiul Italian accent. We were seated at a table for 2 right along the railing with people walking by in the Grand Canal Shoppes. While we enjoy people watching, it kind of backfired on us as we were trying to enjoy our meal and a group of people that appeared to be deciding on whether or not they should eat here, walked up and stopped for a minute to get a good look at what we were eating.The free dinner was limited to certain selections but still some nice things to choose from. My wife had yellow squash soup as her appetizer with chicken marsala as her main course. I had the house salad and penne pomodoro for my main course. I know that's just pasta and tomato sauce but I had so much meat for breakfast that day I just wanted some good old fashioned carbs for dinner. Little did I know they would also bring us as much fresh bread and butter as we could eat.We ordered a couple Peroni beers with our dinner and I found their beer prices to be better than most places on the strip.She loved her soup and my salad was good and fresh but their house dressing was amazing. A sweet balsamic vinegarette. I should have asked if they sold it in a bottle. My wife said the chicken marsala was great and my pasta was a generous portion with fresh basil and chunks of tomato. A cup of good coffee was also included with the free meal.I noticed on the receipt that the price of the meal would have been pretty reasonable if we did not have free meal coupons. Will stop back again and try the lasagna!
2	Not really remarkable. Panini not really worth it. Nice service though.
3	Even though they serve Illy espresso, the final product isn't great. Buyer beware
4	I went here prior to seeing Phantom. It was a spur of the moment decision, but the outside seating looked pleasant. We were seated indoors quite quickly (would've preferred outside, but inside was nice and cozy, too!). Our hostess and waiter were very hospitable and entertaining. The food was just the right portion so that we didn't feel too full or still hungry. I would come here again!
4	I give props to the Hispanic dude that works the back kitchen..he served me my Sicilian slice for $3.75 and made our sandwiches; vegetable with mozzarella,and a simple cheese slice. This place is very cheap and it's a great cafe to spend easy money. They serve simple pastries, gelato's, and great coffee.I also purchased their Italian beer for $4! It tasted like a heineken.I'll be coming back again.
5	This review is solely for the gelato. We already had gelato from a different place in the middle of Venetian, I will elaborate in my next Yelp review later. So, we were already full and not expecting to eat anything else. We just happen to walk by this place and noticed the gelato, the lady manager was very friendly, she gave us so many different samples, we didn't even ask for it but she kept handing us spoon after spoon of different flavors. THEY HAD MY PISTACHIO!! So of course I had to order a small cup and OMG, it was like heaven in my mouth. One of the best pistachio gelatos I've ever had, it was smooth and creamy just like it should be and it's homemade so that's always a good thing. Next time I'll try the food, but the gelato gets 5 stars alone.
4	Just stopped in for a late night snack around 10pm. They had so many good looking pastries, so I went for a Napolean. YUM! One of the best I've ever had. Didn't get to try the coffee or tea, next time!
2	Decent breakfast without much fanfare.  Nice atmosphere, fast service.  Comparatively speaking, this represents slumming it as far as the major hotels on the strip go, but on the plus side there is not much wait.
4	The first day I came here, I ordered a tiramisu (7 bucks). It was so good,  I finished it in 3 bites. The second time I came here, they had free samples of their cookies and it was good. We came for breakfast and I ordered their mushroom/spinach and cheese omelet (egg white style). It was DELICIOUS! My parents liked my dish too, and i felt much healthier eating that than pancake. Once you cut the omelet, the cheese oozes out with bits of mushroom and spinach. it was delicious, lots of flavor and then drizzle some of that tapatio/tobasco sauce. You got yourself an amazing omelet! I also ordered the cinnamon roll..yum. but it didn't give me that wow factor like the Tiramisu experience. would i come back? yeah...it hit the spot!
4	The best bloody mary we could find in Vegas, extra spicy just the way we like it. Breakfast was reasonable but nothing too memorable.
4	Good breakfast.  Rum desert was amazing.  salmon omelete- way too much cream but was goodtiramisu - was not so great -  kinda old and you could tell itcrosiant sandwidch was huge... and yum.
5	Had a great breakfast with their mushroom spinach and cheese omelette.  Yummy Illy coffee and their service is quick efficient and very attentive. Great job!
1	Worst pizza I have ever had. I love pizza and I will eat any kind, any where. The pizza I had here didn't even taste like pizza. I said something and they just looked at me. Almost $9 for two slices and they could have cared less. Don't waste your time.
4	So I've recently returned from my first trip to Italy and now I've become this HUGE European coffee snob. Not to epic, douche-like proportions, but let me say that Starbucks just can't cut it anymore. Since my return, I have been searching for coffee that is close to the crazy tastiness you get in each cup in Italy. So far, my search has proven to be fruitless...until I decided to spend a Saturday searching for coffee at the Venetian. I tried every coffee bar on the property and this one was by far the best -- and the closest to a real European coffee experience. I walked up to the bar and ordered 2 macchiato espressos. I love this place because you actually can stand and drink your coffee at the bar (the true Italian way). The barista was skilled and the coffee was the Illy brand, which is superior than anything else you can get in the U.S. in my opinion. Best of all, the coffee was served in a dainty little ceramic espresso cup. Paper cups piss me off and I like having my beverage in a REAL container. The coffee was good and was very close to what I had in Italy. It was rich with a slightly bitter coffee taste and a nice presentation. Smooth, hot and delicious. Of course, where I paid 90 cents for the same thing in Europe, here is cost a whopping $3.75 per cup (yikes)! And don't order ice water, they will only sell you bottled water for $2. I would recommend this place and it is definitely worth a trip to the Grand Canal Shoppes if you are a coffee lover. I cannot comment on the food since I only visited the coffee bar, but they had lots of takeaway yums and ginormous pastries. And pizza in the back too. There's also an adjacent sit-down restaurant but if you just need a java jolt, head into the market. The coffee bar is to the right, right up at the entrance. If you prefer to sit to drink your coffee there are a few tables out in the "canal" shopping area.
4	We walked by here one day while exploring the shops inside the Venetian, and it looked cute. It was close to our hotel (Mirage) and so we decided to go for breakfast one day since the Mirage offerings were "meh." I ordered oatmeal, and a bagel and cream cheese, along with orange juice. My friend ordered scrambled eggs and potatoes, which also came with toast. The oatmeal was pretty average, but the OJ was yummy and the bagel was delicious! My friend enjoyed her food, too. The toast that comes with it is a thick cut bread and it also looked good. This place definitely knows its carbs. Service was pretty good. Not exceptionally friendly, but efficient. Total was about $30, less than a buffet of average food elsewhere. I'd come back just for that bagel!
3	Food is good; service just ok
5	Absolutely loved this little cafe! Very cozy, outside seating in the Grand Canal. Awesome food and pastries. Very inexpensive, we had breakfast there, Ham & Cheese Crossiants w/Cappucino & Italian Omelet & Hazelnut Eclair...OMG it was so YUMMY!!!!! Will defineitly hit this spot up again when we return to Vegas.
2	Eh...lasagna didn't taste or look like lasagna. The soup was probably the best thing here but even then id give that 2 1/2 stars ...don't get the salad.
3	My parents and I roamed the strip a couple of days ago to check out the winter festivities and while we waited for the presentation at the Venetian to start at 8pm (Winter in Venice), we decided to head at Tintoretto to relax a little and grab some snacks. Since we came here mainly for the atmosphere, (and by golly was it classy), I will start off with a heads up to any of you who're looking for quality food. Coming here might not be the best idea. I ordered a ham, provolone with tomato and basil panini for us to share, a hot coffee for me, water for my mom and a glass of merlot for papa. The 'panini' came in a regular sandwich bread and taking it from my mom, who experienced working at a coffee shop when she was younger, 'ordinary' was the word to describe it, not to mention, what was served to us wasn't a panini to begin with. (it would've been a grilled sandwich and the provolone cheese would've melted. Ours was cold) The coffee tasted more like tap water than anything, really and I had to douse it in a lot of milk before I could bring myself to drink it down. Service wasn't exceptional although we did have a friendly waitress. She knew the menu well and brought in our food pretty swiftly. I just wish that the way the staff presented themselves was as neat and sophisticated as the restaurant they were working in was. Nevertheless, if there's one thing you'd want to come here for, it'd be the whole 'outdoor-ish' Italian cafe setting, a great place to just sit and talk. I guess in the end, you're mainly paying for the novelty rather than the actual items on the menu. Take a friend here and enjoy the wonderful view, or you could also choose to dine inside the bakery as well.
5	This was the best pizza that I had while in Las Vegas. The selection is much better at night than during lunch.  I ended up eating here a few times, the Danishes are just okay. I had a Napoleon which was good, but not great.  Really come here for the pizza but they have a good selection of treats in the bakery so I guess its hit and miss. The service is really friendly here too :) I will try more on my next trip.
4	The pizza here was not as good as on my prior trips. The carrot cake was plain nasty tasting. However, the employees are very friendly and work together as a team to help get things done fast. The Napolean was good when it was fresh, not so much if its been sitting for a while.
3	Breakfast here with the family was pleasant. I had the fruit plate and oatmeal and my family was quite happy with their eggs in different variations. The service was really good as well.
3	It was affordable and quaint sidewalk type cafe in the Shoppes at the Venetian.  The food wasn't exceptional but it was good.  I had the Veal Marsala and a bottle of Merlot.  I also ordered an Italian sub to take back to the hotel, it was so-so.  I also ordered a cafe latte with Baileys for the walk to the cab area.  I doubt I'd go back but I was famished and there was no wait for a table.
3	The wine bottles are very well priced given the location and the fact that restaurants get away with robbery with their wine prices. I had the pesto gnocchi, which was delicious and a huge portion. There was live entertainment as well. The lemon gelato is almost like gelato in Italy, but just a touch off the mark in texture. Overall, this is a good place to eat in Vegas if you don't want to bust your budget.
3	Very good breakfast, so-so serviceStopped in with the fam and enjoyed their breakfast.  Waffles with Cherries and Italian Omlette were especially good.  Nice bakery for take-home goods, as well.Two kocks: (1) Service was very slow.  Tony had more to converse about with the lady in the service window that to attend to us.  Left waiting about 12 minutes to order and about 15 minutes to pay, after finishing.  (2) OJ is $5 a cup.  I know it's the desert, but really?
2	OK, so the entrees were decent but nothing to rave about. I feel sure we could have found better Italian elsewhere. As far as the baked goods...don't bother. Especially if you are there in the evening. One of the staff members told me by the end of the day everything " has kinda dried out."  She wasn't kidding. My advice, just keep walking, many other better choices available.
1	The food was stale. We had vouchers, so we thought it would be a fun experience.  The manager or hostess went out of her way to ignore us, but was very charming to the customers who came behind us.  Once seated, we attempted to order an Italian soda. We were told they didn't have a lemon or orange flavor. Odd, for an Italian restaurant. Food arrived lukewarm. Soup tasted like baby food. My daughter didn't like her entree. This is where it got interesting. We told our waitress and she brought over the hostess who was rude and condescending and informed us that we couldn't just send food back because she didn't like it. I tasted it. It was the worst lasagna I had ever had. She attempted to get loud, and other diners stopped to stare. After she realized she embarrassed herself, she then conceded, "For you we will make an exception," and went back to get the Chicken Marsala instead. Again, when the food arrived it was lukewarm and the Marsala sauce was not appetizing. The chicken was rubbery and overcooked.  Nobody could finish their dinner after the admonishment of the hostess. It was a very disappointing experience. We left and ate elsewhere. This place needs a Restaurant Impossible makeover in the worst way.
1	Had i made the meal it would have been 5 stars.  Italian fine dining hardly.  Canned mushrooms on my marsala.   The lasagna was Stauffers or at least tasted like it.  The squash soup was campbells gourmet.  Although all good for an at home meal not even olive garden quality which sucks by the way and very expensive
4	I was craving something sweet.  Normally when we are at the Venetian, we will get some frozen yogurt from Yo Fresco.  This time we decided to have something else.  Tintoretto is located at the Grand Canal Shoppes inside the Venetian.  There is also a restaurant inside, but we were here for the bakery.  When you walk inside, the baked goods look so very inviting inside their display cases.  Everything looked so good.I finally decided to give their pecan tart a try.  It did not disappoint, and it was one of the best pecan tarts that I have ever eaten.  Probably the second best that I have ever had the pleasure of trying.  Even the price of $4.75 was affordable.  Being at the Venetian, I expected the price to be much higher.  The portion was just right.  Not big, but not small either.  Three of us were able to share it.  The pecan tart was not overly sweet.  Crust was so yummy.  We thoroughly enjoyed sharing it at one of their tables outside the shop.  People watching while snacking made for an awesome combination.Well, I cannot give my opinion on any other of the food items here because I only had that awesome pecan tart.  I can say that the bakery was very clean and organized.  The service provided by the woman who helped us was exemplary!  I am absolutely a fan of their pecan tart.  I would have to try more of their items before deciding if they are worthy of 5 stars overall.
4	This review is solely based on the bakery and not the restaurant. Hands down best freakin' pistachio gelato in Las Vegas..or America albeit.mmmmm
3	Good food great place
5	A very pleasant find! For the price, this is an outstanding restaurant. My wife and I ate there twice and shared a plate of the linguini bolognese. It was outstanding! For us, the food here was better than some very high end restaurants that we have been to in Vegas.
3	Awesome service, ok food.  It wasn't something I'd go back to unless I had another voucher (free with a 2-hour timeshare talk). The food was cooked correctly and the presentation was good, but the flavors weren't exciting.  The inside of the bakery/bar part is beautiful and very classy.
4	We came here because we were craving an Italian gelato. I got a small cup (which actually is not small at all) of coconut and tiramisu...AMAZING...my wife had coffee and stracciatella...very good as well.The manager Mariarosa is the best host ever! She is so nice and has always a smile for everyone.We also tried their Italian "pasticcini" and they were authentic and fresh.This is just a review about their bakery and ice cream section though. We didn't dine there
2	Bakery review. Tasteless cookies and pastries. Doesn't compare to the legit Italian bakeries in Philly and SF. Not even going to comment on how they compare to their true Italian kin.
1	Lack luster at best. Was seated right away so that was great. Review went down from there. Took ten minutes to put in a drink order and another ten minutes to recurve it. The food was nothing to write home about. I went simple and ordered a caprese salad. The tomatoes had no flavor and were just slopped on the plate.
3	Okay for a quick breakfast in Vegas.  I like the location if you sit outside on the patio area because it's great for people watching.  We all ordered eggs, sausage/bacon, potatoes, and lattes.  The eggs were gross, I didn't eat more than a bite.  Everyone else thought they were okay, but they were worse than something from a fast food restaurant.  I'm giving this place three stars because everyone else I was with thought it was decent, even though I strongly disagreed.  What I really liked was my latte- it was excellent.  A little odd that it was served in a coffee mug with a Pepsi logo on it, but hey, I get it, if Pepsi paid for it, I guess that's what we get served with.  I think just an understated solid white or cream coffee mug would be preferable, but the latte itself was great.
1	We stopped off for a late breakfast after a night on the town. We had to wait a long time to be seated as many servers walked past and failed to acknowledge us. We were seated by a nice server and then waited about ten minutes until a less than cheerful server took our order. This was of course after several tables seated after us were served.  Then after another 25 minutes we were told that our order was delayed because of they were switching from breakfast to lunch. What?!?!?!  We left at that point having wasted a half an hour trying to get some eggs and toast. Worst service from start to finish I've had in maybe forever.  The food we did see appeared to be standard diner fair with a slight up charge. I would have to say don't waste the time or money. Wish they had a no star rating.
4	Our feet were hurting, our stomachs complaining, and I was getting grumpier and grumpier.This is a three-star restaurant with a five-star hostess -- Mariarosa.The food is pretty traditional Italian food.  Like my grandmother would have made if my grandmother were an Italian immigrant.  You can probably name 90% of the menu without ever seeing it.  Italian comfort food.But then there's Mariarosa, the grandmother you wish you had.  She said she's worked for Tintoretto's for over 40 years -- 30 in Long Island, and the 11 years in Las Vegas.Mariarosa welcomed us like family.  Told the waiter to take care of us.  Came by to check that we were happy.  When my wife went to the bakery, Mariarosa had them arrange the pastries on a plate.  She pinched my son's cheeks.  She's the nonna all of us wish we could have, at least for 90 minutes. (Check out the photo.)If you eat there, tell Mariarosa hello for us.
2	The food was okay. I tried a few dishes and I could recommend the ravioli and the chicken Francesca. The service was lacking and one lady in particular was very rude. She actually confronted a friend of mine about his tip because he based his tip on the service provided rather than a "just-cause" as most people seem to do. A tip should tell you everything you need to know about the satisfaction a customer experienced, there should be no need for a confrontation as if tips are deserved rather than earned as a gratitude.
3	This Italian bakery in the Venetian Casino has some beautiful pastries and is one of the few places in the US I've found that sells sfogliatelle.  Sadly, the sfogliatelle did not have the crisp, fresh deliciousness of the ones in Italy.  The cookies at Tintoretto were yummy though.  The prices are relatively high, but I still buy a few cookies when visiting Vegas.
1	We ended up here by mistake looking for the other place in the Venetian. Food was terrible. I had linguini with chicken and the "sauce" was like water. My wife had the lasagna and it literally tasted like chef boyardie. Don't waste your time and money.
4	Really enjoyed a stop here for lunch. Service and food were good. Recommend the ravioli (6 large squares enough surprisingly for two people were moist and delicious), gelato and mousse were prefect finishers. Prices were surprisingly affordable. A bottle of wine $25, $4-6 for deserts.
4	I can't believe this place hasn't gotten a higher rating - probably the best meal I've had in Vegas. Do NOT let the outside of this place fool you - it looks like a straight up bakery but there is restaurant seating in the back. I've been here for both a quick slice of pizza (delicious) as well as a meal with my family. The servers are SO friendly. The ambience isn't anything fancy but the food is wonderful. I got the gnocchi al pesto and I'd go as far as saying it's the best gnocchi (aside from my grandmother's) that I've ever had, and I don't say this about Italian food outside of my family's too often. I'm not sure if the people who have reviewed this have only gotten the pastries and haven't given the actual food a try, but this place is legit as far as I'm concerned.
3	Food was ok. Nothing spectacular. The service was definitely 5 star. Their pastries are a must try.
5	I really enjoyed my meal at Tintoretto.  It made me feel like i was sitting on the streets of Italy.  I sat on the patio and had a view of the "living statue" who performs on the internal street of the Venetian shops.  I had a pesto gnocchi for lunch.  It was excellent!  the gnocchis were perfectly cooked.  The staff was very pleasant.  I would dine here again in  a heart beat!
5	Stumbled upon the place while walking through the Venetian and couldn't have gotten a more pleasant surprise.  I ate the salmon omelet topped with capers and served with breakfast potatoes.  Amazing i will definitely be back!
4	I had their Tintoretto sandwich which sausage, bell peppers, and their famous tomato sauce. It's on the back page of their lunch menu. It was super good, not salty even though I gave the bread to dad and just ate the inside. It tasted like they soaked the sausage in wine. My brother ordered a pasta that had clam and shrimp and I had a bite of that. Also pretty tasty. Didn't try their bakery items. I took one star off because the server gave us the wrong bill and they don't have their own bathroom.
4	Breakfast was ok, but what won me over was the iced latte I ordered.  I was the best coffee I have ever enjoyed!  Service was ok and if it wasn't for the coffee I would of given three stars.
4	Had a great experience here with my wife. Loved the breakfast and the beautiful kind waitress who served us outside. Mimosas and poached eggs. If only I know the lady who served us, she was kind and had amazing service. Just got to wait a while but that's expected.
2	2 stars for the lunch I ate, but my daughter would give this place 4 stars for the pastry she ate. I am going to base my review on the lunch, however, because that's the meal we stopped here for as we started to browse the canal shops at The Venetian.I'll keep it short and simple: When I eat at an Italian restaurant, ESPECIALLY one in a freaking expense Italian hotel setting, I expect the pasta to be fan-freaking-tastic and homemade. So I ordered the spaghetti bolognese (sp?) and the spaghetti was the out-of-the-box stuff I make at home and the sauce was unimpressive. Service was spotty on top of that.An Italian restaurant that serves boxed spaghetti deserves no more than 2 stars. Period.
5	Coffee time again, this place has mini chocolate mousse that is to die for,  small for 0.75$ and good for people with diabetes so you don't have a lot of sweet. Customer service is great I love the girls I work over there and the service is very fast so you have to wait a lot
5	After seeing the line out the door at Buddy's place, we decided to satisfy our Italian pastry craving with this place instead and they did not disappoint. We tried their cannoli, white chocolate fruit tart and napolean and they were all FABULOUS!
5	Our hotel gave us vouchers for a free dinner for 2 here. Soooo worth it. Would have gladly paid full price and definitely will return on a next visit! I had the Squash & Spibach soup to start. Then Chicken Marsala, coffee & desert. Hubby enjoyed the delicious salad, lasagna and desert as well.
1	We came for desserts. We sat for 10 mins before we could catch the attention of a waiter, even though there were many walking around. We told him we wanted dessert, he looked confused and went on to talk to the manager. The manager walked over and repeatedly reminded us that we would have to pay 'premium', the 15% tip, for the table cloth and service, and we should just take the dessert to go or simply sit somewhere else. I was very taken aback by her attitude but since we are celebrating a birthday and some of us really wanted some pastries for the evening,  we bought a couple of pastries and sat at the non serviced portion of the restaurant. The pastries taste mediocre at best. Will not return.
5	Mariarosa, Alicia and Nelly showed great customer service! ( i think her name tag said nelly) I didn't get the barista name but he also showed very good customer service skills. We had some pastries a mocha and two lattes. They were all delicious. Two thumbs up!
