3	Finally opened Oct. 17 even though posted signs indicated it would be open back in September.  They still do not have full seating, a full menu, nor full set of beers on tap.  Anyway, I think they will succeed because of location, location, location.Being across from the stadium is a great move, and being on the corner of College & 5th in Tempe is great for the ASU kids with ID's who will find it to be a shorter walk than the bars over on Mill Ave.Beers are rather average, but perhaps they'll add more in the future.  Service for a quiet Sunday was slow and inattentive, which you might expect on a busy Saturday but certainly not on a slow Sunday.  Their current bar is an inside/outside hybrid which can be good for the fair weather months, but it also means that the cigarette smokers exhale their stinky smoke right into the restaurant.  The changes in AZ smoking laws were great because we no longer had to deal with this filth inside, but alas the inside/outside bar is a way for them to still ruin it for those of us who aren't addicted to nicotine, tar, and such.Electric Dave's is OK for now, and I'll be sure to give them additional visits when they have a full menu and full tap list (and hopefully better servers too).  I'm also not down with the obnoxious "no guns" signs.
3	I had already got a bit of a nosh at Casey Moore's before I decided to go and check out Dave's electric brew when I have been waiting to open like..forever you know dude? (thus ends my valley girl impression). They seemed to have a decent enough menu, the highlight of which for me will be the grilled German Sausages with mustard and dark bread. Dave (the owner) was there and said that he also intends to offer sausage with cooked cabbage and applesauce as well, which I'm all for! As someone else mentioned, even though I was inside the smoke from those on the patio did tend to drift in but that was the price I paid for a beautiful view of the ASU stadium with the occasional light rail train sliding by (feels very euro) so thumbs up on one of the best sunset patio views of any patio restaurant near ASU. As for the beers, since I'm recovering this weekend from a week-long trip to Tokyo for business (kampai everyone!) I choose the lowest alcohol beer, the oatmeal stout. Dave said it had a chocolate finish and boy, it was very chocolate and not as smooth as I expected but...it was a hand crafted beer. I hope to try the IPA next time and Dave also noted that as soon as they could get an electrician in to finish up the connections in the brewing area he would start brewing beer on the premises. The most promising thing was that Dave said his place would support the art of local home-brewing. As soon as things get settled he will be holding regular home brew competitions and the homebrewer who wins the taste competition will get to brew that beer using the brew systems at Dave's Electric Brewpub. As the occasional practitioner of the brewing arts I have to admit..I'm a bit excited to have a reason to brew some beer. So, for now, 3 stars, since I was not all that crazy about the beer I tried and did not get a chance to try the food. However, service was pretty decent and one thing that Dave's does that I've never seen anywhere else is provide the IBU or bitterness units for each beer so it let's you know the general hoppy bitterness of the brew. I intend to ride the rail there from work for happy hour at least every other week so hope to be able to improve my rating after a few more visits.
5	I was in town for the Cal/asu game this past weekend and a few of us Bear fans decided to leave Sun Devil Stadium @ halftime for a beer break. Well...we never made it back for the second half of the game!!! I'm originally from south Scottsdale so I know the Tempe area pretty well, and I know that whatever business is on this corner has always failed. It seems like every bar that's been in this space has had more of a "loungey" feel, which doesn't really make sense when you're across the street from a football stadium. The fact that this place feels like an actual bar is a big plus!!! The place isn't huge and surprisingly wasn't all that crowded for a game day (apparently it's only been open a couple of weeks). There wasn't much on tap, but the Four Peaks brew that I was drinking was tasty. They also had $4 Jaager shots, which I downed a couple of!!! Honestly, I didn't get a good look at the menu (food or drink), but since this place is still in the process of opening everything is still a work in progess. I shared an order of nachos with some friends and they didn't disappoint!!! As far as the crowd goes, it's a slightly older group of alums (30's-40's), which is probably why our experience was so pleasant (rooting for the visiting team in a college town can be an interesting experience as far as dealing with current students). Our waitress (Erica) was awesome!!! She was attentive and patient, which is a major asset when you're working a college bar. The excellent level of service may have had something to with the fact that I told her I yelp (my tab seemed a bit smaller than it should have been as well), but hey, either way I had a great time!!! Since I don't live here, I obviously won't become a regular, but I would definitely recommend this place to those hanging out around the ASU campus who want an alternative to the Mill scene...
1	Tonight was our first and last visit to this place. We're big fans of brewery-type restaurants (especially non chains) and are frequenters of Four Peaks usually, but we unwisely tried to venture out of our usual places tonight. Our list of criticisms - while individually may not be big issues - adds up enough to inspire me to write my first Yelp review in this place's honor. This place may be new, but they have a lot to work on.- We were seated outside among other patrons for 20 minutes before we were offered service.- The beer is not very good. Lager is horrible.- Waitress didn't bring menus and acted like it was an effort to get them - at 6 pm.- Burgers were overdone. Macaroni & cheese was good, but for $9 we only got a small bowl.- Second beers came in plastic cups because by 7 pm they had run out of pint glasses, even though the place was not too busy.- There was an attempted illicit transaction between patrons on the patio and someone walking up to the rail. A bouncer had to run over and ask them all to leave. Later, two employees (one a manager of the place) loudly discussed the incident right by us.- They apparently ran out of ice, and when the manager was informed, she loudly swore and ran over to call the ice company.- Smokers were way too close to the entrances to the building. They also kept sitting on a bench right by our table - still inside the railing - and it just seemed too close to people eating. Maybe we're just spoiled at not having smokers in restaurants now.- The waitress Shelly was just unfriendly and not responsive beyond the initial wait. When we would give an order, she would absent mindedly look off in the distance and then have us repeat it. She got cranky when the 1 minute she gave our friend to look at the menu wasn't enough  and she had to come back later - then she waited 10 minutes before the next swing by. We are usually good tippers, but when she gave us the credit card slip without a pen to sign with and without even saying "thank you" on a last attempt to be nice, we barely gave her anything.Nothing redeeming this place.
4	I admit Im not really a fan of the college bar scene in Tempe.. but enroute to the ASU/USC game last weekend.. my boyfriend said we should get our brew suds on before hitting the stadium.. little did I realize that I like beer (just one icy one!) while watching the Sundevils take on my home states school... (maybe thats to ward off the smack talkers of those from AZ around me! "University of Spoiled Children".. 'they are all spoiled beach yuppies!'... WHAT????) but my own Sundevil says there isnt a beer to be had inside the stadium.. This place was actually alot of fun... packed to the walls with , none other than big old loud frat boys.. and cute sorority girls.. The servers still remained friendly and swift.. amongst the crowd.. Daves Electric Beer was icy and hit the spot.. game on!
1	Maybe it will get better, but this was pretty terrible beer.  Had the Industrial Pale Ale, which just tasted weird.  Had a few sips and left it - not worth the calories.  The oatmeal stout is okay tasting, but pretty watery and weak - tastes like something from Salt Lake City where you can't have a beer higher than 3% or something.  The place looks cool, and the bathroom is nice, and the folks serving are pretty nice.  But, I'll head over to Taste of Tops, Four Peaks or Papago if I'm in the area.
3	i wanted to try this place out with a group, but since i was down there for some reason, i stopped in for a beer and a bite. the setup is decent. the bar is half in and half outside, with an indoor room and a longer patio. wanted to sit at bar, but not much room to, so i was far from any action.i tried their IPA, and it was good but average tasting. i tried the "OK Ale" and it was.. OK. actually it tasted a little flat, but maybe that was by design. i didnt ask. they do have beer towers which always look good.for food they have a decent menu, but i went safe with chicken fingers. good, but again, average. the hot sauce was probably just Frank's and the ranch wasnt even that good. fries were a bit better than average at least, cause i think they were beer battered.it was saturday evening and i dont recall what the happy hour deals are but probably not too exciting if i dont remember.overall it was whatev. probably cool when its crowded? may go back if someone suggests it.
4	I like Dave's Electric. Great location for a micro-brewery (on the corner of 5th and College in downtown Tempe.) I enjoyed the Electric Brew with a veggie burger and had a great time with friends on the patio. Dave's is vegetarian friendly and dogs are welcome on the patio on a leash. Good beer, good food, good locale, good vibe.
2	Well I stopped in here the other night to give their beers a whirl, and unfortunately was a bit disappointed. I tried the IPA and the Oatmeal Stout, the IPA was average at best and the Oatmeal Stout left a lot to be desired, which is unfortunate since both of those are my favorite styles. I didn't get to try the food, so I can't comment on that. The service was good, but it was also pretty dead when I went.
4	I didn't eat here, so I guess I can't give a full review. But I did have a beer, and I did take the Orbit to downtown Tempe, and I walked over here and had a yummy pint for 2 bucks on Sunday evening. The more places that I can drink then take a bus home, the better.
2	This breweries electricity level is the equivalent of licking a used 9v battery. The house beers are below average in my opinion, The food was not good at all...and the service staff, well here is a little perspective of things, as the bartender is clearing our table he knocks over my quarter-of-the-way-full-beer, he apologizes, and brings us our bill moments later...No comp, no refill, nothing...thats kind of what I felt like leaving for a tip, but no server deserves that.
1	I would like to tell you a story about the worst day of my life.  It was when I came to your worthless"bar"  Your overpriced cocktails have the alcohol content of a handi-wipe at best.  I can also conclude that you do not have any sort of benefits offered to your employees because they walk by customers several times and cannot seem to recognize what a customer holding cash looks like.  Send them to an eye doctor.  They are too busy checking their cell phones and showing each other their awful, awful tattoos.  The prisoners in a concentration camps received better service from the Nazis then I got from the employees at your bar.  I had such a bad experience that I feel I will never be able to get an erection ever again, until I hear that your place has gone out of business (I'm sure it will very soon)  The only compliment I have is that I am glad you allow dogs on your patio.  I plan to bring them mine over soon after eating five cans of Hormel chili in the hopes they will piss and s*** all over the place and hopefully maul a member of your useless staff.  If a member of the police force shows up and have been to your dump bar, they will understand and let me go.  I predict your hellhole will soon be turning into a gay bar.P.S. - The food you offer..... wow.  I can't believe you try to pass that kibble off as food.  The health department will be by soon and will close your virtual food "house of horrors" ASAP.  Great food if you are constipated and need to do a little spring cleaning.  If you are bulimic, come eat here.  Guaranteed to make you puke.Looking forward to the day you go out of business.
4	I can see how several people have given some reviews that are less than flattering because it can be rough going the first few months a place is open.  I think people sometimes are too quick to judge and condemn a new place.  Dave's Electric is doing okay, but has some room for improvement, which I believe will happen naturally as the place matures.I have now eaten at Dave's Electric ten times.  Every time I have eaten there the food has been great, the service has been average, the atmosphere is relaxed, and I have enjoyed the beer.  What else are you looking for in a bar that serves food?  Hence the 4 stars.  However, I do have one recommendation for the management of Dave's: Customer service needs improvement.  In the 10 times I have eaten at Dave's since it opened, 3 times the service was almost non-existent, the other 7 times it was adequate, but never great.  To be honest, my expectations are not very high.  Order, eat, drink, pay, leave-- If I can do those in that order without having to flag a bartender down I'll give you a B+.  Anything over that would be an A.  Getting decent service 7 out of 10 times is not an acceptable number, however the last 5 times I have been there the service HAS been acceptable.  I've seen improvement, but there is definately room for more.On a more positive note, I have had many of the items on the menu and have never been disappointed in the food.  The following items are very good:Italian Beef Sandwich (my new fave)Spicy Chicken Sandwich (jalapeno mayo and fire roasted chili make this great!)Spinach Artichoke Dip (Four Peaks has the best in town, and probably can't be beat)Black and Bleu BurgerSpicy Chicken SaladDave's Electric Wings (I am a spicy food lover, and these are the perfect heat.  They are one step hotter than your typical "hot" wing).Overall this place can improve, and probably will.  I hope it is here to stay because it is a nice addition to Downtown Tempe's waning restaurant population. Support local businesses and say no to gaudy chain restaurants!Eat and Drink at Dave's Electric!
1	After repeat visits it just gets worse - the service, that is.  It was as if we were held hostage and could not leave for a full 25 minutes because that's how long it took to receive hour check after several requests to several different employees.  Female servers might be somewhat cute but know absolutely nothing about beer and this is a brewpub.  I asked if they have an seasonal beers and the reply was no, that they only sell their own beers!  Even more amusing is their "industrial pale ale" is an IPA but it is not bitter.  So, they say it's an IPA but it's not bitter, it's not a true-to-style IPA.  Then people say "Oh I don't like IPA's" and want something else.  Their attempt to rename a beer/style is actually hurting them.  Amazing.The menu was not the regular menu, just a small list of about 4-5 choices.  To make it worse, the actual menu on every table was wrong, yet the kept the menus on the tables anyway.  I heard 3 separate tables order the fried raviolis but they did not have them.  This place is *only* in business because of the location, location, location.
5	I am a local event planner. I toured the space and was excited to find just how great the view was from the 2nd floor balcony. Granted, the first floor (street level) also makes for great people watching. There is room for a couple hundred people (total), and I would highly recommend the space for a private meeting or social gathering. Note: there is a pretty cool fireplace and furniture set-up on the 2nd floor that deserves kudos.  It may be a little hot for summer use, but that still leaves 9 months out of the year to use the space.
3	The truth is I went here to listen to the band that was playing Monday night. The band was really amazing. I only planned on staying a short time and instead turned all Cinderella and stayed out way to late. I read the reviews first, and was prepared for the worst. Maybe because I was expecting some man with chili spewing dogs (scary) I was to timid to try the food or the beer. The waitress was really sweet and checked on me numerous times. I just ordered a coke and sat on my bar stool and enjoyed the sound of the band. I like the way the bar is set up, and more importantly how close it is to the light rail. Next Monday night I will get brave and try a beer or two... everyone else seemed pretty happy drinking theirs. Maybe the owners read the reviews on yelp and tweaked the service and all the other issues the yelpers were upset about. One guy next to me ordered hot wings and they looked delicious. Okay, so next Monday night hot wings and a beer and really great music... and if the beer is good and the hot wings spicy I'll add an extra star or two.
2	Ordered the french onion soup and it was so salty I could barely eat it. Best part though? The slice of bread on top was a hamburger bun. How LAME.  The waitress was cool and very attentive. My friend ordered chili cheese fries that were huge and tasted decent.  The burger was a greasy mess. I love the set up of this place, there have been so many different restaurants here and none seem to last long. And with mediocre food I doubt this one will last.
2	I went to Dave's Electric for a Happy Hour.  The group I met for Happy Hour was rather large, so I decided to buy my drink at the bar.  It took them at least 10 minutes to take my order.  There were 2 people behind the bar taking orders and 1 at the cash register.  It wasn't a big bar to begin with and the bar area wasn't that busy.  One crotchity old guy was talking to his friend and said something on the lines of "Geez it's taking forever to get a beer." The lady at the cash register told him that she was closing the register and then had some pretty passive agressive statements to say to him.  The old guy was like, I wasn't even talking to you and then went on a rant.  Even though he was rude, he had a point.  I've been to bigger bars, that were busier with the same amount of people, and had my drink in a timely manner.  Even an acknowledgement (like, I'll be with you in a minute), is better than totally ignoring the customer.  Anyway, I had Dave's Electric Brew and it was alright.  I went and sat with my group.  I tried to order the crab cakes, but they were out.  So I ordered Edamame.  It took about 30 minutes to get my order.  I think the Edamame was overcooked because they were really squishy and difficult to eat.  It also took a very long time to get my bill and pay.  I know my group was large, but it just took a long time.I figure the reason for the substandard customer service to Dave's Electric is that it's a new establishment and they are working out the kinks.  I hope they can work out these issues.  It's a great location right off the lightrail and they have a nice patio area.
3	About a year ago I had some Dave's Electric beer in Bisbee.  I thought the beer was just ok.  It was more about the novelty of having a beer brewed and sold only in Bisbee.  After Bisbee though, I never gave Dave's Electric much thought until they opened a brewpub about a mile from my house.  My wife and I are big fans of trying new local breweries and brewpubs so were excited to try it.  We finally made it last Saturday at about 9pm and the place was dead.  There were only about 5 other people in the place which is good because I like to have my choice of seat and don't like to wait for drinks and service.The place is pretty big but probably 2/3rds of it is taken up by huge brewing tanks so the actual bar/dining area is pretty small.  We opted to sit outside because they had lots of heaters.  The heater by our table though was on the fritz so the bouncer guy stood there almost the entire time trying to keep the thing lit which was thoughtful.I really liked the atmosphere of the place.  The bar opens up to a nice patio where you can sit, chat and people watch.  There are several TVs where you can watch whatever games are on.  There was also a small band playing in the corner.  Being right on ASU's campus and having reasonably priced beers it was hard to believe that the place wasn't busier.  I'm guessing that the place will get super crowded before ASU football games so get there early if you want a seat because space is limited.Their selection of beer is small.  They only had 4 of their beers on tap which was limiting but also made it easier to decide.  They were all $4 ($3 during happy hour) which I guess is pretty reasonable.  I had the Old Frog Grog and my wife had the IPA.  Their beer isn't my favorite but it is very good.  It is more about trying a new place and supporting a local brewery rather than going for a superb beer.A couple of the reviews on here mention poor service.  I think that the service was very good.  Our waitress was quick and friendly and I have no complaints.They have a pretty large food menu for a brewery but is still pretty typical bar food so I'm not sure how good it is.Will I rush back?  No; I just didn't think the place was all that special and different from a lot of other bars in AZ.  However, if I am in the immediate area and want a decent beer, then yes I will return.
3	Beep Beep, goes the silent death that is the light rial as I try to cross the street to Daves electric. I stooped in here to give it a try and have a pre A mountain hike beer, yes beer and night hiking is a decent mix. We sat down at a patio table and our waitress came quickly, she informed us that happy hour that we thought we had just missed had been extended for an hour, SCORE! $3 for a pint of micro brew, this could be dangerous. Based on the name I had to try the Daves Electric Ale,  My friend had the industrial pale ale. The electric ale clean but nothing special, as with most ales.   The Industrial pale ale however was pretty good with a decent floral note from the hops. Overall the beer selection seemed a bit small compared to other breweries as did the inside seating which could be an issue when the inferno of the AZ summer comes.It is a good stop to power up before you walk up A mountain, it is like gatoraid but better with some hops in it.
2	Off a few blocks away from Mill so its not as chaotic but the layout sucks.  We had a large group, around 35 people, which literally filled up all the indoor space.  The place is long and narrow with half the bar facing inside and half facing the patio.  It was a cold night so we were all packed along the inside.  So it was a pain getting to the restroom and finding a place to stand that was not in the path of the servers.They only have 4 beers on tap which didn't include a hefeweizen or guinness.  I ordered a quesadilla which states on the menu that it includes chicken but the waiter charged it as an add on.  Not cool.
1	If I could give this place no stars I would.  Possibly the worst service I have ever had.  There are a lot of choices in the area, choose somewhere other than this place.  Absolutely awful.
4	I'm not a beer drinker so I can't attest to those (though other people reviewing here certainly have a low opinion) but they do have hard apple cider on tap. That works for me. I've been to Dave's a few times lately. There are often events at Studio 5C upstairs and Dave's is convenient. I will say the food I've tried before was not memorable. I do remember eating there, but it wasn't bad enough to complain about or good enough to remember... until tonight. I ordered the Mac n Cheese and I think it's the best Mac n Cheese I've had anywhere. I ate until I couldn't eat anymore and enjoyed every bite. A variety of cheeses and baked to deliciousness.I sat on the north patio - away from the bar. The server was attentive and friendly right up til it was time for her to go off duty and she lost enthusiasm/motivation but eventually came back for the check business. I had a friend join me halfway through my meal and she was right on top of that too, until we were done. Oh well. I can't wait until tomorrow night. There's another event upstairs so I have an excuse for a great dinner before going up. Can you overdose on Mac n Cheese?
4	Met one of the owners of Dave's Electric at Whole Foods in Tempe last week.  what a nice lady!  Beyond that, Electric Dave has been around forever an comes from my home town, Bisbee AZ..  I have sampled Dave's beers for years at all the different beer festivals and have always enjoyed them.  You can alwys tell Dave's beer by the Lightning Bolt tap handles.  They are really cool.  Any hoo, what a great idea to open a brewpub in downtown tempe.  The timing is perfect with everybody gaining a respect for good Arizona beer.  Good Luck Dave!!!
2	Really 2.5 stars, and with some small changes, it could be 3.5 stars. I don't come here for the food (with one exception) and I wish I was driven to come here for the beer -- but so far, I'm not. The beer is OK, but nothing stands out, and for now, this is a big for now, the beer is not made in house, but that will change soon. Being an IPA lover, I am stunned that their IPA has the lowest IBUs, at 17, among their 4 beers (IPA, Pale Ale, Lager, Oatmeal Stout). I'm at a loss on the IPA (and yes, I did get all beer geek on you). I don't need 90 Minute IPA levels, but I'd like to taste my hops. That said, the IPA has good flavor. The staff is friendly and usually a blast to hang out with, although it appears turnover is high (yes, I know, shocking). I've had some great nights and afternoons just chatting with people (including watching some Marines in from CA hit on every woman that moved...it was one of the few times that I was actually rooting for the guys). It is a nice, although slightly awkward space, because of a front room that makes no sense. Still, it has a bar that opens to the outside and a nice patio. The food is slow and average on a good day. However, the sausage/bratwurst sampler is awesome, but I'm not sure it is on the menu all the time. And let me tell you, if you play hide the brat with me, I'm not down. Ultimately, I would hang out here more often if the establishment had cared about a small error that was made with one of my credit receipts (and the beer was better). Basically, a $7 + $3 tip receipt was run for $40 instead of $10. I informed them and left a note with my bank record for the manager. She never called and the error was never fixed. Consistent with the nice staff, the bartender did comp me a beer when I told her the story. Given the good location, I'm sure Dave's can survive, I just hope the beer improves.
3	I went in this sat with some friends, and it was dead.We each got a beer, and enjoyed on of the last cool evenings.I had a IPA which is quite good, I the tried their oatmeal stout, it tasted water and the malts were a bit too roasted for a beer that lacked body.One odd thing they offer is a "Tower"  for $21 one would assume it would contain at least two pitches ($11) worth of beer, however it does not, it really has just 1.5 pitchers worth. Plus they are probably hard to clean.Live music started  around 10 making it hard to converse so we left for a stagger up Hayden Butte.
2	Location is great. Most of the stars go to that. Beer is good/okay.Food is kinda edible.Service is some of the worst I've encountered. I had the turkey club and my bacon was chewy. My husband had a burrito, which tasted like a big taco bell nacho grande wrapped up in a tortilla. Waitress was lousy. We were ignored and then she took my husband's drink order and didn't ask what I wanted. I don't think she was being rude, but rather had the attention span of a gnat.
2	DAVE'S-I HOPE THIS CRITIQUE WAKES YOU UP!!Sunday evening, enjoying an almost cool night, wife and I dropped in on Dave's. We were in for some good ole' bar food for dinner, and the east side patio seemed inviting. Sat at the second table, and was annoyed by the smell. Glanced around the patio and other tables, all were dirty. Could be trouble!Well, waitress came over right away so maybe service is good. One Chardonnay, one OK Ale, and opted for wings and sliders. Drinks came soon enough, and both were quaffable. But smell lingered, so we moved down a few tables (it was slow!)Waiting, waiting for food. Again, waiting. After about 20m, chipotle wings showed up. 5m more, sliders and fries. All were very good, but were the only part of dining we enjoyed. But the wait....for appetizers.... sheesh! The lack of cleanliness just became more apparent too. The condiment box was ragged and spotted, the containers were covered with mustard, ketchup dribbles, and we emptied the ketchup quickly on the fries. Waitress had forgotten us after food delivered, so getting ketchup refill took 10m. FRIES GOT COLD-BAD!After eating, then had to run down waitress and actually go to bar to pay tab. So much for the promising service. I better wrap this up, and re state my points-Food was good, service can be hit and miss, but really, clean up the place, please! We do intend to return, but not sure when.
3	Most definently a college hangout.  Lots of smokers on the patio, which BTW is within the area of the front door, so it should be illegal.  Mediocre beer at best.  The attraction for party people is that you can share a huge tower of their mediocre beer.  Food was typical bar food grub, nothing really crazy but done well, possibly a little overcooked.  Their IPA, which they call Industrial Pale Ale is not what most people would consider an IPA (Normally known as India Pale Ale), it is actually their least hoppiest beer which is hard to do since almost all the beers have very low amounts of hops in them but which college kids may not care about since this is a place that caters to a college students budget..
3	Like others have mentioned before, this is one of those businesses that you want to do anything you can to help them succeed so that more follow in their footsteps.  It's going to be really tough to not compare every aspect to Four Peaks, as they have set the bar really high for local Tempe breweries in terms of service, food, and of course suds.  Dave's falls a little short of 4P on each of those categories except service, but Like Evan B, I went in on a Saturday when the place was sparsely populated.We ordered the chicken strips (great with Dave's spicy wing sauce on them) and the spicy chicken sandwich and both were quite good.  Dave's hot wing sauce probably ranks around an 8/9 on BW's scale, and had a great latent spice kick.The chicken sandwich had a huge green chile on it, and the Jalapeno mayo had a great kick.  Match that up with the fries and you can expect to leave stuffed.  We paired our meals up with the OK ale, which was not bad but slightly watery.Overall - decent food, decent beer, but lacks the vibrant atmosphere of it's big brother Four Peaks down the street.
4	New Menu, New Staff, and New Events.Dave's is an interesting spot, subsequently it is not for everyone.Want a $2 Bud Light?  Go to the aptly named College Dropouts.  Want one of the best stouts you'll find on tap in the United States?  Park yourself at the bar and ask for a grog.The food is pretty much the best quality you'll find for the price anywhere near campus.  The pizzas are amazing, the sliders terrific, but the Salmon BLT is the best thing on the menu.Dave's is a laid back spot during the day, and most nights.  One of the few bars where you can actually have a conversation (except on Friday/Saturday nights where DJs/Live Music pack the place), enjoy a good beer, glass of wine, or high quality tequila, and decompress.It's not your standard high-volume brewpub, nor is it trying to be.  It's the kind of spot you wish existed on some equatorial beach somewhere when you were on an extended vacation.Try the Teriyaki wings, or Sausage Sampler (anyone who's been to Germany on a proper bender... err... trip, will appreciate this dish).
4	Some of these reviews are awfully harsh - we really liked this place.  Mike, the bartender, was very friendly and helpful, the beer was good and the location was great right next to Sun Devil stadium!
3	Beer. That is what we need to discuss when evaluating a brewery. Leave it to Arizonans to jump to food or service when grading a brewery. Uggg. This state sucks.The beer was good by Arizona standards. People think 4 Peaks is some kind of magical elixir - it is average beer. The Electric is a stepchild of 4 Peaks, I believe  they share investors and probably brew recipes. AZ needs more places like this and people need to drink more local beer. Drinking good local beer is so important. Brew your own, get educated and frequent your local brewery... just don't go there and judge them on their food.
2	This place is a must go if you are some beer starved party animal ASU student but as an adult who is one step beyond the let's get blottoed for the sake of getting drunk this place isn't really worth visiting.  The beers really aren't that good compared to Four Peaks/Papago/Sun Up/San Tan, or any of the other brew pubs around.  Really wasn't that impressed with the food either.  The only reason I gave it an extra star than one because the service was good, of course there were only one other group in the place at the time.
3	When I first entered Dave's about twenty visits ago, I had no idea they were going for bare minimum, just like any divey joint.  I had no clue that Dave's even aspired to be a dive.  Usually being a dive is earned, with a been through the muck and mire character. But Dave's, being a new establishment that is trying to seem like an old establishment,  just comes off as lazy. Now that Dave's has had time to settle in, and has grown from the new kid on the block to the-place-that-didn't-go-out-of-business-right-away (like the last five businesses in this location), it is fairly evident that my hopes were too high from the start.  But I am adaptable!  I like this place.  3 stars means A-OK!The service isn't top notch, but it isn't any worse than any other business that doesn't focus on service.  They just hire anyone to work behind the bar, usually a kinda cute girl, but a girl that couldn't make a neat bourbon without looking it up.The food is something to eat while you are at a bar.  There are a few items on the menu that are okay (see my last review), and others I do not care about so much (see this review):Wings (Not the best)The wings were extra fatty today.  While the meat underneath is good, part of enjoying wings is eating the entire wing.  I don't want to be a princess and get out a knife and fork to eat wings at a bar.  I want to Homer Simpson those bastards and stick a whole wing in my mouth and remove a bare bone.  The sauce is good though.  I ordered the Chipotle, which was like a bbq with a kick (much milder than I expected), and the Dave's Electric, which is pretty damn hot.   I think I'll be sticking to their sandwiches from here on out.
4	I like this place. My friends and I have off-and-on frequented this place for the past year and we've never been disappointed. While they'll continue to truck their staple brews up from the Bisbee location, they are finally brewing small batches here in Tempe.Only a couple blocks down from the always busy Mill, Dave's Electric is a nice change of pace with a chill patio, never overly crowded (if you're day drinking, you might be one of only a few people here) and the waitstaff are pretty awesome!My favorite beer is the OK Ale and the pretzel bites are good little snackers.
2	So this is a brewery. They have an IPA on the menu, listed at 17 IBUs. I am not sure how much you know about beer, and the IBU (Bitterness basically) is a BS measurement unit anyway, IPAs usually have around a 50-60 though. It was great that the waitress understood what we meant when we asked if that was correct, she at least knew what we were talking about. Nonetheless, the beer sampler was well priced, even if the beer wasn't very good. The food was unremarkeable, other than the sausage sampler which was excellent. My friend had Mac n Cheese, a passion of hers, and was basically unhappy with it; it was essentially velveeta.Staff was really cool, bartender gave out free shots when the Suns won, even gave an Arizona Snowman to our DD (shot of cold water!). Unfortunately a great staff cannot save a mediocre brewery with little to offer in ambience or food.
2	I took my grandson, student at ASU, to dinner on Friday, March 25, 2011.  We went  to Dave's Electric Brewpub because I had never been there and Brian thought it was ok.  He ordered the IPA and I ordered the OK ale.  As it turned out mine was hoppier at something like 31 IBU.  The first thing I noticed is that the skimp on the beer.  It comes in a pint glass with about an inch of head.  That leaves you with less than 12 ounces of beer.  The beer was not very good.  I tried the IPA next and then we sampled a new IPA that was not really on sale yet.  None of them were very good.  I then  had a stout which was somewhat better than any of the others but not really all that good.  In short don't go there for the beer.  I had the black and blue burger for dinner and I will say that I enjoyed it.  It came with a very  good bun and it was cooked about right.  This place is about two stars below Four Peaks.
4	Overall, I like this place. The food is decent, the beer is decent, and it isn't really fair to compare this small place to the colossal Four Peaks.I have had almost every sandwich on the menu, and all are very good.Today I had the chicken Mexican Pizza "Jump Start" for lunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was well spiced, the salsa that came with it was tasty, and it ran about $6.  Not bad for lunch.The service this time was fine, but it wasn't very busy.  I honestly believe that after speaking with the owner, they are making an effort to improve service.  Time will tell if the Yelp community will notice.Keep on keepin' on Dave's!  You are the second closest restaurant to my office, so I want to love you!  Please, please, please make it easy for all of us to love you!
4	Overall, I really enjoyed my time here. The bartender/waiter Sean is awesome and very helpful. The beer was good. It was a nice atmosphere and we were able to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather. The food was pretty yummy too. I would definitely recommend this place to others and will be back next time I'm in town.
3	We arrived on a Friday night around 7pm. There were a few folks around the bar, but the dining room was empty. The service was spotty. As in, one guy was running around trying to help everyone, while a woman was standing around. It was strange.We started with the "homemade" pretzel bites. Although the menu says you get a variety of dipping sauces, you only get crappy cheese whiz kind of stuff. We found the bites to be a bit overcooked and tough.I had the salmon BLT and it was really good. Huge portion for the price. Great flavors. Just really greasy bread (probably buttered then slapped on the grill). I had the side salad, which was like something you'd get at Denny's (shredded cheese from a bag, a few croutons thrown on).All in all, the food was ok for being a bar. The beers were delish (and we like to drink local, too!). The atmosphere was just ok, but there was no live music or anything going on.
3	Stopped by Daves Electric Brewerpub in Tempe AZ. on Monday, during my afternoon long pub crawl with Justin from Brew Bros. & a couple of mates.  Walked over to Dave's from Mellow Mushroom in the dead afternoon heat only to find that summer hours had taken effect and that they were closed. DRAG!Anyway, I peaked in and met bar manager Cristina who invited us in for a pint and treated us like kings despit the fact that they were not even open for business.  That was very cool.   She gave us a little background on the pub and their recent brewing activity which was nice as well.We all had the Trident IPA, a bit malty for my taste as far as IPAs go but nice none the less.  A nice little place to check out while in downtown Tempe.  A great Pre Game Hang Out. Cheers.
2	This place is a close second to the worst pizza I've ever eaten. The service is good but stay away from the pizza.
2	A buddy of mine and I have been to Dave's a few times, and always enjoyed their beer and their food. However, the past Friday (Sept. 9th) was an ASU game day, and Dave's is not the place to go during this time. We ordered food, which was OK (a slider plate with onion rings (7?!?) for me, a burger and fries for my friend), and had 4 "pints". I put thw word in italics, because at 11:45 the "pints" were small plastic cups. That isn't the terrible part, though we had ZERO interest in the "game day" reasons for the cup choice. The issue is that we were charged 6 dollars each for plastic cup beer, far less in size than a true pint. This, to be blunt, is ridiculous; I like Dave's IPA, but I would have gone anywhere else for a pint had I known the cost and the size. For the beer cost and the food quality, this was a big mistake. Sorry, Dave's, but I think the power went out for me here.
4	Pretty good food and their oatmeal stout is not bad. I love the name: Old Frog.  :)  They have a great fry cook.  The fried food is really good.  Light and crispy; not grease logged.  The fry cook knows what temperature to keep the frying oil in order to get that light crispy texture.  Oh, and their pretzel bites were pretty good, however, I'm not too sure about the sauce.  It was a bit chunky and watery for a "cheese sauce."  The fried raviolis are pretty good too, the inside is made with both mozzerella and ricotta; the ricotta was a bit of a surprise for me.  I'm not sure why.  I also appreciate that they offer light and healthy, but substantial dishes like a generous portion of steamed edamame, and hummus.  Their happy hour beer specials are pretty good too: $9 for a pitcher of good, local microbrew is a pretty good deal.My husband and I spent approximately $40 or so, including tip, and we ordered:Pitcher of Old Frog $9 (six+ glasses).Appetizer Sampler $10Beer Brat and Onion Rings $8Edamame $4Fries $2.50Tax and tip.Oh, and the location is a great meeting place for people before they hop onto the light rail for a night out in PHX.
1	Stop. Just stop. In a city where some truly phenomenal beer flows freely, this place is taking up valuable beer-brewing-and-pouring real-estate. Sometimes I think that this place is a deliberate act of sarcasm....I have to stop thinking about it...
3	Very promising little microbrewery based out of Bisbee, AZ.  The beer was pretty good and reasonably priced at $4/pint.  Nothing that's going to replace Four Peaks as the best in town.  But a great alternative at a nice central location with a big patio.During game days (which is when we came) you can expect to be drinking out of a plastic cup and ordering from a limited menu.I tried each of the 4 beers that they had.   And They were all decent.
2	I have been working at the ASU campus for a little over a year and I've visited Dave's about 5 or 6 times.  I was never very excited about their beer or food, but I love supporting local brewpubs, and I liked the atmosphere. Especially the patio and outdoor bar.I have a pretty forgiving palate when it comes to craft beer, but Dave's just falls flat. No complexity of flavor in any of the beers, although I haven't tried the stout. They aren't bad, they just have nothing to stand out.But the reason I decided to write this review is that I was tremendously disappointed during my last visit in early Feb.  Since I work nearby my visits have often included lunch or happy hour food, and I thought they had a decent selection of affordable options. But they removed some of my go-to vegetarian items from the menu.  When I expressed my disappointment, the bartender told me they took the veggie items off because they weren't selling as much.  I can see why a restaurant might stop advertising a item that is not selling.  But there are few replacement options when you start removing vegetarian choices.  In addition, when I asked if they still made the veggie wrap at all, the bartender simply said no.   I hate the thought of being high maintenance, so I didn't press the issue. But I imagine that it wouldn't have been that difficult to do.Since the waitstaff was not interested in my satisfaction, and since the other food I have tried (bar food, typical salad) is just average and I prefer other beer, I won't be back.
4	I really liked this place. The beers aren't necessarily the best ever, but they aren't bad. I guess I am a bit of a snob though being from the beer meccas of Denver and Chicago.What this place really has going for it is the feel. Its very laid back.. a nice change of pace from the craziness of Mill Street a couple blocks away. The outdoor patio is comfortable and large, and the bar takes the place of the buildings wall so you can sit at it and still be outside while watching TVs inside. They also had live music both nights I went here which definitely added to the relaxing feel.The food here is also pretty good. I had a tasty burger, but the real story was the appetizer. The pretzel bites...holy crap! SO GOOD. I definitely spoiled my appetite since I couldn't stop eating them.
2	The short: This place was so bad that at 1st place in trivia, we didn't want to win again so we wouldn't feel forced to return with a $25 gift certificate.The Long: I looked at this place and saw 2 $$ signs, 48 reviews and an average of 3 stars. I thought, "either this place is on the verge of falling apart, or Yelpers have been really mean". Well, Yelpers don't lie- after arriving there and seeing a huge place nicely decorated and with an interesting menu, I was like "pshh no way this is a 3 star average, it looks GREAT!". By the end of the night, I was ready to run out the door.What sucked so much? Oh, let me count the ways!The Service: Bless your heart, Ryan the line cook. The waitress assigned to our area was so overwhelmed by a full house that it looked like her brain was going through a short circuit. Either the restaurant didn't get enough servers to cover all tables during trivia hour or this girl was new at her job. Either way, she was so blank-faced when I asked her for extra chairs that I knew she might not be the best to serve us. Eventually the line cook came to let us know that he would be helping to serve our table because the other lady had lost her last brain cell. He asked us to repeat our orders about 3 times because he kept forgetting to write them down. But that's ok, Ryan the line cook, your job isn't to serve, so you did the best you could.The Food: (1) The pretzel bites were not made out of pretzel dough but pizza dough instead. Its side order of beer cheese was pretty tasty but a little side of mustard would've been needed for actual pretzels. (2) The nachos were a disappointing plate of cold flaccid tortillas with congealed cheese and a cold topping of olives, tomatoes and jalapeno slices. It had basically been made hours in advance and left to cool off and then topped with veggies in the last minute, very un-nacho worthy. (3) the sausage plate was the most disgusting piece of meat i've ever shoved in my mouth. I couldn't tell which one was the brat, the Italian sausage and the spicy sausage, they all tasted different shades of gross and gave me a gag reflex at $8.50. (4) The chicken tenders were not fully identified as chicken, as we discovered a weird piece of over-fried meat that very much tasted like FISH. Something tells me they fry them together in the same basket, which sucks for us non-fish lovers, or even those that are actually allergic. Their fries were double fried, once hours/days before and the other one right before, to kill all remaining flavor of potato. (5) Their beer. Sorry yo, the oatmeal stout had no flavor. The Space: Good for you for filling the place up on trivia night, but if people are there to participate at trivia, you might want to improve your sound system. Placed to sit in the patio (as no other spot was available) we couldn't hear a single thing, while the sound indoors was absolutely BLASTING. An extra cheapo speaker in the patio would have been wonderful, because every time the bus or tram passed by, we couldn't even hear our own thoughts, let alone the trivia questions.So at the end, it IS in fact true that those Yelpers were wrong about their 3 star average. Electric Brewpub isn't more than 2 stars. I came, I saw, I ate, and I regretted all the above. Sorry Yelp, I thought it would be better, I really really reaaaaaaally did.
2	I know this place is changing owners next week but I have to write a review of this place. Where do I start? On a positive note the wait staff are very friendly, quick and don't leave alone too long. I like that they were very open and positive about the bar- this is the two star rating. Now the bad.I tried all of their micro brews and they were all disgusting. Note to the new owner- please please clean up the brews.   I couldn't finish any of them.  They do not taste clean/ refreshing and have the smell of sanitizer and muck. I realize that some are made in Bisbee and others in the bar but there wasn't one that I wanted to re-order.  Beer was also served luke warm.The wings were the lowest quality of meat- very fatty  only 1  drumstick. That and they give you 10 wings. The sauce was dumped on and not tossed.  The flavor was gritty and very bland/store bought.This place reminds me of a dive 80s bar that is not anywhere near its potential. It's next to the ASU stadium yet the majority of the clientele are over the age of 40 and kinda rough looking.  Better food, better beer are a must.
1	one of the worst ive seen next to frank and lupe's .  the grisly adams dip sh@* bartender was using the toilet plunger, from the bathroom, with sh@*  on it to unclog the sink  which held ice he was serving in  drinks.   the place smelled like feces and look like it had never been cleaned. shame on everyone at dave's electric fecal matters..
3	Dave's isn't nearly as bad as some of the reviews on here led me to believe, but it's also definitely not worthy of the few four-star ratings I've seen, either. We try to find local breweries to try when we're on the road, especially after having such a great experience last summer at MickDuff's in Sand Point. So after wandering around the Mill Avenue district in Tempe last month, we decided to stop here for a small, light lunch and a beer or two. We opted for the beer sampler so we could try the six beers they had available that day. For just a few bucks, the sampler was a good way to taste everything they had to offer. Unfortunately, the beer was REALLY lacking in flavor. Other than the Old Frog Grog, which wasn't terrible, all of the other beers tasted really similar. I couldn't have closed my eyes and tasted them and told you which was supposed to be the lager and which was supposed to be the IPA. It's probably not a good sign that they describe most of their beers as "lightly hopped" with a smooth finish. IPAs are supposed to be hoppy, and this one was a huge disappointment. I ended up ordering a pint of the Dave's Electric, which was drinkable but not terribly indistinguishable from something like Bud Light. Overall, the beer leaves a lot to be desired.The food wasn't half bad. I had a Greek salad, which was light and crisp. Definitely the most enjoyable part of the flavor experience. Boyfriend ended up ordering the mac and cheese, and was satisfied with that, as well.What saves this restaurant from getting two stars is the staff. Both of the bartenders were super friendly and attentive, and did a great job at explaining the beers to us when they brought out our sampler. I just wish the brews had lived up to their colorful descriptions.Dave's is apparently under new ownership, but the brewing is still going to be done by the same folks. With these disappointingly bland beers hovering over it's head like the sword of Damocles, I don't know how long Dave's can last. It's disappointing, because I really feel like the place has a lot of potential. It's literally spitting distance from ASU's stadium, and with a more pleasing brew selection, they could really make money hand-over-fist from thirsty game goers. I truly hope they can make it happen for themselves.
