5	Chef Gio is, and always has been, amazing!!  Well worth the trip to North LV!
5	You will NOT be disappointed. Gio is FANTASTIC, did I say FANTASTIC Chef. If you have the opportunity, you have GOT to experience Gio work.
5	Wow I hate that there isn't an old school pizzeria near me.  But I tell you that the drive was definitely worth it!  You have to try the rice balls!!!  AWESOME!  This is not your ordinary fast food pizzeria, I can taste the authenticity in every single bite!  Good Job and I cant wait for one to open up near me!  I will be back!
5	By far the most Authentic, delicious and friendly pizzeria I've been to. I cant wait to visit again!
5	I didn't think it could be better the second time and It definetly was!!!! Great food by a great chef!!! Will be back next time im in town again.
5	Chef Gio's Italian cooking is as good as it gets!!! We've had the great fortune to have many a meals cooked by Chef and we consider ourselves quite lucky. What you can count on are the freshest of the fresh beautiful, quality ingredients and the most passion ever put into cooking! Vegas is soooo lucky to have him! We can't wait to get our hands on his pizza...and for him to open up an Old School in Philly ;-)  Congrats Gio, on your new endeavors!!! We wish you all the best!!!
5	This man is simply a genius in the kitchen! Be it pizza or elaborate Italian dishes, which I pray he adds a few to the menu.....(insert whine here), he doesn't know how to present anything but perfection. I've been traveling from NY to dine with him at least once or twice a year for over 5 years now, and won't stop till he has a place here in NY. The secrets in the sauce.......And with the man!
5	Drove past and decided I would stop in to see the  new place. He only takes cash but he had an ATM right there. Made a bet with me that if it wasn't the best pizza I ever had it was free. I figured he was in trouble because I have been all around the country and the world. I got his Pork Rules pizza. First off for the price the pizzas are huge he was a whopping 24" pizza for about $20 O.OAfter having the first slice, tasting the homemade sauce, the pulled pork, and just a hint of sour dough bread since he only uses natural levening. Both my wife and I agreed. HE WON THE BET. This is now the only place I will get my pizza from in Vegas. I look forward to him being around a LONG time!
4	Fantastic, authentic, stunning pizza. We are so lucky to finally get some good eats right in the neighborhood. I will go back. Frequently.
5	The pizza was delicious- we got the calabrese pizza and the classic combo. And it was so cheap, especially for good pizza!
4	I love pizza and have to say this place is awesome!! Worth the drive if you dont live close. It isnt your ordinary pizza place. The dough is amazing.....I have visited twice and both times have been very please with food and service.Only reason why I didnt give it 5 stars is because it is cash only. There is an atm machine....but I personally like the convenience of using my debit card at POS.I will definitely be back. Cant wait to try the baked ziti!!
5	Soooo yummy!  We usually get Metro, but I think we are switching! Got the OMG pepperoni and let me tell you! Everything about it is omg! The price, just $17,  the huge size, & the flavor! The sauce is soooo yummy! The pepperoni, homemade. And the crust has a hint of sourdough. We love it! Glad we found it! Highly recommend! Cash only!
5	Met the Chef on my first night at this place.  We ordered the OMG size pizza.  All I can say is OMG!  I'm so glad we have this place so close!  We are switching to this place as our point of order for pizza.  The pictures on this review site can better explain the craving for this magnificent pizza. Better yet, don't leave it to the reviews - leave it for your taste buds to do the judging!On a side note - as for price - there is absolutely no comparison to other places.  An OMG with one topping for 17 bucks - it can feed four people!  Hands down!
5	Chef Gio really aspires to make a top notch pie. He prides himself on using "Calabrese Salame", which is apparently the original pepperoni. Works for me. The pizzas start off at 14" which is what the big chains like to call a large. I personally like the "Extra Big" (18"), and think the OMG (24") is just a bit big to be practical. I recently ordered a classic combo (the traditional everything-on-it sort of pie). Nothing about this was traditional (in a good way!). The mushrooms are marinated crimini mushrooms, his peppers are roasted, and the onions are grilled.. The side effect of all this yumminess coupled with a thin crust, however is a slightly soggy pie. A small price to pay for excellence!But let's talk about the crust! I normally don't get excited about crust ( I usually feed it to the dog!). I noticed one day in his shop that he says he uses natural leavening, and on my last order I could really tell. It tastes just like sourdough. It is super light and airy, and just the right amount of chewiness. This takes 36 hours to prep, so his signs warn that one day he might run out of dough...In short, I'm really glad Chef Gio has come to the North side of town, and really hope to see him succeed. He is super friendly with his customers, places a tremendous amount of care into his pizzas. Why order the $10 pizza from the big guys when you can have greatness?
5	Giovanni is awesome! The Pizza is even more Awesome! The most authentic pizza I have ever had in my life. I live 160 miles away, and I travel there for the amazing food, the awesome atmosphere, and Giovanni's welcoming smile! I'll be back!
5	This is by far the best pizza I have ever eaten.  The owner Gio as well as his staff were very friendly and they go above and beyond to meet your needs.  They also have some of the best gelato in town.
4	We have a business nearby so we decided to give Old School Pizzeria a try. We ordered the 18" Calabrese(pepperoni). I walked in to place my order and got see the Chef put the pizza together and slide it in the oven. The pizza was excellent and we all enjoyed it. The crust almost takes on a kind of sourdough taste. The pepperoni was excellent. We will definitely be going back for more. The pizza was a little greasy but that is what New York pizza's are like, mostly from the fresh pepperoni.
5	I gotta give it up for this little pizzeria.  Working on this side of town can be a challenge for a foodie, and Old School Pizzeria made my day today.  I went with a couple of coworkers, and was more than pleasantly surprised.  I split a 14" five cheese pizza with one other person.  The size was perfect for two starving fellas.  The crust was perfectly cooked; lightly crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The inside of the slice was thin, while the outside was puffy and doughy. Perfect crust here folks, I enjoyed every bite!  Obviously the cheese was the highlight of this pizza, and it was an amazing one at that.  I have had a few five cheese pizzas in my pizza eating days, and this one is definitely the best.  All of the cheeses were high quality.  Lightly oily from the cheese itself, the "grease" level was moderate.  The ricotta cheese though... holy crap.  Just do yourself a favor and order anything with this ricotta cheese on it.  I've never had ricotta that tasted this creamy and delicious, almost as creamy as cream cheese!  We also tried some of the pistachio gelato and cannoli. The cannoli was fresh and excellent, although not the sweetest cannoli I have had, which could be a bad thing or a good thing depending on your tastes.  Personally, I don't mind a less sweet dessert.  The crust was a dark brown and made fresh with coffee.  The cheese was fresh and lightly sweet.  The gelato though was a mind blower.  Words can't describe the perfect flavors coming from this pistachio gelato.  You gotta try this stuff!Update: The "Roast Chicken" is actually Sous-Vide prepared chicken.  This is a special process that involves wrapping the chicken and potatoes in a vacuum seal and cooking in water.  This retains the juices of the meat and taters.. and it shows in the flavor. It is so juicy that the juices from the chicken collects in the dish as you eat it.  Yum!  This dish is very savory and full of garlic flavor.  Absolutely delicious and unique.  I noticed someone accused the chicken as being "soggy" or something like that, so I thought I would make this update to address this wonderful dish. I can't wait to start bringing my friends and coworkers to this little pizzeria.  It has trumped my previous favorite Italian/pizza in North Las Vegas and is now my go-to for pizza.  I'll be coming here frequently for sure!
5	When you walk through an Italian pizza parlor and the smell of fresh basil is in the air and the chef is busy rolling out pizza dough right behind the counter, you know you've come to the right place. The previous business located at this restaurant was a small bakery and it was pretty run down, but the new owners have really cleaned this place up and I'm really impressed. I know this place is known for their pizza, but who could resist apple-wood oven-roasted half-chicken with roasted potatoes for only $6.99? It did take a while to cook, but that just told me it wasn't sitting on a heater since that morning and it was being cooked fresh. The smell of the chicken roasting in the oven was INCREDIBLE, and when I brought it to work ALL of my co-workers said the smell was amazing. I found whole roasted garlic and rosemary in my plate, and the chicken fell off the bone. Oh man.It's almost lunch break and I'm heading back over there in a minute to try out their pizza. Old School Pizzeria and I are going to be best friends.
5	I loved that this place is so kid friendly, an entire wall is one huge chalkboard and there is a full on BUCKET of chalk for kids to have fun with. The pizzas are enormous and mouthwatering - even the plain cheese was worlds above your typical cheese pizza, I don't know what kind they used but it was amazing.Love that you can fancy up your pizza if you are feeling gourmet-ish, or go the most basic route if you want to. Also, their dough is made fresh, apparently. Prices are reasonable, too.
5	So, so yummy!  The best find of the month for me!  A great set up, with a comfy couch a wall chalkboard the kids can get creative it.  We got a cheese pizza and some arancini.  The owner and staff are friendly and fun.  No joke, BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. I just noticed it about a week ago, and went there with my girlfriend. We both enjoyed the smell of the pizza cooking in the oven and the staff was polite. I enjoyed the pizza and garlic knots, but I really liked the calzone I got a few days later. The prices are better than most places in north Vegas. This is my new place to order pizza from. Give it a try
3	I give it three for the chef...personable...delivered himself...remembered my name...go figure!  After all the reviews I expected it to be pretty darn good...well the garlic knots were...but the pizza was hard...I mean hurt your teeth hard!  Ingredients might have been nice otherwise had the pizza crust been edible.  And I loooooove crusts of almost any kind.  Ingredients diverse...they had spinach...but the crust overpowered it all.  Pizza should not require amble sol to eat.
5	I am updating my review from the one I wrote last year because Old School has the best pizza in Vegas. I've tried several different pizza places who "specialize" in pizza making and they have all fallen short, no other restaurant has even come close. I absolutely love the upgrades that they've made to the resturant. One of the best things about this resturant is that you can taste and smell the freshness in their ingredients. I've even eaten this pizza cold from my fridge, still good! Great food, Great service this resturant deserves 5 stars!
5	Chef Giovanni [sp?] just CALLED me personally to invite me to try his pizza fresh (not delivered as last time) and seemed genuinely concerned that we did not enjoy our experience as well as we could have.  I have to say, coming from California this NEVER happens and says a lot about this man's character....really impressed by him...NOW THE FOOD....Oh my slap your grandma goooood!  A serious feast...from salad to dessert the best Italian...so fresh...having been to Italy it was like being there again...GET the chicken...GET the gelato...but for GODS SAKE get the friggin cannolis or...well...you have missed a chance to taste heaven....not too much of anything...plenty of everything good...bring cash to tip...JASON and CHEF GIO deserve it and treat you like family...old school...the best school...manga!!!
5	finally a place with good food in the northside of vegas!! old school pizzeria is for sure a hidden treasure. the staff is super friendly, the menu is amazing, pizza slices are huge, and evrything is authentic italian. you'll find everything from pizza to calzones to gellato. for someone who loves pizza, this is hands down my favorite pizza spot in vegas!!
4	What a nice friendly atmosphere.  Loved being greated with an authentic Italian "How you doing today?"The pizza was pretty good except for the crust.  It was tough to chew.  I'm hoping that was just a fluke and will give it another try.I would suggest they get a merchant account so they can take credit cards at the register.  It's inconvenient, not to mention an addtional fee, to use the ATM...even if it's in house.
5	Definite must try!!!We got the House party family meal... OMG... Salad, Applewood smoked chicken, baked Mac & cheese, and pizza for under $50.   Food is phenominal.... When you take a bite and close your eyes you would truly think you were in a gourmet Italian Bistro... 14 thumbs up from our family of 7.    ;-)
2	Tried this joint from all the reviews.  Crust was horrible. owner should order dough from the people that supply PAPA John'... I will not be back to this place..  The cheese and sauce were really good,, can tell the quality of the cheese, i like either lisanti or grande moz cheese...  My issue is with the dough..  Fix the dough and this can be a great place...7/10/12I tried this place again,, mainly because i wanted to give them a chance.  I hate giving a bad review to business owners who are try hard to put out good food and are trying to make a living...  The dough was the same,  seems to lack gluten, I have made dough in the past, and i thought the dough we produced, gave us a great crust that most of us are looking for.  Unfortunately i do not like this dough... If they used my dough and the ingredients they use,, this place would be the best in N Las Vegas...  Lisanti high gluten pizza dough is what we used... Just saying... Hope this yelps
5	I've had Old School Pizzeria bookmarked to check out for awhile and today I finally made it up North and checked it out. My GPS took me past the place and I had to double back to get to it, but once I got parked and walked towards the door I had a hunch this was going to be interesting. Little did I know how good things would be. Service with a smile is one thing I look for and I was greeted with a smile and a hello in Italian no less. And right off the bat I sniffed. Basil. This is a real pizza place. And one with a comfortable feel. I checked out the menu and decided I was going to be my typical pizza snob self and put Giovanni (who's the owner and chef) through his paces. A good combination slice, and a slice of 5 cheese and a drink was ordered and I had a seat and checked the place out. The chalkboard wall was pretty cool. I looked up at the wall boards explaining how Giovanni makes his dough. (There's pix of it already posted, it's worth a look). I get up to get my drink and I can see him making my pizza. Hand tossed, load it up with toppings and into the oven it goes! But wait, it's going in on parchment paper! I ask what's up with that and Giovanni explains that he knows how his oven heats and the parchment paper lets him have a finer level of control over how the pizzas get cooked. At this point it's game on so I ask him more questions, technical questions and everything I ask he has answers for. I shut up so he can put the pizza slices into the oven, and I go get a drink. I look around at the fountain, the forks and napkins and I noticed this place is clean. My fountain drink is not watered down either. I have a seat, and next thing I know Giovanni is bringing my slices out to me. This is where the BS walks, and the food takes over. I took a picture of the pizza, and get that out of the way and start in. OMG, WOW, Damn, this is GOOD!. But I always love a combination even though this one was a serious cut above the typical slices I've seen in many places.THIS IS NOT Sysco food service low buck ingredients slopped onto a pathetic piece of over glorified bread, this is a slice that someone has put some time and thought into making, it's truly a work of art, IMHO. But the combo is one thing, the cheese pizza is the true test and so I start in on it. I suddenly realize I forgot to tell him no Ricotta cheese as I hate Ricotta cheese, but I forgot all about it after the second bite. Damn, this man knows how to make pizza! It was oh so good! The combination of cheeses works and works well. It's not like anything else I've had before either. The pizza has a bit of moisture at first glance that the inexperienced may think is grease, but it's not. This pizza is not a Crisco fest. And the crust is a slightly sourdough type, complex crust that was oh so slightly starting to char on the bottom. It was so perfect I flipped the slice over and snapped a picture of it. That is how you do it. But as good as the pizza is if you check in with the Yelp app Giovanni has one last wonderful surprise. Hand made Gelato. I have sensitive teeth of late and cold foods hurt. But this was so over the top good I ate it anyway, painful teeth or not. I've had my share of Gelato as I have some in the freezer right now. But this is a cut above anything I've found to date. If you come here, the Gelato is a must try item. I ended up leaving Giovanni's place with a huge smile on my face but there's one last test I put Giovanni's craft work through. The toughest test of all. The 2 year old toddler test. He grabbed a cold leftover piece out of the box, headed over to the TV to watch Picoyo and ate the whole thing. Even the crust. No joke! I can give Giovanni's Old School Pizzeria 5 stars and not even think twice about it. The worst things about this place was the leather seat I sat on was a bit bumpy and it's on a busy street with traffic that makes leaving kind of interesting if you want to go back to I-15. Yep, that's the only 2 nitpicks I can find. I apologize for being long winded but damn, this place is awesome. So much so that I won't hesitate to make the 30+ mile one way drive past Settebello and Grimaldi's to come here. Seriously. Dead seriously. Giovanni, you know how to make damn good pizza and I'm glad I've had the privilege of having you prepare some for me.
4	Seriously - this is a real pizza joint!I had the pork rules slice.  The crust is thin but not too thin.  The crust has a nice body too it with a crusty bottom, a bit of chewiness and a nice flavor. The slice was huge.  The pizza was topped with roasted pork, bacon, sausage, ham and pepperoni.  This is a great pie!  I know I could stop there. I checked in on yelp and cashed in on a free gelato.  Holy smokes - "I, Jason C. hereby solemnly swear to never eat regular ice cream ever again.  I do declare to eat only handmade gelato from Old School Pizzeria."  The pistachio gelato was that good.I was ready to leave when I asked the guy behind the counter if those were "homemade cannoli shells?"  I asked because the shells were dark.  Real cannoli shells have a darker color because they are made with red wine.  It is rare to find homemade cannoli shells.  He said, "yes."  I said, "oooo I want one."  Goodness - Authentic gelato and a real cannoli.  The pizza.  This place is legit.Bring cash.
4	OMG!! Third or fourth time getting their pizza. All flavors are fresh and awesome.  Great crust, sauce has just the right amount of spice. This time we had extra big (18") with pepperoni, mushrooms and onions. Carmelized onions were awesome. Highly recommend to any pizza lovers.
4	Did not have a crowd to feed today, just myself so I decided to order a meatball calzone.  Crust was delicious, loaded with lots of cheese. Only complaint is the meatballs were slightly cold and only in the center otherwise it was outstanding. Also ordered 3 cannolis, they were fresh and awesome. Once again, highly recommend.
5	This place makes great-tasting pizzas and calzones made with fresh ingredients and old-school italian flavor.  We had the Pork Rules pizza and my sister-in-law had the Egggplant Parm calzone.  They have huge portions at reasonable prices.  Their salads are amazing too, served in a bread bowl.The owner was super nice, and the free gelato (Yelp checkin) was a nice finish.Delicious food and great value!
5	Repeat reviews can be bad, but not always! When you go back to a place and rate it high, it's not uncommon to find yourself wondering if you overrated it. I decided it was time to go back to OSP and see if the wonderful experience I had was truly real, and trust me, it was very real and I got to experience an even better second visit!I went back on May 9th. I didn't see Chef Gio but I did meet his beautiful wife Naomi who took care of me just like Chef Gio did. I noticed they've made some interior improvements. The menu boards were moved up and are easier to read for example. But what hasn't changed is the wonderful pizza. When I wanted the slices without green pepper but with green olives she changed it with a smile! But service means nothing if the food sucks, and that is NOT a worry at OSP. I was having the day from Hades yesterday and yet as I sat there enjoying those 2 massive slices I completely forgot about any other drama I had going on. It was simply a matter of enjoying those slices, slices that were just as good this time as they were the last. This is true pizza, made by hand, with premium ingredients and put together by people who care how the final product comes out. Yeah you can read the reviews and be like yeah, right, sure they do. When you take a bite you'll know. This is the real thing. After the slices were polished off I used the Yelp checkin deal and enjoyed a Peanut Butter Gelato that again just wowed me. Wonderful, truly wonderful stuff!As I sit here writing this almost a day later I feel that those original 5 stars are still spot on, as is my placement of OSP on my best of Las Vegas list. Yes, OSP is that damn good. There are few places in America that I'll make a 35 mile one way drive for. OSP is on that short list of places.
4	After seeing all the rave reviews, I looked forward to trying this pizzeria myself.  Living in North Las Vegas, where good dining out options are quite limited, a fine pizza shop is a welcome addition.  And, unlike many all-purpose Italian restaurants that serve pizza almost as an afterthought, Old School has a lazer-like focus on pizza.  Plus, it produces excellent-tasting pizza!But before I get ahead of myself, let me backtrack a bit--because I started out with an Old School Antipasto Salad, which turned out to be salame, ham, Provolone Cheese, onion, black olives, tomatoes, peppers, Mozzarella Cheese, and lettuce in a large, hollowed out bread bowl.  It was huge and the combined flavors were excellent.  I wisely ate almost none of the dough, and would have been just as happy to have had all of the ingredients presented on a plate.  It seemed like a big waste of bread.Just after I placed my order for an 18-inch Pepperoni, Mushroom, & Sliced Tomato Pizza, chef/owner Gio began to turn away, and seemed surprised when I mentioned a second 18" pizza for my wife.  I then told him that we "don't mess around when it comes to pizza."  We almost always order two larges, eat as much as we can, and gladly take the rest home for additional meals.  Plus, from my experience large pizzas taste better than smaller sizes, just like it is harder to get a Petite Filet Mignon done right compared to an 8 to 12 ounce Filet. My 18" Pepperoni, Mushroom, & Sliced Tomato Pizza was a little greasy on top (which I actually don't mind) but excellent New York style pizza with mild pepperoni, tasty flat mushroom slices, good cooked sliced tomatoes, and both Romano and Parmesan Cheese dropped upon a delicious red sauce--except some spots of char on the underside of the dough made parts of my pizza taste a little bitter.  Neither of the other two 18 inchers at my table--a Cheese Pizza and a Sausage Pizza with Extra Cheese--were noticeably charred on their bottoms.  The sausage on top looked a bit unusual, because it was spread in the form of thin, flat, and long strips rather than small elevated clusters; the sausage itself was mild.  The cooked pizza dough was just right for a New York style pizza--not too thick and not too thin, pliable, foldable, and with just a slightly upraised outside edge.  All three specimens were mighty fine pizzas!  My small group of four also asked for some Cannoli and gelato.  For 4 dollars Chef Gio said he would take care of this for us, after which we were generously presented with three really excellent Cannoli and six small dishes of gelato, including Nutella (Chocolate Hazelnut), Peanut Butter with Coffee Crunch, and Pistachio.  Of these, the Pistachio Gelato had the strongest flavor; the Nutella was very good but not as rich as others I have recently sampled elsewhere; and the Peanut Butter with Coffee Crunch variety was fortunately muted in flavor rather than overbearing.Be forewarned.  This establishment is very small in size, with seating for only 9 or 10 diners.  So I advise getting here before or after the dinner rush.  It will be worth the trip.  Only slight burning of parts of one of three pizzas precluded a five-star rating on this initial venture.A solid 4-1/2 stars!
5	I love Pizza, Ive had it all over Las Vegas and other cities. I've got to say, this is a legit pizza joint. Hands down, the best pizza in the city. Now I cant have pizza at any other place. Those chain pizza places are a joke now.
5	We ate here today and got the Big 14 inch , Pork rules (meet lovers with/pulled pork), Seriously put all the other pizza places to shame! Hands down one of the best in town. Me and husband had 4 slices each and it was just perfect!
5	soo good! MAKE sure you order cannolis too;) My husband and I had so much fun, loved the knots too! YUM!!!
5	Great pizza, great homemade sausage!  Best pizza I've found in Vegas so far.
5	It's been a little bit since I made the trip up I-15 to Craig Road and headed West to visit Chef Gio and OSP. I wondered, what all had changed? Would it be as good as I remembered? I worried for nothing. I stepped in the door to a Hello and a smile, and it was on. Today I kept it simple. A combo slice, a drink, and some garlic knots which a customer told me were the best things ever. Turns out that customer was right, the hand made sauce and the complex flavors of these garlic knots were over the top good. And my slice? Absolutely perfect. I've had a very, very rough day and OSP's comfort food and Chef Gio's positive attitude and service with a genuine smile was just what I needed. This is not just pizza, this is comfort food for me at it's absolute best. Chef Gio, I have no choice but to move you to my Mythical 6th Star list. While Yelp only lets us technically give 5 Stars, I love your food so much 5 Stars just isn't enough. Oh and I don't want to forget: He now has real silverware for those who eat in, and he now accepts credit cards. Cash is always welcome though. Seriously, the Garlic Knots put my favorites from Benny Blancos in Denver to total shame, and I craved those dang things.
5	My husband I were feeling particularly lazy this Friday afternoon, so we decided to order some pizza.  After reading the reviews for OSP, it seemed the logical choice for us.  Good job us...thanks Yelpers...great decision.We ordered the Pork Rules pizza, the Five Cheese pizza and garlic knots.  I'm not a huge overload of meat pizza kinda girl, but the Pork Rules was delish!  From whole strips of bacon (my husband is an enormous bacon enthusiast) to the pork all the meats were tasty and plentiful.  The Five Cheese pizza, more my speed usually, was STELLAR!  I couldn't eat enough.  I wish I had a bigger stomach and my husband agreed (about both pizzas actually).  We spread the ricotta out over the slices and devoured them.  The sauce was light and flavorful and the crust was OUT OF THIS WORLD.As other Yelpers have mentioned the garlic knots were fabulous as well.  However, after noshing on the pizza, I could barely get one down.The delivery time was quite good and the food was still piping hot when it arrived.My four-year-old proclaimed "Mom, you made a GREAT decision for dinner!"OSP absolutely will be our new pizza destination!!
4	Great pizza! I would take this over the "Big three" any day. Fresh ingredients and I love the sausage! Missing that last star for location and ease of use, they only take cash and they are located in a auto repair shop. BUT, they do deliver in the local area. YUM! Also, there is a corner with toys for kids while you wait for your pizza.
5	I got the smaller family deal. Food was great and inexpensive for the amount of food we got. Good place to bring your kids. They have a wall for them to write on with chalk and the guy working there let my little girl try some of their gellato.
5	Went in to see Chef Gio tonight and was amazed. We had the Pork Rules pizza - we loved all the different pork toppings and the dough was brilliant. The Antipasto is served in a breadbowl and was better than I expected it to be. My real Favs came in some unusual places - Garlic Knots, Gelato, and Canoli. The ingredients and technique used in this casual establishment far surpass expectation.There are some older reviews saying cash only, but we found today CREDIT CARDS ARE ACCEPTED!!! BONUS!Let's keep local businesses going!
3	So i came one afternoon to see how good the food was the a/c didnt work in there so i took the food to go had got pizza by the slice for me and my sister and it just didnt seem very cheesy or saucey we got hawaian i guess when u order by the slice they just cut off a slice of cheese pizza and add ham n pinapple stick it back into the oven i was ok, i wil have to try this place again to try the cannolis and maybe a whole pizza as of now its not my top pizza spot.
5	Consistently great pizza is the story at Old School Pizzeria. Ever since my first visit each time I've went back I've been like it can't be as good as the first time. And every time my expectations get exceeded and in some cases blown away. Chef Gio continues to elevate his game, and his food. A case in point would be something as simple as Garlic Knots. Unlike some places that slap them into some aluminum foil and call it done, Chef Gio put some thought into the presentation. I snapped a pic with the Yelp app of the new container with the dipping sauce holder on the side. It looks good and it just works. The roasted garlic is simply wonderful, the aroma coming off of it will amaze even the most jaded skeptics...  This is a side dish that is worth the time to order. But Chef Gio calls his place Old School Pizzeria and the pizza is the star attraction here. And I am glad to report that it is just as good as ever. Individual slices can be a little on the wet side depending on the toppings you order but it's oh so good. And if you want to add a topping, it's no fuss, he'll change it up for you with a smile. Chef Gio continues to innovate and find new ways to build his business, the latest is his use of the Front Flip mobile app. Download the app, scan a QR Code at the counter and you can get free items. My garlic knots were free but were so dang good I tossed another $5 in the tip jar for them alone. Overall OSP just keeps amazing me each time I happen to make it up there. Chef Gio pours his heart and soul into this place and most importantly into the food. You can taste the difference especially compared to the high end pizza places across the valley. If you've been on the fence about trying this place, it's high time to head up I-15 to Craig Road and head West. OSP is right across from the Cannery's parking garage on the North side of Craig Rd. I have no problem driving from clear out by Boulder City just for OSP's offerings and I look forward to my next visit. 5 Yelp Stars / Placement on my "The Mythical 6th Star and Best of Las Vegas" lists are a given. Yes, it really is that damn good.
4	The real pizza from Italy !! A bit pricier but well worth it! O and a 24" will feed the entire family ! Great authentic pizza.
5	Great tasting pizza! Definitely not your ordinary pizza place. They are very friendly and have fairly good prices. The best part of all they use square credit carder reader which is awesome!I just wish they delivered on more days!
5	It was time to put Chef Gio to my ultimate test. I brought my family in to Old School Pizzeria. Don't laugh, with my luck when I bring my wife and little boy in to a place I fall in love with we've had some bad experiences. My wife gives me that look about half way into the meal and I'm like oh man, not again. But with OSP, I had a hunch that my luck was about to change. I haven't been able to make it up to OSP for a bit but Chef Gio is busting his derriere more than ever to grow his business. He's added staff, he's doing deliveries, and the man is flat out hustling to make a go of it. Whenever you add new staff sometimes quality can slip, and sure enough we hit a minor snag. We ordered his signature Rosemary Garlic knots with home made Ranch sauce but what was missing...was the roasted garlic. When I said something to Chef Gio he was on it, alerting his staff and doing quality control on the spot. Normally I believe in Praise in Public, Critique in Private when it comes to such things but the way he handled it was good and it left me impressed. But while the garlic knots were still good, the pizza as always stole the show. My wife loved the texture and the taste of the crust, and the toppings were generous enough that she didn't complain, she smiled. And my 2 year old had a HUGE slice of cheese pizza that made him very happy. My father in law visiting from Florida couldn't eat all of his slice, he had to stop about halfway through as he was stuffed! My combo slice with added green olives was perfect as always, and the home made peanut butter gelato was universally accepted and vanished about a minute after it arrived at the table. Overall even with the garlic knot problem, keeping OSP on my Best of Las Vegas list and at 5 stars is still the right call to make. While I like Chef Gio, his food wins me over every time I walk in. And now with my wife suggesting we make the drive across town to visit him a bit more often...yeah, 5 Stars of happiness is what we've got going on. Consistent Excellence...and a place on my personal list as one of the absolute best pizza experiences I've had in America. And trust me, I've had a lot of pizza so I don't bestow such statements lightly.
4	We tried their pizza- half pepperoni, half sausage and mushrooms. Good pizza with a tasty crust!
5	As a New Yorker for 30 years I can tell you its as authentic as you will find here in Vegas. Chef Gio really knows how to harness the tastes of the old world. Its a bit more costly than other pizzerias but well worth the money
5	OUCH!!!! Are you kidding me!!! Incredible pizza!!!
3	A return visit on Sunday 10/28 found Chef Gio taking a day off, but when he's not there things are not good. This is the second time I've been to OSP when Chef Gio was either running deliveries or not present, and when he's not running the show quality seems to slip substantially. On this visit we ended up finding ourselves disappointed with the garlic knots. While they did have pieces of roasted garlic in the container unlike the last time, the knots themselves were just ho-hum. But then when they brought our pizza slices out, they were downright soggy. Now I don't mind "wet" pizza as that's sort of what you get at Settebello. But this was bad enough that my wife took her slice back to the counter to be reheated. They ended up making us 2 new slices as I took mine back and the new slices were not much better than what was brought out the first time. And on top of that my 2 year old took 3 bites off his pizza before pushing it away. When a kid refuses pepperoni pizza and he normally steals our slices, something's seriously amiss. The staff worked hard to make up for the quality slips by apologizing and they provided us complimentary canolis but the bottom line is this visit was very disappointing. Tack on a dirty fork that I snapped a picture of that was supposed to be clean, and we left very disappointed. Chef Gio is a good man that is trying to grow his business. And I respect that and understand it takes time to train staff. But this is my second visit where things have slipped over a 30 day time frame, and with that in mind I have to bump OSP out of 5 Star territory and off my Best of Las Vegas list because quite frankly it's not worthy of that at least at this point in time. But that being said Chef Gio will hopefully turn it around and maybe in a month or so I'll find time to go back. But for now I don't see me making any long distance drives across the city to visit OSP for a bit. We'll keep an eye on the reviews and see if things improve.
5	I admit it, I'm a big fan of this place. The pizza is always fresh and really delicious and if you order by the slice then you'll notice that they are humongous. The staff is also really friendly and you can tell they are trying hard to make their customers happy which I enjoy. Nice menu selection that will keep you from getting bored and in addition to the Pizza's I highly recommend the calzones which are really delicious and gooey. This place is a definite heart attack waiting to happen but who cares, finding a good pizza joint is hard to fine and I'm glad I found this place.
5	I had a craving for arancini and this place came up. Unfortunately when I called,  they no longer make it.  :( however I was still craving old school Italian. So I called 20 mins b4 they closed and ordered a pie. Sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms and extra cheese. I was just hoping it would be halfway decent because I have a hard time finding good pizza after living in Boston ... and being Italian. Boy what an awesome surprise! Fantastic sauce, fresh and well seasoned, thin sliced sausage instead of that crumble crap and sauteed mushrooms! And to top it off, they piped me three fresh cannoli I decided I wanted at the last minute. My Pops couldn't say enough good about the crust and toppings. And the cannoli made his night. We def will be back. Hopefully they will have a special and have arancini again some day :)
5	I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars, but I like to see local businesses doing well (especially in North Vegas), so I'm bumping up to 5.First of all, the place is pretty tiny; we brought a group of 7 for lunch and almost took over the whole joint. The ambiance is total local pizza place, and I give them bonus points for having cute riddles up on the chalkboard walls. Answer correctly and get a free cannoli!The older lady up front was friendly taking my order, but not the quickest. A couple minutes later, Chef Gio (I assume) came up from the back and was much more efficient.Of course, the main reason I'm giving this place high marks is because of the pizza - the crust was really good, thin chewy sourdough, and they have an excellent selection of toppings to go with the tomato-y sauce and mozzarella cheese. The slices are not premade, so you can get any toppings you want. I got the chef's special 'Calabrese' - calabrese salami, banana peppers, black olives. Yum! Plus, the slices are HUGE, so one totally filled me up. I added a side salad and a drink, and the total came up to a reasonable $7 (which I paid via CREDIT CARD on the ipad at the counter!).Others in my group ordered the baked ziti, which I didn't sample, but looked really good and cheesy (minus points because it had peas in it - ew) and the meatball sandwich, which looked awesome and huge. We did not get the garlic knots, which seem popular in the rest of the reviews...next time!Overall, thank you, Old School Pizzeria, for bringing some local flavor to the land of chains!
5	I was pretty impressed w/ the food here.  The outside is a hole in the wall but once you step inside I started to get a better vibe about this place.Calzone $12 - Exceptional - I was able to try the Calzone ($7.99) and add any toping I wanted (additional +$4 for unlimited topping).  I added bacon, sausage, garlic, extra mushrooms, pepperoni, and cheese.  While this wasn't cheap, it made up for in quality.    This thing tasted great!  It was cooked perfectly.  Baked on the outside, cheese creamy on the inside, all the meats cooked to perfection.  I was 100% satisfied w/ this dish.Pizza slice -$4 - Above average- A "monster" slice of pizza runs about $4, and the name should be taken seriously; the size of the slice is about the size of a football!  I was able to try my friends pizza slice and it was delicious.  Thin-crust, crunchy, and not over the top oily.  Fresh ingredients too.  A slice by itself should make any person full.Tips:-Not good for large groups.  The inside probably houses about 15 people to sit.
5	A return visit found Chef Gio working, and things were back to their typical level of excellence. The Garlic Knots were perfect, the pizza was back to being some of the best we've found in Vegas or anywhere, and it proves that my previous visit was just an anomaly. I'm glad I can come back on Yelp and put OSP back on my Mythical 6th Star and Best of Las Vegas lists...where they belong.
4	Never thought about even wanting to try this place after seeing the location and having had many other business fail in that location. After reading the amazing reviews my husband and I decided to give it a try. I really wanted to like it but it was just OK...It's super small and the decorating could have been better....We did not order pizza tho, we opted for the GIO salad which wasn't mixed greens like I was expecting...and we ordered a calzone which was just OK..the sausage in it I had to pick out cause it tasted funny to me. The plus about this place was the very nice guy that worked there...didn't ask his name, but he was helpful and nice and even gave us free fresh garlic knots while we were waiting for our food! l Also you must try the peanut butter gelato, it's BOMB! We might be back to try the pizza...one day.
4	Tonight, we got the Classic Combo pizza and the Vegas Meets Italy pizza.  They were both fantastic.  One is traditional and the other quite unusual.  The Classic Combo has pepperoni, sausage, bell peppers, mushrooms and olives.  Vegas Meets Italy had gorgonzola, ricotta, mozzarella, arugula, cherry tomatoes, dates and pistachio - unbelievably delicious!  The sweet and savory flavors complement each other. I remember the pizzas in Italy all had the same quality: they were not greasy because they use FRESH and REAL ingredients.  That's what you get from Old School!As a fan of all things Nutella, I had to get the Nutella gelato.  It's creamy but light...almost like soft-served/frozen yogurt.  Lurv it!!!  Something good in North Las Vegas.  Yay!  Best of all, they deliver.The pizza place that was previously in this spot went out of business a few years ago and I'm hoping Old School is here to stay.  I'm pretty sure they'll do well since they have great food.
5	This place is amazing!Great garlic knots and handmade pizza dough! One of the best pizza places in Vegas
5	We tried 2 different salads, both fab! We wanted to get the Vegas meets Italy pizza but it was sold out.... But we got the classic? Sorry forgot the name. Best crust I have ever eaten. Will be taking everyone I know here, was that good...
5	I love this place and have been enjoying it ever since I tried it. The pizza is made the right way, the garlic knots are amazing, their ranch is delicious, and their salads are fabulous. I've never had a problem or been disappointed and always tip well. Every time I have out of town guests we get our pizza here!DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE OF NOT TRYING THEIR AWESOME RANCH.  Seriously, their ranch is soooo good.
4	Great service and the pizza is truly great....I will patronize again and tell fam and friends this spot is a must
5	I don't live in Vegas, but my mother moved there a few months ago and was complaining about the lack of good pizza in her area. So I took to yelp, read the great reviews for Old School Pizzeria, and dragged my family over to experiment while there on a visit. They were not all too keen on the experiment since they tend to judge books by their covers, but am glad to report it was worth the trip...Despite the plain exterior and the tiny interior, this place is a gem! I have no idea how people can find the slice and soda deal expensive...$5 and the slice is monstruous! We went for lunch and I could not bring myself to eat dinner, hours afterward.The rosemary garlic knots are to die for, and my BF answered a riddle and got a free cannoli! All and all my family was quite pleased, ran out of there with a take home menu, and have proclaimed this place their new neighborhood pizza joint. Great find, thanks yelpers!
5	Gio and co. were amazing to us tonight! We had a group that literally filled the restaurant, and they were fantastic. Everything we tried was exceptional. The standouts for me were the Vegas to Italy pizza, the chicken and potatoes and the ziti. I can't say enough about that ziti!  I thought the hard boiled eggs would make it taste weird, but it was super! I also can't say enough about the atmosphere and the service. Definitely 5 stars on all fronts.
3	I must be missing something here! What's all the fuss about? Is there a certain pizza I should be ordering?  I wanted to like this spot, but left a little disappointed. Ordering by the slice is something I am used to at food courts inside of every mall in America. The difference is that the slices here are no joke!  One slice is enough to feed just about any person with a healthy appetite. I opted for a slice of pepperoni and sausage. Ok--here are the positives.....The tomato sauce they use is light, flavorful, and what I have come to expect out of a good pizzeria. The dough is a good consistency and holds up without tearing or getting mushy.What I didn't care for was the toppings they used. The pepperoni seemed cheap and greasy.   In other words, the kind of pepperoni you would find on pizza in the freezer section of your favorite grocery store. The sausage was fresh but lacked flavor. I ended up wishing I ordered a slice of cheese instead.I will give this place another try, so I can sample the desserts that everyone talks about. The place is small and serves as a better take out place at the moment. However, it seems as though they may be renovating since the last time I was there. I am really searching for that can't miss pizza place in Las Vegas. I have been trying for 6 years and have not been successful.  Maybe next time, it will be better. Let's hope so!
5	We still come here at least twice a month, so amazing!!:) My husband makes a quick phone call after work, I run and get it with my son and everyone's smiling faces greet and thank us:) LOVE IT!!
5	FIVE STARS TIMES A MILLION!   If only this place were in other parts of town like Henderson or Summerlin....Pleaaase expand.  All of your food...and not just the pizza...is AMAZING!  Everyone should be lucky enough to eat such wonderfully creative tasting food.  If you haven't yet try the garlic knots, baked chicken, and fennel salad.  But my favorite pizza is the one with pistachios....YES PISTACHIOS!  OMG!  So good.  By the way, you can call ahead to hold the one big table for bigger groups...This is a very tiny place with only a few tables.  Don't miss out on this hidden gem.
5	Went to Old School Pizzeria a few weeks ago with a dinner group.  What a wonderful experience!  They went an extra mile to accomodate us and really make our experience one we will none soon forget.  The food was delicious and the service was great!  I have been back already and will back again soon!Thank you!!
5	Wow...I was really impressed.  I just started working in the area and wanted pizza for lunch.  Of course I turned to Yelp, and I will be coming back...often.  I just had a Monster Slice and a soda, only a little over $5 for both, great value. ..but I will be back to try the other options like their "crazy good chicken."  It looked and smelled fantastic and apparently it is cooked sous-vide, and then roasted...nice! They make their own dough and sauce, and the choices on your topping are above and beyond your typical pizza joints.  They have all the usual toppings, but many other great options such as Pulled Pork, House made Sausage, artisan made salame Calabrese, Canadian Bacon, apple-wood smoked Bacon, guanciale, etc.Make the trip here if you can, I think you'll find it as good as I.
5	Two visits, two home runs. I tried the "crazy good" chicken on the first trip and found it moist and holding a lot of good flavor. I actually found the roasted potatoes and garlic that came with the chicken to be even a little better than the chicken itself. My next visit included two of the monster slices, one with meatballs. The ingredients all are high quality, from the cheese to the sauce to the dough. The meatballs clearly are made in-house as well. The crust is thin like New York pizza, but has a little more crunch. The service is friendly and helpful, and it's pretty hard not to like the place. I only wish I lived a little closer.
5	Excellent pizza, likely one of the best I've ever had. The proportions and quality of ingredients were superb; for instance, there was just enough sauce but not too much, plentiful veggies and toppings but not so many as to overwhelm the cheese, sauce and dough. My husband reports that his half (my half was veggie combo and his a regular combo) featured a delicious medley of sausages/meats complimenting each other and the veggies. Every ingredient tasted fresh and crust/dough had a wonderful rich aroma. Can't think of a way this pizza could have been any better.It's easy to overlook this place (it's right across the Cannery Row casino thingy in a small, very unassuming commercial building), but very much worth finding. We stayed at City Center on the Strip and it's only about 15-20min drive from Vdara/Aria/Bellagio area to this place and we'd recommend it for other visitors. What's neat is you can see your pie prepared behind a glass "exhibit."
5	This is best pizza in town, hands down. (sorry Settebello!)I came in here with my hubby on a weekend that we traveled to NLV. We make it to NLV every other weekend because my husband and son's barber is on Craig Rd. The last 2 times we tried to go here on a Sat, the place was closed for some odd reason. The first time their sign was being hoisted and it blocked the entrance, another time there was a personal reason. Finally, we make it on a weekend that they were open for biz.The only bad part of this experience is that me and the fam weren't extremely hungry upon arrival. I ordered 3 slices of cheese and a side salad for 4 of us. We couldn't even eat the 3rd slice so we took it home (and I had to listen to Ray L. and Sydney B. fight over it for the next 12 hrs).First let me address the salad. What a beautiful specimen of art and veggies!!! This salad was so deelish that I almost got too full for the pizza. When something is good most times I forget that there are other things on my plate. The pizza is heaven. I love the dough. It is a sourdough pizza dough and I haven't had it anywhere in town, only in San Jose (whoop, whoop, Toto's!). The sauce is so spot on I could probably drink the stuff after I take a bath in it. I simply love by-the-slice places and I hope this never changes.The other items on the menu intrigued me. It is rare that I find a pizza place offering such delicacies as roasted chicken with rosemary potatoes. This type of cuisine really puts Old School a slice above the rest. I now look forward to the NLV haircuts every other weekend. The agenda begins with pizza, then haircut/eyebrow wax, and then Epic Thrift Store. I love those kind of weekends. PERFECT~!
2	I have been meaning to try this place. The menu seems pretty interesting. I walked in, at a time, when I thought it wasn't too busy. I was wrong. I guess they had some big catering going on, and they seemed to be racing against time. Working in the F&B industry, I understand. I ordered a Calzone with applewood smoked bacon and spinach. Also, the one thing that caught my attention, Rosemary and garlic Knot bread. with their ranch, that had a hint of rosemary spice to it, best part of the meal. Great flavor, they say that they use a natural leavening dough, meaning everything is natural even the yeast, takes longer to cook, longer to proof, had a sourdough taste to it. Great appetizer. Next, to the Calzone, it was average. I don't know what it was but nothing stood out. I've had different types of ricotta. This one was not appetizing at all. Dough was a little undercooked. I am not sure if it's just my personal preference but I wasn't a big fan of their dough, as other yelper's are stating that they have really good pizza dough. Maybe I am just so used to instant yeast and high-gluten flour, that I maybe missing something. anyways,  What saved it was the mozzarella and the other toppings. Great portion with the sauce, and bonus points for using Cristofer Columbo tomatoes. Great product, as I have used those in the past. I might try some other things here in the near future, maybe a slice next time. Service was kind of slow, but like I said It seemed like they were busy in the back.
4	This comment is way overdue (since the summer). My family and I were  looking for a great pizzeria and we searched on Yelp. Based on previous reports we decided to try this place. The food is excellent! The only minus is that the place is hard to find. Can't wait to try it again!
5	This to me is the best pizza in town! There are some close seconds but consistently, the pizza here is hot, great crust and the sauce is delicious. I am a fan of the simple cheese pizza and I have never been disappointed here. The owner is great and he is often seen being the one who makes the pizza.
5	Awesome tasting pizza!
5	My favorite pizza place in town!! All the food here is so delicious!! And you can't beat the service! It's a small little spot, but so cozy inside:) they are very accommodating to anything you want on you food, and they always strive for perfection. Darren really took care of me the last time we were there. I waited a bit longer for my call in order because my pizza got slightly burnt, and he made another one. I think he was training a new chef that night as well. So when my pizza was ready, he sent me with my new and old pizza, extra garlic knots and some dessert! He absolutely didn't need to do that, he knows I work in the restaurant industry. Still, he insisted, so I left with twenty pounds of food lol. They really go above and beyond to make sure you get the best they have every time. And it really is the best! Love you guys!
5	The staff is great and the 5 Cheese Baked Mac is worth driving from L.A. to get!
5	Excellent! That one word goes for everything..... well everything except the soda. WHY DO 90% OF RESTAURANTS HAVE COKE PRODUCTS? But I digress.The pizza was excellent. Even the olives that were only supposed to be on half the pizza were excellent. Not the black sliced outovacan olives, but small whole wonderfully briny olives..... me thinks calamata! The pepperoni was excellent. The sausage was excellent. I had my doubts at first. I do love chunks of sausage on my pizza and the sausage on this pizza was large flat ribbons............. BUT EXCELLENT! Excellent crust. The rosemary garlic knots were........ you guessed it...... EXCELLENT! The best knots hands down we have ever had. The antipasto salad........... wait for it.......... EXCELLENT!Other than the soda, the only real issue I have with Old School is that it is soooo far away from my home. But no doubt, moving forward, when the night, or the day for that matter, calls for the best pizza in Vegas, it's over the river and through the woods to Old School Pizza we go.One last thing, the owner needs to keep his son away from the Magic Mike video. Although we do enjoy dinner and show from time to time, that was one show we didn't expect. That said, the owner as well as his son have something to be proud of.
5	Met people from the Pizza Posse Meet Up group and this place was awesome. From the fabulous hospitality of Anthony and Darien (haven't met the owner Geo yet) to the quality of the pizza and deserts this place knows how to produce a quality experience.I love how intimate the place is and what a warm family feeling the staff creates. It's clear from the moment you walk through the door that they really are happy to have you in their humble kitchen. I can't begin to say enough good about this place or the Pizza Posse Group (great people it was a pleasure to share pizza with them). If you haven't tried old school I would say run don't walk for a pizza to share with people you enjoy eating with.
4	Yum for sourdough pizza crust! The slices here have a charred outside, but chewy inside...slightly thick crust...very good! They also use lots of fresh ingredients here.  We ordered a house made sausage slice and an eggplant + chicken slice....it was good!  Not mind blowing, but good!  Here is a pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/old-school-pizzeria-north-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#jFpRh-Y0c5IloIoq-GFLQQBut what I really enjoyed here were the rosemary garlic knots! These were the best I've had...and were very addicting! I will come back for the knots alone!  Seriously, why are they so good??  Check it out!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/old-school-pizzeria-north-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#_ToU4xH13toGvqOuTnOmLwWe finished with the cannoli, which are piped fresh to order, and have a great filler. A great way to end a good slice of pizza and knots!  Pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/old-school-pizzeria-north-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#uhfx6Rn0STZ7wtgah8OB7wThey also had a cool little nook area for the kids to play.  They had some toys there and my little guy loved the fire truck.  It is the little things that count!Prices are good too!  Check them out if you are on this side of town :)
5	WOW this place is a hidden gem. I am so lucky that I live super close to it! They have one of the best sourdough pizza crusts and pizza sauce! I so far had the Pork Rules and 5 cheese pizza's and man... they are addicting!!! It's so hard to diet, when you have places like this around where you live lol. I wish they were open 24-7 so I can come here every other day for a slice of pizza after a long session at the Aria Poker room.
5	Amazing the owner is super nice. Pizza Amazing, gelato is yummy and cannoli is to die for
2	I really wanted to like this place. Actually I wanted to love it. Seeing all the reviews for this place I new I had to try it. I didn't think the pictures looked appetizing but with 4 and 5 star reviews I wanted to taste the pizza and judge that myself. I started out with a "Side Antipasto Salad". It was very fairly priced at just $3.49 and came served on a plate that was annoyingly too big but it tasted good. Nothing wow about it but good. For the pizza I was impressed that it is made to order right in front of you. I wasn't however impressed with the taste. I ordered a 18 inch "1/2 Pepperoni & 1/2 Sausage pizza. When the pizza was brought to the table it was covered in grease. I used several napkins to mop what I could up. The first 2 bites I enjoyed the crust but after that it was just a greasy soggy mess. The pizza wasn't worth $17.49. I would like to give this place another try some other time since there was a sandwich that sounded interestingly good. I'm just not itching to get back too soon. They also offer calzones, sandwiches, chicken, pasta and desserts. If you have a large group then you should check out their family meal deals. Also that have a "Monster Slice" that is well, *monstrous*.  You can get the monster slices individually if you don't feel like a whole pizza or are just stopping by for lunch then you can combo it with a drink. Orders can also be placed online.
5	This place is awesome!! They serve the best thin crust pizza I had ever had, if not the very best pizza. The crust was thin yet soft, the ranch dipping sauce made eating the pizza difficult in a sense that I didn't know which I liked better; pizza without the ranch was delicious and the pizza with the ranch was amazing, too.5 stars in the sense that I need to call my dad and tell him about how amazing the pizza I had for lunch was!
4	Back for a second round with the boys at old school. It has been a few weeks since my last visit but they remembered me the moment I walked in. I love the product and I love the service. This time I ordered the Chicken, mushroom and spinach pizza absolutely amazing!My whole family gets excited when I come home with one of these gigantic pies. The pizza dough/crust is amazing I love it. I have seen some talk about the toppings and some don't seem happy with the pepperoni/sausage choice. Generally I find pepperoni to be greasy by the nature of the product which is one of the reasons I have stop eating. However I have to say love the fresh nature of there products and I am really a fan!
4	Wow, boy am I surprised to find such a great pizza place nearby!  Monstrous slices for a decent price, and you can't beat the sourdough bread. Yummy.
1	This place is a joke! I was in vegas with my friend and his family and we decided to get pizza. When I was trying to order, the employees kept messing around and paid no attention to us. After a long wait, we finally got our pizza. We started to dig in and my friends wife noticed there was, what appeared to be pubic hair, all over the pizza. I took it up to complain and the employee told me that it is what it is and went in the back and started making jokes about it with the other employees. We left disgusted and completely unsatisfied! I'll never be back there if that's the way they treat their customers!
3	It may be that NY style pizza does not do much for me, but after hearing so many rave reviews about this place, I gave it a go and it was underwhelming. It is model NY pizza and nothing more.
4	I get excited about any place that can pull off a pizza that reminds me of New Jersey. I had heard a lot about this place and was anxious to try it. When I walked in the smell instantly brought me back to being on the east coast. They had a lot of different options but I kept it simple with a pepperoni, a ham and pineapple, and some garlic knots. However they did offer such toppings as: calabrese, guanciale, dates, gorgonzola, pecorino, and pesto cream. They had some specialty pizzas or you could order these items alone as toppings. Very unique creations. The chef here really seem to put his heart and soul into the food. Mom and Pop business at its finest.
4	Great quality...more than what you pay at chains,  but you get what you pay for!
5	The owners are kind,and the food is fresh and delicious!
5	Tried this place last week at the last minute due to yelp reviews.  This place is great and we will definitely be going back.  It doesn't look like much from the outside (I would really recommend new signage!) but we were pleasantly surprised with our dining experience.  We shared a large antipasta salad and a pizza. It came in a huge bread bowl and could easily be a meal by itself.  The pizza was fabulous.  You can tell it is made fresh, and we loved the open kitchen design.  The place is not very large which make dining in a little less comfortable than a typical sit down restaurant but we liked the unique decor and layout. The prices were very reasonable, especially for the quantity and quality of food.  Highly recommend!
5	Lived on this side of town for a few years now and just tried OSP if you live around here stop denying yourself the best pizza in vegas
5	Hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas. The food here is always top notch, made with fresh ingredients! If that wasn't enough I've always had great customer service here. When you eat here don't neglect the daily specials for the pizza. If you're lucky enough to show up on an Osso Bucco day...DON'T PASS IT UP! Please support this awesome local business so they can continue to thrive and I can continue to eat here!!
5	Holy cow, how did I not get here sooner?I found myself at The Cannery last week for the Blues, Brews, and BBQ festival.  As a vegetarian, I was enjoying the Blues and Brews, but found myself rather hungry and not having much to do about it.  I'm not one to visit restaurants in the local casinos, and then I remembered many a fellow Yelper recommending Old School Pizzeria which happens to be just across the street.  So off we went for dinner.It's a tiny place, but nicely decorated.  My husband and I considered just ordering slices until we realized we could get a whole pie for a little more.  We got a 14-inch for $10 and added two toppings for $1 apiece.  They offer many specialty pizzas as well.With all the glowing Yelp reviews, I had high expectations for this pizza.  My goodness did it meet them.  The crust was perfect- a little crunch on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside.  The sauce was fresh and had a nice flavor.  And the best part?  The just-delivered-super-amazing heirloom tomatoes that topped my pizza.  My only complaint is that I wanted more of those delicious tomatoes on my pie.We capped off our meal with a homemade cannoli.  Over the years I have found that a cannoli is a tricky thing at a restaurant- they are either really, really good or really, really not good.  So I mentally prepared myself expecting the latter.  Well, guess who was trying to talk her husband into ordering 3 dozen more of these babies?  This girl.The food was great and the service was even better.  I'm not sure who was taking care of our order, but he was one of the friendliest people I've met.  He alone deserves a five-star rating.Thanks, Yelpers, for your help!  Looks like I've found yet another place to add to my rotation!
5	Saw all the yelp reviews so figured we'd check it out especially since I live in this area and have blindly passed by this place so often. First walked in and noticed how small it was.. probably four tables and some stool seats. Fine by me. The menu was small as well, it wasn't too extensive but why need be if you make bomb ass pizzas? Tried out the monster slice because I had eaten previously, but I wish I hadn't beforehand so I could scarf down a whole pie to myself because it was that good! Needless to say, I'll be coming back and will be bringing more friends with me. Happy to have found a good place to relax and eat so close to home. Thanks for the cannolis and full + happy stomach Gio!
3	Old School Pizzeria serves decent pizza but it's no where near the best pizza I've ever had. The restaurant is pretty small and the lines (at lunch time) long, but the friendly staff do enough to make your experience enjoyable.We ordered an order of garlic knots and 2 of the OMG pizzas for a group of 6 guys and 3 girls and found that it was more than enough which was fine by us because who doesn't love leftovers?!Food:Garlic knots - Basically garlic bread sticks. These were very tasty and I found myself wanting the garlic knots more than the actual pizza itself. If you're a garlic lover like I am then these are a must-try.Pork Reigns - The pork reigns was definitely my favorite out of the 3 pizza types we ordered (we went 1/2 and 1/2 on one of the pizzas). With pulled pork, calabrese, sausage, and bacon this meat monster is sure enough to satiate any cravings the hungry carnivore might have. The pork meats all had a pretty strong flavor which was definitely a good thing.Calabrese - This pie contained calabrese, olivers, and hot peppers if I remember correctly. The peppers were definitely a nice addition and I wish that they were added to the pork reigns. Overall the calabrese had a much more balanced taste than the pork reigns so if you're trying to go lighter this is definitely my recommendation. Five Cheese Pesto - I didn't actually try this one but the general consensus was that it was tasty however the ricotta was heavy; maybe a little bit too heavy. One thing to note is that all of my toppings kept falling off. This might have been due to the fact that the pizza was still hot and the slices so big. I also felt that the crust was too bland and didn't give enough flavor.Overall: If you're hungry in N. Vegas and craving pizza, give Old School Pizzeria a try.
5	This little gem is "Old School" with flavors guaranteed to induce old fashioned food-gasms.   The Garlic Knots, served with fresh Rosemary and roasted cloves of Garlic, are a personal favorite.  I highly recommend a combination of Garlic Knots and Gio's House Salad to wake your tastebuds and provide multiple mouthfuls of happiness. This salad is a combination of fresh Cucumber, Fennel, Caramelized White Onion, Cherry Tomatoes, Basil, and chunks of freshly made Mozzarella, tossed in a light, delicious, House Vinaigrette Dressing. Incredible!   The pizzas are covered with a variety of fresh ingredients, full of mouthwatering flavor, sitting upon a delicious House-made Tomato Sauce. The Classic Combo is a personal favorite, but you must try several pies for yourself before deciding upon your personal favorite. I will guarantee this, the freshly made, hand-tossed dough creates a wonderful crust. It is thin and crispy, but just thick enough to offer a soft bite of delectable deliciousness.  Amazing!
5	A little slice of comfort. Plus some (the cannoli). Food: 9Service: 9Ambience: 6.5Selection: 7Honestly, I didn't expect much when my friend invited me to this small place off Craig Road in front of the Cannery.  And I didn't really expect much once I entered either.  But looking at the menu, I saw that this little pizzeria had character.  Yeah, topics are 50 cents more on a slice (monster slice is gigantic by the way) and a dollar more for full pizzas, but quality definitely compensates.  I was about to get two monster slices (the only slices available), but the cashier advised me that people usually can barely finish one.  Skeptical at first, he was right.  I ordered the carnivore pizza with pepperoni, sausage, meatballs, bacon, ham, and chicken and I could barely finish the crust.  Be sure to get the altered ranch dipping sauce, which is a bit more watery than usual, but certainly an unassumingly amazing complement to any pizza crust.  Aside from pizza, they also have other Italian offerings dependent on the day.Service was exceptional. It looked like the place was running only under two people. Granted, it's a small place, seating only about 15 - 20 or so, but it was always packed during the dinner time (stayed there about 2.5 hours talking to a friend).  Environment isn't too interesting-pretty plain. But the personalities of the employees really make the place.  One of the guys there was the owner, co-founder of Nora's Italian in Vegas on Flamingo.  He really keeps the Italian spirit alive, making sure the customers are enjoying their food and their experience overall.  Music was chill, a great kick-back from the long work day. There was a small tv showing the news.  All in all, with two staff up front, the place handled itself pretty well. Advice: Probably wouldn't come here for a formal, classy date, but would come here any other day.  Service was excellent and comforting, giving me that local business feeling you rarely see here in Vegas.  Food was mouth watering (honestly one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten with the best crust I've ever had).  Price point-rationale.  Come!  I wasn't about to get the cannoli because the guy at the counter said it would take 30 minutes to make, but my friend and I ended up staying past that time anyways, and the place gave us two on the house.  Crisp, sweet outer shell and a hazel-nutty, cinnamon-ny filling creating a churro-like taste. Pretty satisfying end to the meal.
5	After tasting this pizza , I will not go anywhere else...
5	Happened along this place and saw the owner who used to cook at another favorite restaurant we love.. the anitpasto salad, and crazy good chicken are our faves. The garlic knots and pizza are out of this world.. we will be back for sure the service was impeccable..
4	Passed by the place dozens of times and always thought it was out of business.  Tried it tonight and its really good.  Tried the plain cheese pizza and was impressed, good pizza and good value as well.
5	3rd time back and it's been almost 2 years since my first review. Needed an update.It's still out of this world DELICIOUS!!!! There is more on the menu, daily specials, and not cash only anymore. Prices went up a little since my last review. But, duh, so has everything. And his menu is worth every penny! Definitely could do some damage with a buzz going and a credit card in hand! LOL! We come every Vegas trip!Every single item is made from scratch. His garlic cream sauce (not ranch! my friend). The dough!! I LOVE the dough! The sauce, meats, tea,  cannolis!!! Everything! I keep forgetting to try the gelato. Next trip. The monster slice is a deal! But really, you'll want more. Maybe a couple hours later. It's totally addicting. Please, please, NEVER close! Thanks Old School Pizzeria! Pizza will never be the same. :-)
5	Delicious point blank!!! I have passed by this place for years & finally tried it tonight. My only regret is not trying it sooner! I will definately be a regular. The pizza was yummy, staff was very nice, and it was clean. Everything made fresh right in front of you! A must try!!!!
4	Very good pizza.  The Gio salad was very good as well. I liked the regular cheese pizza best, though the supreme pizza was pretty tasty.  Small place, a bit difficult to find when it's dark as their facade sign is not lit. With their pedigree, I'm a bit stumped as to why they are where they are and not closer to town. The pricing is reasonable and the service is really good.  Will get there as often as possible, but I live way on the other side of town. As you know, I'm a fan of the small business entrepreneur because it takes a lot of guts to take that kind of leap. Hoping for the best with these guys.
5	Yay! I just happen to be their 100th reviewer!First of all, shame on me for not coming here sooner because they have been here at least a year and half in this nice location across from the Cannery Casino. Old School Pizzeria is just that. Old school. They make everything from scratch right in front of you. I ordered the Rosemary Garlic Knots and a Monster slice of The Carnivore. The Rosemary Garlic Knots were exquisite! I have had garlic knots before but these babies are now the standard I will judge others by. Let me describe it. Please have a bib or a napkin ready because you will be drooling. These are not your basic garlic knots. These knots are baked with actual rosemary leaves and real garlic cloves tossed in a light olive oil. I had them sit in the oven a little longer so it would make the outside even more crispy. When you take that first bite, it's comparable to one of those scenes you would see in any basic movie when somebody has a flashback and relives all those fun, awesome times, all in fast forward because by then that first bite is on its way to your stomach. Oh, and don't forget about the ranch dipping sauce that comes with it. Definitely did not come from a bottle. I assume they made it fresh because it was really creamy and made me want to drink it.As for the monster slice of The Carnivore, the description is very fitting. If you refer to my pic, I put a pepper shaker right next to it so you can comprehend its dimensions. Now I have had good thin crust New York style pizza before, but this crust was SOURDOUGH! Now sourdough bread by itself I am into, but as the crust for the pizza? Stupendous! As you can assume by the name, it has all the meats they have available. From my recollection it had sausage, ham, chicken, pepperoni, and bacon. Usually when I get to the end crust, I just put it aside, but this crust was so good especially dipped in the ranch dressing, that it would make other sourdough bread jealous.As an honorary mention, I gotta say that their bathroom is nicely decorated, clean, and has a fresh scent to it. It's so nice that I hope to God that none of those idiot hooligans jack it up with their sharpies and scratch things up. Memo to those low lifes: What kind of jerk are you to vandalize things and make it a sight for sore eyes? Anyways, sorry I kind of strayed off the beaten path there.So now that you got this far in my review, I just want to reiterate one thing. Whatever you get here, make sure the Rosemary Garlic Knots is one of them. The pizza comes in a very close second because it compliments the former. Sometimes, you just gotta go old school! Old School Pizzeria that is!
5	Awesome!  We regret we've got nothing like this in our hometown.We were passing through Vegas and were looking for a restaurant with veges for our family of five for dinner after a long week of camping.This place was great find to stumble upon.Small, yes, but the food is great.  The pizza and salad showed they cared about the food.  The crust has a slight sourdough flavor.   The staff showed great extra care cutting the salad brea bowl into five pieces, two clearly bigger for the adults, and three for the kids.  When waiting for thebathroom, one of the staff told me to check in the corner and have my five-year-olddraw on the wall chalk board, which really helped to occupy him whilewe waited.For a place where you order at the counter, we felt soooo taken care of.  Simply wonderful!
5	Absolutely the best pizza in Vegas and probably best anywhere.
5	Exactly what I have always wanted in a pizza.  Fresh local ingredients, great service, unique options.
1	Extremely unimpressive service. Tried to make an order over the phone and found the person taking the order completely unwilling to allow to any request to personalize the order, such as adding extra cheese, for example. Really, really weird stuff. I've ordered from countless pizza places in my time, and I've never come across anything quite like that. I actually thought whoever it was taking the order was joking or just messing around, but he was in fact dead serious. IMO no food's that good to have to sift through that kind of lousy approach to running a business, just to place an basic order. Pass.
5	Best pizza ever, vegas meets Italy simply does not tasty like any pizza! It tastes like an Italian fancy dish!!! AMAZING! And healthy too! The dough is delicious and it can be eaten by itself and the atmosphere is great! Definitely, one of those places you go once a week!!
5	My new favorite pizza place! My bf and I ordered last minute but totally worth it! The guys behind the counter were super nice. They make their pizza dough with a starter so it has a little sour taste to it. We ordered the garlic and rosemary knots and the Vegas meets Italy pizza. They were out of knots when we went to pick up but they made us a garlic rosemary bread to replace it. So delicious with their mascarpone dipping sauce. And the pizza...absolutely fantastic! Heirloom tomatoes, dates, pistachios, ricotta, smoked provolone, prosciutto and arugula (their night have been more toppings but I can't remember) work so well together. I may have to make this a weekly tradition.
5	I can't believe that I lived in North Las Vegas for over two years without knowing this hidden gem even existed. It's in a small strip mall building across from the parking garage of the Cannery. The guys are friendly, the place is very clean, and the food is awesome!  I've done work lunch with some fellow Air Force folks and the service was quick enough to make lunch hour. AND I've taken the family and everyone enjoyed their meal. The pizza is loaded, the garlic knots are buttery, and the chicken is falling off the bone.  Sweet and go anytime you're on Craig Rd near the I-15.
5	This place had some damn amazing pizza. Some of the best pizza i've had in Vegas, and pizza is all I eat when I'm out there!
5	Super delicious pizza?! YES! Old School Pizzeria is seriously super yummy! Its right across the street from The Cannery on Craig and its not a huge place. The location, though far from my place, is pretty quiet and nice. Inside OSP it's VERY clean and bright! I love the chalk board walls and all the information throughout the inside. You go up to the counter and are greeted by the pizza maker and he gives you a quick run down of the menu. They have 3 sizes of pizza you can order, as well as single slices.I chose a "big" cheese pizza and a side of garlic knots. You order off an iPad and it even has one of them card sliders on the side for convenience. Your receipt is also e-mailed to you! Santiago and I sat down to wait for our yummies as the pizza maker go to work. It was really neat seeing him knead the dough and get it ready for us. Before we knew it he was placing it into the oven and getting out knots ready. Whilst we waited Santiago drew on the chalk board and I watch tv. The pizza was ready in about 10-12 minutes and I asked for some ranch, which he informed me was actually homemade and mascarpone cheese and spices! YUM!Off we went to Summerlin! I was a little sad because I figured the pizza was going to be gross and cold when we got home, alas it was still warm and yummy! Upon looking at the pizza you can tell its homemade and not the stuff from other chain places. On the walls it says the dough is made in batches every 36 hours so they do tend to run out. The dough here is perfect and chewy but not overly chewy, its seriously good! He put the right amount of sauce on the pizza as well as a good amount of cheese! The rosemary garlic knots were sooooooooo good! I seriously wanted more!For the pizza and knots our total was around $14. I did also tip since it was 8:45pm and they were closing at 9pm. I will def come here again when I'm on this side of town! The cool thing is, even 2 days later the pizza still tastes amazing! YAY!
3	I like the pizza here, got it to go once. The only knock is they went real light with my sausage topping as I had only two to three pieces of meat per slice. I'll go back but may inquire about toppings.
5	This place is awesome. I was in town with my band this last spring and a bunch of us came in for dinner. They handled us very well. We ordered some garlic bread sticks and a bunch of pizzas. These are much better than your topical pizza. The owner personally came out to serve us and to make sure our orders were up to our expectations. Next time I am in town I will be visiting this place.
5	An absolute gem of a restaurant. The pizza is made from sourdough (but the taste of sourdough is light, so as to avoid overpowering the taste of the toppings). They provide a small cup of house made ranch to dip the crust in. You can watch the pizza being made, which is fun. Sinatra on the radio and the only cannoli I've ever really loved tops off a wonderful meal.If it's your first time, go all out. Get a slice, garlic knots, and a cannoli. You'll thank me.I must mention the service: always friendly, very welcoming, and prompt. If the food didn't keep me coming back, the lovely owner and employees would.Favorite pizza toppings: sauteed garlic, sauteed spinach, sliced homemade meatballs, caramelized onion, roasted mushrooms.
5	Well I have to admit I have never gone to north Las Vegas for a meal...probably because there are way more options on my side of town but since my friend always comes to my side of town I figured it'd be fair to try eating on her side of town for once. I was pleasantly surprised! The place is small and quaint, it's quite homey.. You can see your pizza being made which was cool, they have big bread bowls they serve their salads in, and homemade  cannolis!! The pizza was really good And the cannoli was ok too! I liked the place and will def. be back!! :)
5	Pizza is amazing, service is perfect, cannoli best I have ever had! Looking forward to trying more of the menu.
5	Great pizza as to be expected. But the service was even better.  It's like going to have a meal at a friends house. Oh and the cannolis are amazing
5	The Vegas meets Italy pizza is one of the best tasting pizzas in the neighborhood. Also the guys there really care about the food they sell and will gladly elaborate on any questions you might have. Go, eat, and be merry.
5	What can I say? Well it appears my first visit was just an aberration. I have gone back and got a pie for lunch with some co-workers and took note that they got the toppings just right this time! To flesh out my review a bit more this time I have to mention the nice sweet and fresh taste to the marinara. This time around I got sausage, pepperoni and Canadian bacon and it ended up as a real good mix of meaty flavors. A last note, their crust is very good, crispy outside and the perfect ooey gooey chewiness I crave in crust...add in the creamy dipping sauce and I was in food bliss all day long!3/5 star previous with today's update of 5/5 should yield a 4/5 for me but OSP has tipped the balance of my opinion and I'm giving 5/5!
5	This pizza shop is great. It has an old feel with a new twist to it. The pizza is the best I've had in Vegas. All sauces in Vegas are a bit too sweet for my tastes but other then that, it's the closest you'll get to NY pizza. So my 5 star is basses on best pizza in Vegas, not the best I've ever had
5	Super bomb huge pizza slices. Authentic Italian history lessons accompany each meal. Very good times.
5	Seriously! Love in every bite. By far the best pizza I've had on the west coast and that's high praise. I keep wanting to try the pasta but I never get there! Oh and the salads in the made from scratch breads bowls. Yummy. Truly the sauce taste like Grandma simmered and fussed over it for a week.If you are from the east coast, I'm from Boston and/or my Husband's from the Bay area of Cali (we know good pizza with great fresh ingredients). Try this place. Oh and if you like it spicy the calabrese is worth trying. And Gio the extra hot calabrese is perfect for us! Thanks for the tip.
5	The pizza here is soooo good that I went to bed thinking about it. Now I understand why people order the biggest size pizza! The ingredients were fresh.
5	I walked in last Wednesday with some co-workers, expecting to get my usual slice and a cannolo (Gio recently taught me the singular form of cannoli... lunch and a lesson, haha!).  Much to my surprise, they had a special treat that day that they don't make often:  porchetta, or Italian pork roast, with an au jus type sauce.  Offered in the form of a sandwich on their signature sourdough, my mind was changed instantly.  Why not try something I'd never had before, especially when it smelled so heavenly?And what a good decision it was!  Juicy with a crispy outer layer and full of flavor from the herb mixture it was stuffed with, it had a bit of the "au jus" poured over it that soaked into the bread.  All the flavors mixed together into one of the most delicious dishes I've had in a very long time.  I rarely eat my entire meal, but this was one I couldn't stand to let go to waste.The moral of the story:  If you ever happen to stop in on a porchetta day, forget about pizza and eat the pork.  :)
3	The first few times, this place was amazing. The last couple of times have been lackluster at best. I can't put my finger on it, but it just wasn't as good. I do like the crust of the pizza, but the rest, not so much. I do like the Chef Gio salad, but sometimes there's a little too much fennel. It also could use more acid, for my taste anyhow. The bead it sits on is awesome. The decor is kind of falling apart too, the chairs are rickety and while the pallet countertops are cool, they are a bit rickety too. I'm rooting for these guys to make it and hopefully they'll be in a position to open a bigger place.
4	Pretty good slice! This is a small mom and pop pizzeria with a lot of charm. The service is excellent and the chef is really friendly. Now the food: we ordered garlic knots, two slices and I had to try their cannoli!The garlic knots are dipped in butter and have fresh basil on them, they also come with a side of house garlic sauce. They're pretty good but too fancy for me. The pizza, though not my favorite, is pretty good! The slices are huge! The sauce is on the salty side but blends nicely in the slice. Now the cannoli, excellent! I was pretty full after the huge slice (it's a meal in itself) but couldn't say no to a cannoli. It had a cinnamon flavor to it and was deliciously fresh! All in Ll, I def see myself returning here.
5	Best pizza ever!!! Hands down!!! Gio and Darren and the rest of the staff are great! Anyone that puts less than 5 stars for their review of this amazing restaurant simply doesn't know what they are talking about. Can't wait to be back! Oh yeah and the garlic knots and cannolis and everything I've tried on the menu is outstanding so eat here and you won't be disappointed! :) I'm celebrating my wedding anniversary and Darren made the pizza into a heart shape for me to surprise my wife with! If you haven't been here it's time you do!
4	This is a pretty good pizza spot in North Las Vegas. Fairly close to the VA hospital and convenient for lunch. The large slice is more than enough for lunch. The crust is good, very similar to sourdough, and is slightly on the thicker side. Overall solid pizza place.
4	We placed our order online and the pizza was just coming out of the oven when we arrived. It was incredibly fresh. The salad dressing is very tasty and the cannoli is amazing. I'm not a fan of the usual chocolate chips on cannoli so this order made me very happy. Perhaps it was the hint of cinnamon that made it so yummy. I'm not sure but I'll definitely be back for that cannoli!
5	I hail from San Diego, with plenty of old world style pizzerias. The Vegas Meets Italy is by far one of the most unique and flavorful specialty pizzas I've ever had. You might be spooked by the toppings, but trust me they make an excellent pizza become a superb pizza. The man at the counter bet me that I would come back before I return to CA- he's right, I will. A High five to Old School Pizzeria!
5	Place is great! We had Vegas meets Italy pizza with bread knots. Amazing! Place has a great atmosphere. Definitely coming here again.
5	This is some of the best pizza I have ever had. The dough is amazing. You can tell that it is fresh, the fact that you can watch them make your pie doesn't hurt.
5	My husband and I went here for lunch and absolutely fell in love with the pizza. I now come here to order our pies. The cannoli's are to die for as well.
5	There are few times when you get to witness greatness in it's prime. This place consistently delivers on quality, I honestly am surprised I have yet to have a bad experience. The two guys there are the dynamic duo. The garlic knots, what can say other than that's how a finger food bready food is meant to be prepared and presented. The roasted garlic, pine needles, and ranch dressing make for an all around fulfilling experience. The garden salad, wow I've never had salad taste like that. Cannoli at the end, best I've had since my last trip to little Italy in NYC. And hey, the pizza is bomb. No joke this place is legit.
4	Imagine a tall Italian handsome Italian man telling you you can have it your way. My review just might be slightly biased. I came in when the place was closed.. I guess around three. The owner was very kind and accommodated me. I asked him for recommendations, and told him to make me something tasty. I had a vegetarian slice, a meaty slice and an order of garlic knots. I don't know if the items or on the menu or what they are called. I think he may have just thrown together some ingredients. The pizza is made right in front of you, and was still hot when I got home 20 minutes later. I can honestly say that I have never had pizza like this. The ingredients were very bold, and provided a unique flavor. I preferred the meaty pizza to the veggies pizza as the veggie pizza had some sort of broccoli that had a flavor too robust for my palate. The garlic knots were yummy. They were cooked with fresh garlic, and had an amazing sauce to go along. I will definitely return. I will probably not pay as much attention to the nice Italian guy, and choose my own slice. Which reminds me - one slice is more than enough! It took me three days to eat the 2 slices and the knots.
5	We were out shopping and decided to find a Pizza place near home. Looked on YELP our go to online search,  and found Old School Pizzeria not too far away. It was Fantastic. (Most in the area suck big time, sorry I'm from NY where we know our PIZZA!) We entered the shop which had 4 tables with tablecloths and leather chairs. A big blackboard covered one full wall with the menu written out. So many interesting item to choose from. They have a fennel, mozz, grape/heirloom tomato and basil in a vinaigrette called Gio's Salad, It was delicious. Then our pizza came. So far I haven't never gotten roasted whole cloves of garlic on a pizza but this one had it. It was the 14inch veggie. More heirloom tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, eggplant and more stuff. The crust was crusty!! :) and really good. Loved the decor. If you find yourself in the area, you must get a pizza or any of the fantastic dinner selections.. They had osso buco, roasted chicken with a savory bread pudding.. stuff just sounds great. Need to try something else next time! Definitely a new spot for us. NLV is finally getting some good restaurants.
5	We have been looking for a good pizza place near Nellis AFB with little success.  Then a friend (from NY) recommended this place.   It's a little hole in the wall.  Blink and you'll miss it.  It only has 4 tables.  The decor is a little grungy.  The service was excellent. You can watch them make the pizza.  We ordered rosemary garlic knots and a 14in with pepperoni, sausage, olives, mushrooms, green pepper, and garlic.  The garlic knots came first.  They were amazing!  A good start that had us excited to try the pizza.  We would not be disappointed.  The pizza was absolutely delicious.  The crust is soft and fluffy on top and crispy on bottom. The toppings were perfect.  It was one of the best pizzas we have ever tasted.  This will definitely be our go to place for pizza from now on.
4	You can tell they take pride in the pizza that serve.  Everything was fresh & well made. We enjoyed the Classic Combo pizza & The Carnivore pizza & a Old School Antipasto Salad.  It was absolutely worth bypassing the strip, as we were in route to Utah. The decor is perfect repurposing pallets as bars tops for bar seating, & large cans as pizza holders.  The only minor drawback is that they only have about 4 tables which means you may have to wait for a table or take it to go. But either way, worth the wait.  The next time we make the trip we are trying the Crazy Good Chicken & the Pork Reigns pizza.  Until next time....
3	Decent pie.  They do make it right in front of you and it is decent pizza.  Fresh ingredients as well.  Could use just a bit more saucewhen making the pies; sauce is what gives it the base flavor.I liked it, but will try the other myriad offerings in my quest fur the best pie in the area.
4	This place is a trip! I love the cooks and the owner! True east coaster. First off we get here during lunch rush hour and there is literally a line out the door. So in my freinds infinite wisdom he asked the Owner "What's good here" the owner responds "Are you serious?! I don't have time for this and throws him a menu and says "It's all good..when you're ready to order get back in line" hahaha love it!" I ordered two slice... should of got one, they are huge!! Just FYI order the double (two slices) it's cheaper than ordering two single slices.   While we were enjoying our meal, a guy comes in thinking he was all "gangsta" and tell the cook, "Hey make me 3 of those!" The cook who looked like Popeye! Just looks at him then points to the register and says "Order there like everyone else!" then Mr Gangster yells at the owner..."Hey Bro!".. without skipping a beat the owner yells back "THAT'S CHEF BRO TO YOU!!". You can't have old school pizza without the old school attitude! Definitely coming back again
5	The best pizza I have had in a long time. Got the carnivore and a salad. I'm from the east coast and the pizza reminded me of the pizza back home, except better! The owner thanked us for coming when we left. I thought that was a nice touch. They are going to need a bigger building soon.
4	One of the better pizza we've had.  The place small but clean.  Service is excellent and the food is above average.  If you want wine you must take your own glass and pay dollars for the glass.  We will definitely go back
5	Holy cow! This place is truly a diamond in the rough. North Las Vegas has the pizza place that I have been looking for. The service was great, very friendly. The food was amazing! The crust of our pizza was great. The sauce was perfect. The ingredients were bar none quality. If you like bacon I highly recommend getting any pizza with at least the bacon.
3	Yes, I am a fan of their pizza and believe it or not, because the crust is so delicious, the best pizza is their cheese pizza; the way good old fashioned pizza originated and was intended. If I need to add a lot of toppings it is because the good old basic pizza is not good enough. Con, it is very expensive pizza. Yelp rated is $$ it is definitely a $$$ pizza joint and the ambience is just a simple basic strip mall facility with limited seating and bright lighting.We waited 57 min. for our pizza to be made and served and they weren't busy, only two other tables were seated, one party already had their food and one got their food shortly after we arrived. I bought one soda for my son when we got there because I am not a big soda drinker but after waiting and waiting we ended up going to the register two more times to buy sodas for others. You would think that because of the extensive wait they would have just invited us to help ourselves to the soda fountain but that was not the case. I just think it would have been a nice gesture for good customer service. Yes, the one guy at the register was friendly but they should probably rethink their business model.  When your menu prices are that expensive, you need to make people feel like they are getting value elsewhere instead of feeling squeezed for every penny.
5	My husband and I decided to go here one night when we were craving carbs, and we are thrilled a pizza place of this caliber is right in our neighborhood!  I want to try more things in the menu, but I CRAVE the Vegas Meets Italy and can't bring myself to order anything else. Great atmosphere. I feel like it's my kitchen and my family. On each of our visits, the owner has brought out something tasty for us to simply try. The customer service combined with the food make this perfect. I don't understand how this isn't consistently voted the best pizza place in town. Spread the word!
4	What a find! We tried this before a show at the Cannery after a friend rec it. We had a salad and slice combo and i tell ya it was the biggest slice I have ever had. Delicious too!. Salad was very nice and fresh and the service was terrific too. There are a couple drawbacks.....NO wine or beer which would be a very nice addition. The other problem is that it is so small that it would be tough to bring a group of friends to show off this little slice of heaven in the desert.
4	Veggie pizza! Amazing!
5	Come hungry!!! Great pizza and service is great. Come here from Cali. Talk about OG style. Thin and tasty. Fresh ingredients and is made in from of you. New York style pie.
5	I am so mad at myself for not having been to this place sooner.  I loved it! It all started as soon as we walked in the door & were greeted by friendly staff who provided wonderful customer service.  We ordered antipasto salad,  pepperoni & mushroom monster slice & a meat lovers calzone. Every single ingredient was fresh, DELICIOUS and some even from local farms.  I wish more restaurants in Vegas worked this way.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Picked it on Whim as we were staying close to LVMS, and needed a great vegetarian option. Didn't know what to expect, but was blown away! Awesome pizza, staff and ambiance!  Don't waste time looking around the area, head right over and taste what pizza should be like!
5	Old School is stepping it up ! Didn't have to wait for a table tonight. New seating and more tables makes coming here even better. We usually take our pizza home but now we don't have to. Fresh from the oven into my mouth ! OLD SCHOOL PIZZERIA is the BEST PIZZA IN TOWN !
5	Amazing pizza. I mean really, really transcendently amazingly perfect pizza. The chefs here cure their own sausages, make their dough using sourdough starter, and offers daily specials as diverse as Mac n' Cheese and Octopus, you know you are either in for a real treat or an overhyped hipster experience. Luckily, this place is a treat from the get-go. Unpretentious, the efforts are focused entirely on the food. And the efforts are well rewarded. The slice of Pork Reigns pizza I had was an epiphany.And then we came back for a second visit. We split an antipasto salad, and I had the Crazy Good Chicken (dark), while the wife had the daily special Mac n' Cheese. Wow. Just wow. Drive across town. Come in from another state. It's worth the trip!
5	On our long drive from Phoenix to Provo, we looked up restaurants as we were driving through vegas and wanted to stop somewhere and grab some lunch.  We looked on our phones and found Old School in north vegas.  not sure what we were getting ourselves into we decided to stop in and have a bite.  We got the vegas meets Italy pizza and we were absolutely impressed.  The blend of cheeses, tomatoes and date sauce was a great change of pace.  We liked it so much we will surely stop by on our way home.
4	This place is very small in a little strip mall off Craig st. It makes up for it when you walk in though. With it's tiny size, open kitchen and rustic decor it feels like a bistro in Europe. The menu is simple but the options are interesting and enticing. I had gio's salad and the crazy good chicken. It was crazy good- especially the stuffing it came with. Flavorful, crispy and delicious! They also have daily specials so I will definitely go back to try those!
5	Outstanding. Many times you have to choose between quantity and quality. Not here. Don't order two slices...I may never recover. Aside from having excellent food the staff is incredible and very polite which is certainly not what you get at most places. Highly recommended!
4	I had to try this place from recommendations from a fellow co-worker.  the outside is very underestimating as the inside is on a whole other level. It is comfy, cozy, and the music is awesome. keeps a positive train of thought as you wait for your pizza. the wait was long but expected as they make the pizza right in front of you.. Literally they have a glass wall and you can watch them make the pizza. I had no problems waiting as the final product was ridiculous! ! we had the 18" with cheese, eggplant, caramelized onions, sauteed mushrooms, roasted garlic, pepperoni, and olives. along with their garlic rosemary knots. the pizza was great, the marinara sauce was very flavorful but not overpowering.  the mozzarella cheese tasted fresh, the toppings were very flavorful and did not disappoint at all! pizza was on another level from others ive tried in my opinion and is highly recommended. the garlic rosemary knots are awesome. the knots are a bit dense and tough but after all it is a knot lol! but I didnt mind as the garlic and rosemary was very intense and was a great surprise as the knots ive had around town fall way short on the flavor category, not these though! They are perfect and a must try with their pizza. oh I also ordered their cannoli and I am currently waiting to try them as I am stuffed!! we finished half the pizza and there was two of us and I am satisfied! ! if you like pizza and havent tried this place, put your usual pizza spot on hold for once and go here it will not dissapoint!!Update: so I had the cannoli!  It was good. It did however taste like a twist on what a canoli im used to taste like. It has the look. The shell is good and crispy, very dense shell. The filling to me tasted like a cream cheese/ cinnamon cream filling. It was good, just not what I expected. Try it out and let me know what you all think??
4	Delicious baked ziti. Would love to live closer to here to be able to treat myself to it more often.
2	Fair pizza. Good crust but they did not put much toppings on. Asked for green peppers and had three small pieces on a monster slice.
4	Old School is a breath of fresh air in a neighborhood of crappy chain restaurants and limited choices. It's not perfect, but it seems to strive for something close to that. I've only ever had the pizza and the salads here. I tried to order a sandwich they had on the menu once, but they were out of chicken. The specialty pizzas are unique and very good, I love the one with pesto, although drawing a blank on the name currently. Veggie pizza has lots of toppings, even eggplant! My only complaint is the crust; it's thicker than I prefer. Gio's salad is okay, and the house salad is truly delightful. That mozzarella though... Damn. Yes, I'm salivating over a HOUSE SALAD. Great lunch specials, big slices of pizza, decent prices. Small restaurant, therefore limited seating. Good, quick, friendly service. I hope you choose Old School over Pizza Hut. Dig deep in your wallet and just do it ... and try the salad.
3	Not impressed at all with the pizza.  Then again I am a New Yorker so I have very high standards when it comes to pizza.  This definitely didn't make my cut...I suppose I do need to edit this review though...it was sent only after eating the pizza and before anything else.   I still stand behind my not liking it.( to each his own).but the calzone was very good and the 5 cheese mac and cheese was phenomenal.  Based on all of the other 5 star reviews it is definitely worth a visit.
4	The portions were extremely generous. The countermen (the guy who took my order and all the employees) were extremely nice. They were all pleasant and helpful. The pizza was okay, it could've been better as was the huge calzone. In my opinion the problem was not the sauce nor toppings, but the dough. In fact they're one of the few pizzerias to use quality black olives which is a huge plus in my book.The mascarpone dip was freaking delicious as promised. You can't say you don't get your money's worth. BUT...The baked 5 cheese pasta was UNBELIEVABLY, INCREDIBLY good...probably the best take on Mac n Cheese I've ever had. I could live on that stuff. The cannoli was also fresh and tasty and the guy was nice enough to pack the filing separate from the shell so it didn't arrive home soggy. I might go back for a second try especially for the pasta, but Darrin B. answered my wife's review kind of nastily thinking it was me. I should add that her review was written prior to tasting the pasta and cannoli so I don't agree with her 1 star either. His response to my wife's review which he mistook for mine was kind of insulting so I'll have to decide what's more important...my pride or that ridiculous baked pasta. Yum-o! Seriously!
5	So I've since left Las Vegas...but I can't stop thinking about the quality of ingredients at old school as well as the atmosphere. Bring your own bottle of wine, share with the chef and enjoy dinner how it should be.
5	Best pizza I've had in Vegas the staff is super friendly!
5	The pizza here is delicious. Today was my second visit and both times we saw the owner. First time he was seated next to is. We order the carnivore, and the garden salad. Both are very fresh and tasty. The salad came in a bread bowl that appeared to be baked in the restaurant. The pizza itself is pretty greasy due to the fact that it's all meat, but it still has that fresh meat taste. I had bacon on the pizza that I've never seen so thin, just melts in your mouth. I will be returning, and I would definitely recommend them over any of the big name pizza places.
5	OMG!! So good!! The garlic rosemary bread knots are fantastic with just the right amount of garlicky rosemary oil and the ranch is the perfect kind of ranch. The kind that isn't too creamy or too dilly or too anything - just right.  And the pizza!! The pizza is out of control delicious! It gives Secret Pizza (at Cosmopolitan) a run for it's money!! The carnivore double slice sounds like a lot of meat (house made sausage, pepperoni, house made meatballs, Niman Ranch bacon, shredded chicken and ham), but there isn't too much of anything! Well, except pizza! The double slice was way too much for even me to eat. And I can eat!  We'll be back!
5	FINALLY!!!! I have found an awesome pizzeria that serves delicious, fresh, yummy pizza.  Family and I ordered a large pizza, half carnivore and half five cheese; both options were DELICIOUS!! We also ordered some garlic and rosemary knots that were soft, warm and tasty.  The dipping sauce for the knots was pure perfection. The gentleman who took my order was kind and grateful for my business, which was refreshing.  The gentleman appeared to take great pride in his product due to his concern that if the pizza sat in the pizza box for a long period during my drive home then the pizza may not be as good as if the pizza was eaten immediately.  My whole family complimented the food the entire time during our scrumptious meal.  I am so grateful that a pizzeria that serves yummy, quality food is now opened in my neighborhood.
5	Old School is my favorite restaurant on the Craig Rd corridor and makes the best pizza in the entire Vegas Valley. It's a great spot for a quick lunch, especially if you're at Nellis AFB. Chef Gio's crust is a superb sourdough base with the perfect mix of crunch and chew. He has a very creative mix of speciality pizzas or you can create your own. I love how you can see the "magic" happening on the pizza line through the plexiglass. I've also had the Crazy Good Chicken which lived up to its name; it's one of the most delightful chicken dishes I've ever had. The braised ox tail special (on Saturdays) is out of sight, the tenderest meat you've ever had. All in all, if you stop here once, you'll come back. It's a hidden gem in North Las Vegas, less hidden now that Yelpers are on to Chef Gio's genius. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Went here a year and a half ago or so and it was OK. Today was something special! It was packed for a reason at lunch time. Highly recommended!
4	Just moved to North Las Vegas and oh man is it hard to find good food in this area! So happy I got to try this place out. FOOD:Bruschetta (5 stars): Found burrata in North Las Vegas! Whatttt? And it was AMAZING!! Basically like a burrata caprese with bread on the side.  The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the olive oil and aged balsamic had so much flavor, the heirloom tomatoes were so sweet and basil is just always good. Everything went perfectly together. I was in heaven. Just get it.Monster slice of pizza (4 stars): Made a custom pizza slice with mushrooms, garlic, and tomatoes. The pizza is thin and crust is crunchy underneath which I liked a lot. The tomato sauce on it was really good, and the ingredients tasted fresh. The slice is huge!  Had some oil accumulating on top so I just soaked that up to be a little healthier, haha. You can do one of their specialty pizzas as a monster slice as well. Rosemary Garlic Knots (4 stars): You can definitely taste the garlic, and there's a hint of rosemary which is good so it's not too overpowering. Comes with ranch. SERVICE (5 stars):Everyone was so nice and really cared if we enjoyed the food.If anything go on Tuesday for the burrata bruschetta and you will not be disappointed. Especially if you love burrata as much as me. They have other specials for the rest of the week too. Such fancy dishes for a pizza restaurant, love it. I'll definitely be coming back here.
5	I find myself gravitating towards the pork reigns specialty pizza.  Sometimes dough can be undone but nothing a little oven time can't fix at home.  The owner/manager is awesome, he REALLY cares about his customers and product he's putting out. The garlic knots I do find myself unable to share with anyone else but myself.  Plan on going back as long as I live in the area.
3	A few times a month I go to North Las Vegas for work. Food options nearby are pretty limited since I don't care for fast food. Once you start heading west of I-15 on Craig options greatly improve. Yelp led me to Old School Pizzeria. It's across from The Cannery. It's a quaint space that sits no more than 30. The have a slew of toppings and very large slices. I find one to be plenty for lunch. I've tried the pepperoni and a combination of veggies. I like the pepperoni a bit better than my choice of veggie slice with mushrooms, onions and tomatoes. Slices come with a side of garlic dipping sauce. A slice and drink is about eight bucks.The crust is crisp and the crust to sauce and cheese ratio is pretty balanced. It's a good slice of pie. They also dish up salads, pastas and a few daily specials. They are pretty famous for their garlic knots, but I'm yet to try them.
5	There is a very limited number of places in North Las Vegas a foodie would want to go to. Lucky for such a foodie, Old School Pizza is one of the best pizza spots in the city.Inside, it's charming. Modern interior made with wood, concrete, a chalkboard menu, and a counter to order and pay. Simple and effective. You can read all about the ingredients and their freshness on a smaller chalkboard towards the front door. Silverware and napkins are inside some large cans. Pizzas are held up by different large cans. Very homey and welcoming.The food...- Water. It is FILTERED from the soda machine. Do I even need to explain why this is awesome?- Rosemary garlic knots. Made fresh with olive oil, served with a ranch-like sauce on the side. Great bread texture - airy and just a bit crispy on the outside.- The classic combo pizza. Caramelized onion, roasted bell peppers, roasted mushrooms, pepperoni, house made sausage. The crust is the same sort of bread used in the garlic knots and that is a good thing. It's thin where the ingredients are and very bubbly and airy around the edges. It is perfectly chewy and fresh (it apparently takes 3 days to make). The flavors are reminiscent of a "supreme" pizza anywhere else but this is where the freshness comes in. I could taste every ingredient separately. The sauce tasted like fresh and fragrant tomatoes. The veggies were each distinct. The meats were powerful. No grease. It was pretty much perfect.- The calabrese pizza. Artisan calabrese salame, Italian cherry and banana peppers, black Mediterranean olives, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. The overall taste was a bit more acidic because of the peppers. If you're ok with that, you'll love this pizza. The crust is the same as the classic combo.- Cannolis. This is the first time I've liked a cannoli. These are stellar. The shells are likely made earlier. They're quite hard and crumbly. Then, a custard-like cream is filled in (not the usual paste-like texture). It has a hint of cinnamon and possibly pistachio. I loved it.If it wasn't for the distance, coming here would be a "no-brainer" for me on a pizza night. I genuinely can't think of a way to make anything better. Easy 5 stars and a recommendation to any pizza lover.
1	We came here so excited to have the same amazing experience we have had in the past. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!! We walked in to not being greeted then by a nasty attitude female employee we found out that they no longer offered family meals.  Sad, but no biggie. My daughter grabbed a mason jar of lemonade that was in a bin in front of this "nasty" employee and sat down to look at the menu. My daughter then says her lemonade tastes weird. Initially my daughter tried to talk to this horrible woman but was blown off. So when my husband tried to explain that she didn't know it was rosemary lemonade and that our daughter did not like it we once again were answered by a nasty attitude in response.  My husband then asked to exchange it for something else and was responded to with a bothered tone telling him "well". Due to the obnoxiously nasty employee we paid for a lemonade we returned and are back on yelp trying to find a place to eat. No recommendations for this place anymore. Very sad, but one employee ruined  Old School Pizza for us.
5	Some if the best pizza anywhere. Fantastic crust, unbelievable ingredients/toppings and some of the best cannoli ever. The pork reigns pizza, for example, is a wonderfully innovative pizza. Piling on the pork, but with each type adding a special flavor, as opposed to just checking the "tons of pork" box. Great spot.
5	Second time visiting this fabulous pizzeria.  The pizza, garlic knots and cannolis are so delicious; pure perfection.Service is awesome, excellent customer service.  I guess I'll keeping making my 20 minute journey to/from in order to enjoy fresh, quality food.  No need to go anywhere else, this is the only pizzeria worth visiting and giving my business to.
5	Moved about 3 years ago from NJ to N. Las Vegas, tried many places and this is by far the best pizza out here, the pizza dough is great, service is quick and this is our go to place when ever we want pizza.Just a note to owner, since I figure he may read these from time to time, make sure all of your male employees wear a belt, because the last thing I want to see is someone's rear end when I am eating
1	Not happy with the pizza i got here nor the service.  I felt it was a problem to serve me.
4	The owner contacted me and apologized as well as tried to fix the situation.  For this I give 4 stars, to me this means they care about their cutomers!
5	super fast and oh my gosh their pizza is ridiculously goooood. dough is on the sweeter side than most places, but for some odd reason it worked and everything came together. . good service. fast. and fresh!
5	Great pizza, amazing rosemary garlic knots and delicious salad. The pizza crust was awesome.
4	There are plenty of good pizza places in Las Vegas, and depending on what type of pizza you like, you can probably find it here. But this small restaurant in North Las Vegas is one of the best in the Valley, especially if you like New York-sized artisan pies that you can order whole or by the slice.I went to lunch with three co-workers, and we each had a "monster slice" -- and they're not kidding with the name. These pieces were HUGE! I can't imagine what a "double slice" would be! I had The Veggie, which was a melange of fresh vegetables (including one of my favorites, roasted garlic). My boss had a traditional sausage and pepperoni, and my other co-workers each had the College Favorite (ham and pineapple) and the Calabrese (salami, peppers, and olives). These were all pretty tasty, and I didn't even go near the two menu items that piqued my interest the most: the Vegas Meets Italy (dates, pistachios, prosciutto, and triple-cream gorgonzola) and the Pork Reigns (name a pork product, and it's probably on there). But my husband is pork's biggest fan, so I thought I'd save that latter order for him next time we see a movie across the street at the Galaxy Theater. (LOVE that place!)Our lunch quartet also shared some garlic rosemary bread knots (delicious) and cannoli (even better). Service was quick and pleasant, although I felt like a heel because I didn't leave a tip. (I didn't notice a tip jar on the counter, although my boss later said he saw it and tipped. Now THAT'S a first for Vegas -- an inconspicuous tip jar!)As I said earlier, this place is small, so you might have to wait for a table. But it is definitely worth the wait. And next time I'll definitely tip!
5	This was a great find! The restaurant is a quant little place and food was great! We ordered the OMG classic combo,  very good! We will definitely be back
5	My favorite pizza in Vegas, I love the Vegas meets Italy- it's the best combo of toppings I've ever tried. Our kids love the cheese pizza. The omg size is perfect for parties. The veggie is a large step above other pizza places, really flavorful adventure! They also give you complimentary house ranch doing sauce- which is the best I've ever had & perfectly compliments the sourdough crust. We've also tried the chicken, pastas, garlic balls, and salads all of which were excellent. You can't go wrong, try it out!
4	This has been a bookmark FOREVER, so it was with much anticipation that I finally got to dine here with my b/f.  We arrived on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch and it was busy, but not so much that we couldn't find a seat.  We were greeted heartily by the guys behind the counter.  I already knew from other reviews and pictures that the Rosemary Garlic Knots were a must, so we had a half order of those (6 for $2.99) plus I had a monster slice with tomatoes and mushrooms.  The $4.60 monster slice is a large slice of pizza which you can add toppings to for $.30 each or 4 or more for $1.20.  The garlic knots lived up to the hype and I would definitely come back for those again.  The pizza itself was alright; I found my slice to be a bit too greasy.  I did like the b/f's Crazy Good Chicken, which he also ordered; I'd have that again.  For a first visit, we were very happy with our food; I'll be looking forward to more of those garlicky knots and maybe a calzone the next go-round.
5	Had a lunch date here with my husband and I didn't want to go. I had just labored through three miles (running) and I didn't want to ruin what I had just accomplished with pizza. Wow, was I surprised! The decor is pleasantly surprising given the area. I had Gio's salad, the garlic knots, a cannoli, and the grilled lemon and rosemary lemonade! I could eat this over and over. I will definable be a return customer. The service is outstanding and it really feels like you are in someone's kitchen.
4	We saw this little pizzeria at the last second as we were looking for somewhere to eat before watching a movie close by. We walk in and the decor isnt the greatest and it was small, but thats not really a concern for me as ling as the food is killer. My boyfriend and I ordered a big pizza just with pepperoni and garlic rosemary knots. He also bought a mason jar of housrmade rosemary lemonade. The food came in a timely manner. Unfortunately my boyfriend did not like the lemonade; it was quite bitter. The food, however, was quite good.
5	Great Pizza......   The crust is killer.......  ;-)
5	We stumbled upon this restaurant because it was close to where we were when hunger struck, but don't let distance be the deciding factor on whether to come and try some of Chef Gio's amazing food, just come.   The menu offers pizzas with a myriad of delectable toppings such as homemade sausage, caramelized onions and roasted mushrooms.   We each had pizza slices with cheese and personalized toppings.   They were humongous and delicious with fresh veggies and meats and lots of flavor packed into the sauce and cheese.  So good.  Dip one of those slices in their garlic marscapone sauce and you'll forget ranch dressing was even a thing.  And it bears repeating that the pizza slices are ginormous.  They are serious about size and no one is going home hungry.  I also had a Gio's salad on the side.  (Tomato, cucumber, fennel, onion and mozzarella with a house vinaigrette)  the salad was perfectly composed with a great balance of flavors from the acidity of the dressing  and the cool creaminess of the mozzarella.  Just yummy.  (Also, if you order a full size salad it is served in a bread bowl.  Yes please!)So glad we found this place and I will absolutely be back!  I am looking forward to trying their organic chicken dinner with potatoes and stuffing or one of the daily specials.  This place was a pot of gold at the end of my google search.
5	Handmade pizza the way it was meant to be! Not bastardized and has fresh ingredients. My favourite is mushroom, garlic and olives. Their pastas are super tasty as well; however you haven't lived until you've tried one of their AMAZING CANOLES!!!!!! Crispy golden casing dusted with warm cinnamon and a rich creamy texture on the inside- not too sweet. I'm hungry!!!
5	Not only the best pizza in Las Vegas but overall best restaurant in the state of Nevada. The food is fresh and the chefs are unpredictable with new recipes, I getting the luck of the draw to try them. Gio and Darren are artists and always welcome faithful customers, who return for another slice of rare tastes that are only thought to exist in the east coast, like they are apart of the family. I'm from New York and lived there for 14 years, old school pizzeria is the closest I get to feel to home.
5	Holy pizza!! You would never in a million years think that such pizza perfection would come from some place off of Craig in North Las Vegas. We'll...it does. I'm so glad we stopped in. Absolutely delicious! Amazing dough, sauce, toppings and service. We usually go very basic on our first visit to a pizza place. So we had a 14" pepperoni and a cannoli. It's so cool that you can see the chef work his magic. The staff is friendly and the cannoli was a yummy extra treat. They also make tea and lemonades in mason jars...love love love. Cant wait to go back and try everything else on the menu. So glad we found a new neighborhood pizza spot! Oh and they have pizza by the slice!!
5	My new favorite pizza joint in Vegas! Fantastic fresh toppings, the best dough I've  had in memory and delicious cannoli. For lunch I had a monster slice of the veggie with Gio's salad. The roasted veggies were perfect! I am already planning my next order...the hard core old school!
4	I really wanted to try this place since they use a sour dough culture rather than conventional yeast, it takes few days to prep the dough. I liked the restaurant it had communal tables. It also seemed like they use farm to table ingredients, I saw that they use free rage chicken for their roast chicken. So your order at the counter and then they bring the food to you. They have daily specials and the day I went they had the porchetta sandwich. It was $10 and for those don't know what it is I will explain. Porchetta is the whole pork belly with meat rolled with Italian herbs and spices then string tied and roasted till the meat is tender. It's an amazing piece of pork and hard to find. I have been longing to try this dish for a long time since I had seen it on food network. Definitely did not disappoint. They give it to you on a wooden cutting board with some au ju dip  that sandwich and it's so good. I enjoyed it more than the pizza. The bread was made in house, even though they use a sour dough culture the bread is chewy but very light and airy. Now the pizza it was good but I like that they gave you some house made ranch dressing to dip the crust which is tasty. I also had one of their salads the gio it was okay. Finally I tried their house made canoli which was good. Over all I had a good experience and definitely going back. The porchetta is only available on Wednesday as a special. Want to try the chicken next time.
5	This place is no joke. Food is prepared right in front of you and it's all fresh ingredients.  Atmosphere is great and the employees are engaged to provide service. I had the classic combo with a side of garlic rosemary bred knots. Outstanding.  They even came around with fresh cut prosciutto to sample. Definitely recommend
4	I am always in search of a good pie. I have had this bookmarked for well over a year. It might even have been longer. Every time I was on this side of town; it was on a Sunday, and lucky me, they were closed.Well, fate has finally worked in my favor! A Saturday at the movies gave us plenty of time to grab a slice of pizza. Yes, a slice runs a little over $4. Yet it is the size of my face! The first time I tried them, we got a regular cheese pizza. It was fantastic. The blend of cheeses gave the pie the right amount of salt. The crust was good enough to eat on its own or to use their crack "ranch". I am not even a fan of ranch and I liked it.Since then I've tried the Las Vegas to Italy and the Three Cheese Pesto. Both are flavorful, but a simple pie is all that you need. Their mushroom and sausage is up there on my favorites. Good thing a friend works up there. It is totally worth bribing him with alcohol to bring down here.
5	If you are looking for pizza that's delicious and more on the gourmet side then this is the place for you! The seating are is very clean and looks friendly and cozy. I like that you can see them making your food and that everything is fresh and tasty. You can tell they take time putting thought into their menu and it shows. I will go there many more times and encourage everyone to try them out. Their side salads  with garlic creamy dressing are wonderful because they aren't just bagged salad. Their pizza by the slice is like NYC pizza and customizable.
5	Best pizza in Vegas.  It smells like an East Coast Italian restaurant!!  I will be back to try other items on the menu.  Had to get the pizza again!
5	I am going to give 5 start to keep that rating a 4.5 or more! They are not exactly a 5, but not 4..4.5 is where the place should be! Great crust, great salad, great ranch, great service and a great atmosphere of a non corporate pizza parlor! The only place in Vegas that is in any league with Grimaldi's and you can get it by the (MASSIVE) Slice!
5	I can't believe we have overlooked this place the entire time we lived in North Vegas. I had always seen this place on the corner of an awful little business building, and never once went in. I wish I had A LOT sooner....WOW!!!The food here is beyond authentic. Everything is fresh, and the menu offers a lot of choices with most ingredients being organic, everything is homemade. Very reasonably priced and great portions. Love the "old school" feel of this place. We love the pizzas (both whole pies and by the slice) the salads, and the neat fresh lemonade they serve in canning jars. Fresh pizza dough and bread....YUM!We have been back several times since discovering this place on a whim....The staff here is gracious, friendly and very customer service oriented. Every single one of them. Absolutely impressed every time. Anytime we are in North Vegas, this is our spot. My highest recommendation, it's great on every level!!!!!  :)
1	Really disappointed!  We have been here before and the food was great.  Unfortunately, we did not have the same experience this time.   We ordered a pizza, two calzones, and three canolis.  The cook dropped one of the calzones so we had to wait for him to cook another.  I totally understand that mistakes happen, but they did nothing to rectify the error.  We were starving and bad to wait another 20 minutes for a new calzone.   In the meantime...... Our other calzone and pizza sat.  So - by the time we got home the pizza was burnt, presumably from sitting on the top of the pizza oven and the calzone was soggy and cold.  BAD!  Additionally, the canoli cream was watery and ran out of the shell.  The guy told us it was because it was just made but I have made canolis and the cream shouldn't need to set -  not sure why that was?   Overall, just disappointed.  For $50 worth of pizza, it was not good.
5	Not only the best pizza in town but the best service. Josh and D and Dwayne were fantastic! They let my friend and I taste some of the house made cured meats. Now I just need to make it in on a Wednesday for their house made porchetta.
2	Horribly rude staff. They lost my order, denied ever receiving it until I showed them the confirmation I received on my phone. When they realized they were wrong they scrambled to try and make it right which was ok, still took 90 minutes to get my order (only 10 minutes to actually cook the pizza, wtf?) garlic knots were soggy and had a weird tinge to the taste. The pizza was alright but the headache to complete an order with them and being treated poorly just isn't worth it. I don't think I'll be making the trip again.
5	We have been here on two occasions, and if it were a little bit of a jaunt from our house - we would be here every week! The first visit we tried the Vegas Meets Italy, which was fantastic! Smoked provolone, pistachios, ricotta, prosciutto, date cream sauce - delicious! We also got the to-die-for garlic rosemary knots, and I got a salad with their delicious mascarpone ranch dressing. Most recently we couldn't decide what to order, (besides the garlic rosemary knots) and the gentleman taking orders suggested the Pork Reigns. I was hesitant, as it had salami and pork jowl, two things I have convinced myself I would hate. He assured me that it was delicious, his favorite, and that pork jowl wasn't where I thought it was located - it's a cut from the neck and shoulder, not what I refer to as my pork jowls when I grab my double chin. I am so glad I listened to him because the Pork Reigns certainly reigned supreme on our pallets!! The crust is perfectly chewy without being tough, and despite a plethora of pork bounty and cheese, the pizza was not the least big greasy. Our only dilemma here is what to order next time, and who gets the roasted cloves of garlic from the garlic knots?!
5	Best pizza I've ever had! The ingredients are fresh and everything is made in that kitchen, not brought in already prepped. I go here whenever I have a pizza craving. Staff is so nice and friendly. Love the atmosphere too. Recommend this place to everyone I meet.
5	OMG.  Authentic, Italian style pizza.  This place is incredible- even better than the pizza I had in Italy! I ordered a slice of the veggie- fresh heirloom tomatoes, kalamata olives, spinach, and giant cloves of garlic. Had that perfect thin, crunchy crust that I Love so very much. $8 for the slice but HUGE and well worth it! Great service and incredibly fresh ingredients.  This is the best pizza i've ever had.  Without a doubt...I will most definitely be back very soon! Can't wait to try their salads.
5	Living in Vegas for 3 months now, thought it was a pizza wasteland  Until we walked into Old School Pizza. Best pizza my wife and I have had in years. My wife almost cried because it reminded her of her Italian  grandmothers cooking. Thank you Old School!
2	The crust wasnt the best.  It was like bubble gum. They didnt put any chicken on my pizza. It was basically a chesse pizza with olives. Mine you I order 3 toppings.  I can say they do put a nice amount of sauce on there pizzas. But next time im hungry ill get chipotles or my usual dominoes pizza. I wish that had chicago style pizza in las vegas. Home run inn would be blazing right now.
5	Tired of ordinary store front pizza or questionable pizza from the national chains Old School Pizza is the perfect place to jump off from the bandwagon.  The slice of Anchovies spinach olives and egg was delicious.  Great service and atmosphere.   The cannoli was perfect.  Right across from the Cannery.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I'm a fan of Chicago style pizza so wasn't sure if I'd like this because it looks like NY style, but I couldn't be further from the truth.  They cook everything in house and is so amazing it deserves it's own category.  Their service is just as good and their homemade ranch is unbeatable.
5	Great quality! Foodies dream!! We get different stuff each time and never disappointed! Still love this place and the awesome vibe!
4	Review yesterday was ambiguous so here's a clarification... Pizza and service was excellent... Fresh toppings and can see most of kitchen which is clean.... Have had garlic knots and the octopus salad (both great)...however this is not the "cheap pizza night" place...it is definitely worth the money and a great dinner...but u get what u pay for here...2 large pizzas was $60...
4	After hearing all the positives about Old School Pizzeria I set off on the 7 mile drive from my office in hopes that I would find that elusive thin crust pizza quality I grew up with back east.You enter the strip mall encased pizzeria and it is like walking into an italian pizza shop.  Rustic breads line a shelf behind the smallish counter.   The benches are stained wood.  The smell of fired crust seeps out of the ovens.  OSP uses only natural leavening ingredients in their crust and avoids artificial ingredients like Xanthan Gum.  This means if you think you need Gluten Free products, don't go to OSP.  (See their website blog for their discussion of Gluten Free).Blackboards hang on the wall with brain teasers and messages.  In addition to the garlic knots and breads, empty Cannoli shells are piled high. The counter is made of a stone slab with chalk outlines of pizza.  A slice is drawn on the counter so you can see the size of the slice you are getting.  The staff is very friendly and willing to explain the process.  On the counter is a paper with specials.  I opted for a monster slice (smallest size) and a stuffed chicken wing.I can't tell you what I expected from stuffed chicken wing but the description of a deboned chicken wing stuffed with sausage sounded good.  A part of me feared getting a chicken nugget with a hot dog sticking out but if we don't try new things, we cannot be pleasantly surprised. Well, pleasantly surprised is not strong enough to describe how happy I was with the wing.  It was a large wing with a small part of the bone left in as a "handle".  The sausage stuffing was worth the extra wait while it was stuffed and cooked.  I could have eaten a dozen of these tender bites of delight.  I could have done without the bits of pistachio or pistachio similar substance, although it isn't a negative, I didn't think it added to it.  (for those with nut allergies be forewarned, the nuts are not mentioned in the description).  The sauce was light and flavorful but did not overpower the wonderful chicken taste with a slightly crisp skin that gave way to the italian sausage.The pizza was flat with a crisp bottom crust and very fresh ingredients on top.  I had the homemade meatballs as my topping.  These meatballs appear to be cooked with love and care and are not too dense.  OSP doesn't skimp on the topping either so this one large slice was more than filling.  The sauce is sweet but the pizza could have used a bit more flavor.  Also, while I could definitely taste the quality of the crust, there was a slight burnt aftertaste to the thinner parts.  I did enjoy the thicker outer crust portion however.For dessert, I opted for a cannoli.  I won't eat Cannoli's that are prestuffed for two reasons.  1) you never know how long ago they were stuffed and the filling is usually made of ingredients that have short shelf lives and 2) the shell becomes soggy.  OSP does it old school, filling the cannoli only after you order it and you can watch them do it.  It tastes as good as it sounds.I also enjoyed the tea. They have jar's of unsweetened tropical tea and rosemary lemonade.  You pay for the tea and the jar the first time, then you keep the jar and if you bring it back the next time, your tea is 1.50 cheaper.  If you don't the jar is perfectly usable to package tea, preserves, or other items if you want to.  The tea tastes great too.Finally, a shout out to the staff and owner(s?).  Everyone in the place was friendly and truly cared about what they were doing.  Although you can expect your pizza to take a bit longer here, you know it is because they are making sure your fresh ingredients are properly made, placed and cooked thoroughly.The website offers some interesting cooking tips and blogs and games   The last event was October 2013 so I hope they post a new one soon.Looking forward to doing it old school soon. (I have to, I bought the tea jar. )
5	Ate there last night and it was great! Monster slice and salad was plenty to fill me up. The roasted garlic was awesome!
5	Visiting from So. Cal and decided to stop in and have some dinner. First off the staff is very friendly. The place is clean & nicely decorated. The pizza and garlic knots were so yummy. You can definitely tell they use fresh ingredients, the dough was fantastic. Hope to visit again on a future visit.
5	this IS the best pizza in las vegas. Hard to think this place is just down my office and i have always passed by almost everyday. no fuss menu and owners that are really passionate on their pizza. give this a try, you will not be disappointet
5	Anytime I see four and a half stars; I'm skeptical. In my opinion very few restaurants deserve four and a half stars with 200+ reviews.  I often find that establishments with these numbers have a local cultish following which over rate the food.  This restaurant deserves every one of the five stars.  The crust is amazingly crispy on the outside and sourdough chewy on the inside. The ingredients are chef quality.  The atmosphere and music is downright cool.  This is no run-of-the-mill ma and pa pizza shop, but a chef inspired gem.
5	Been here 3 times now and not once have a been disappointed!  The veggie pizza-Wow! Their home made dough- moist and yummy. The cheese- its cheesetastic!  And their olives.. watch out now- they're not your regular black olives. Zucchini,  cloves of garlic,  yellow tomatos.. made my veggie pizza out of this world. Also too i want to personally thank the chef and his staff for the complimentary ranch (also VERY YUMMY) dressing not only do i get one but i get two sides of ranch. Some pizza places dont even sell ranch. That's craziness but the only thing crazy about this place is how spicy the Italian sausage is.
5	First off: I don't like pizza. I was a delivery driver for a year and that turned me off to most pizzas forever. I hate going out to pizza places because they all taste the same to me. So how did I end up going to Old School? It was not by choice, but I'm SO glad I happened to try it by chance. Their pizza absolutely does not taste "the same" as any other pizza place I've ever tried. The number one complaint I have about pizza joints is the crust. Well, Old School makes their crust themselves and it is perfectly balanced: crispy, light, flavorful, a hint of sourdough. I had the veggie monster slice and Gio's salad. The veggie was filling, healthy, and the best part was that the variety of toppings made every bite slightly different, yet no ingredients ever clashed with each other. Gio's salad was similar to a caprese but the addition of fennel elevated it to a complex level. I added just a tad of the garlic mascarpone sauce, but the salad hardly needed any help.My dining companion and I both strongly agreed that we will be going back to Old School soon... which is quite a shock for me, since I don't like pizza!
4	The food was excellent. We came here after reading an article about it online. It is on the complete opposite side of town we live in, but well worth the drive. If they had beer or wine, it would have earned the fifth star. The staff was very friendly and personable.
5	We ordered over the phone .. they told us 15 mins .. we got there within 20 mins. .. upon arriving about 8:00 pm we didn't walk out with our pie for about 30 more mins ( LG sausage, shredded chicken,  and roasted garlic ) let me tell you,  they closed their doors at about 8:25 (35 mins earlier than closing) and I witnessed 4 people coming to the door mad as a hornet they couldn't get in.   Want to understand their frustration?  Let me start by saying their dough is hand made.  The sausage is prepared in house , so fresh you can taste it. The shredded chicken was juicy , and the roasted garlic was cooked just right! I'd be mad too had I not made it on time! The pizza pie was damn good!   To be honest , they can close their doors whenever they like. They got it like that. Just be sure you order plenty ahead of time. They have families and want to go home just like us.   I will be back ... and I will try the garlic knots I forgot to order !
5	I'm writing this review maybe a week after my visit,  so apologies if it isn't very detailed. Their pizza is DELICIOUS. My friend and I ordered they're biggest pizza (OMG size) with cannolis and idk which I liked better. Usually I'm disappointed when I get cannolis from pizzerias but these were the best I've ever had. The storefront is beautiful and has a real pizzeria vibe. Their tropical tea is great as well! I'm surprised I've never tried this place or heard of it before! I'll definitely be going back to try other items on the menu (and of course, more pizza).
5	Driving from Utah to Los Angeles and needed a place to eat. The yelp reviews were right on!!! The food was excellent and guys were very friendly. Definitely hitting this place up the next time in Vegas.
5	The pizza here was delicious!!! It took around 15 mins to get our pizza because they make the pizza dough right before our eyes!!! We also tried the cannoli's .. They were delicious as well!! I will recommend this place to anyone who likes homemade pizza!
4	I give this place 4 stars easy. They're pork pizza is rich and flavorful and they offer a huge size which is great for kids and parties.  Their mushrooms and topping seem super fresh and the garlic marscapone is icing on the cake.  I've been here at least 4 times and will keep coming back, it's even worth the drive for a nice date nite or lunch date.
3	Great service, delicious cannoli's, great pizza crust!  Place is a little small and it gets busy.
3	Pizza was really good when they first opened, the staff is really friendly and the toppings are fresh but the pizza was really greasy and floppy.
5	One of my favorite places to eat!! Service is always friendly and food is amazing. I always look forward to their pizza.
5	This is the real deal Italian restaurant with real Italians, more than pizza! I do love their pizza too get it by slice (huge) good deal! Chicken is so good with roasted garlic potatoes, and macaroni & cheese is the best in Vegas! It is always hard to find a place with good salad, but they put this amazing aged cheese on their salad you can really taste difference. Good Eats!
5	Stumbled upon this place when looking for some new pizza in north Las Vegas.  The ingredients taste so fresh and their crust is out of this world.  This is a just whenever I have friends visit me in town. Hands down best pizza in Vegas.
5	Old School has great pizza the sour dough crust and home made rosemary lemonade is addicting. The customer service is unbelievable, fast if you are not sure of what you want just tell the chef and he will tell what your having, I love it. The garlic knots and the crazy chicken are to die for...  I have sent many of guest to this palace of pizza. All who come from California and New York they agree with the great flavors and authentic yummy goodness.... Keep up the great work guys chef gio is the best...
5	Super busy Saturday night! So happy the bf and I decided to get food to go. Also incredibly happy that my favorite pizza place was packed! This trip to Old School we decided to try all new things. We ordered the five cheese Mac and cheese, the pork reigns calzone and the Mary's chicken. As always everything was AMAZING! Their Mac and cheese is now officially my favorite ever (and I make a damn good Mac and cheese). The pork reigns calzone was delicious. I prefer it as a calzone over the pizza...maybe because of the addition of ricotta. Mary's chicken was finger lickin' good with some tasty potatoes and stuffing. Overall another satisfying meal.
5	I can honestly say that since eating at Old School Pizzeria, this is why I cannot bring myself to give other pizza joints a 5 star rating. This is the pizza by which all others are compared. (in L.V. at least)Pizza crust is light and crispy, sauce is delicious, ingredients are fresh... I haven't found a single thing that they could improve upon. Oh, and the garlic knots... the best I have tasted.I hear the other food is good as well but I just can't get past the pizza to give anything else a try.My only complaint - They are closed on Sunday and yes, today is Sunday damn it!
5	My boyfriend and I had this for dinner last night and it was one of the best pizzas we have had! We got a large (which looks like an XL) vegetarian and garlic rosemary knots, it was delicious. Definitely will eat here again.
5	Yum!I'll keep this brief and say that I placed an order online, which was relatively straightforward and painless. I ordered the "OMG" size of a custom pizza, and the name is apt - I had no idea it would be so large! Prices were reasonable, pizza was delicious (the best I've had since leaving my native New York, actually), and the staff was friendly. Garlic knots were not the ambrosia that other reviews claimed they'd be, but those were good too. My only complaint would be that the order was not ready when I arrived to pick it up - the website promises that online orders will be ready in twenty minutes, but when I arrived at the projected pick-up time, the order hadn't even gone into the oven yet. All told, waited about fifteen minutes at the store. Not the biggest deal, especially since the quality is great.Will return again.
5	My new favorite pizza restaurant on the north side of Las Vegas. The ingredients are fresh, I love the music, and the employees are always friendly.  Its a small hole-in-the wall joint, with a small selection,  but the food is AWESOME!
3	Owner Giovanni emailed me, apologized for my experience and offered to refund any overcharge.  He obviously cares very much about his business and his customers.  I don't want a refund but do appreciate that he took the time to reach out.  This is not your average pizza joint.  Huge monster slices, grilled lemons in their lemonade, killer homemade ranch, awesome toppings: heirloom tomatoes, artisan salame, guanciale, pistachios, dates, want garlic?  It's not minced, they use whole cloves.  Pizza was excellent.  So why the 3 stars?  They messed up my order twice and I think overcharged me.  That or they are waaay over priced.  I wasn't given a receipt so I am not sure.  We came in for a quick bite before going to the movies.  I got the Monster Slice (with 4 toppings) and Knots special and my friend got a 1/2 order of knots.  We both got drinks.  Our total?  $36!  Yikes.  Nice older guy helped us at the counter.  He had a little trouble with the POS system and adding my extra toppings.  I got pepperoni, mushrooms, olives and garlic.  When our food came out my slice only had pepperoni.  I asked if I was charged for the other toppings I ordered and said if I wasn't I would just keep the pepperoni, no biggie.  They were super nice about it, checked and I was charged so they made me a new slice to go and gave me the plain pepperoni on the house.  Only problem that slice was wrong too.  Instead of olives they put onions.  I didn't say anything, they were so nice and wasn't going to have them make me another slice.  We shared a Grilled Rosemary Lemonade and Passion Iced Tea.  The drinks come in mason jars.  He didn't mention it and we weren't sure if we could take or should leave them.  The jars are pretty big, we ended up leaving them and not finishing our drinks.  If I had known I paid extra for the jar I would have taken it.  I learned later they take $1.50 off when you return the jar.  So if you get the tea or lemonade, take the jar.  That shit is good.  Don't waste it.  I am not in this area often but OSP is worth the drive.  I'll be back to try their specialty pizzas and I'm sure update my review.
5	Just moved to town. Tried a handful of other places before finding this gem!!!!! The search is over. They know how to make pizza. Oh yeah their cannolis are amazing!!!!
5	Seriously this place does not mess around when it comes to great pizza. This is pizza to be savored. The best pizza I have ever had. It was a really great atmosphere, kinda romantic for mine and hubbies date night. The guy making our pizza was super friendly man can he make a good pizza. Totally worth your time and money, very delicious.
5	Oh man the pizza is delicious here! Fresh out of the oven when I got my order steam was just flying out the pizza as we cut it. The ingredients tasted very fresh and the customer service is pretty great too with complimentary dipping dressing. I loved the pizza and highly recommend and I will go back soon.
5	One of the top pizza places on Vegas! Perfect to eat there then go to cannery. The pizza has been perfect every time we go there as well as the garlic knots
5	There really isn't much about Las Vegas that I'm a fan of but this place is always a highlight. First off, garlic rosemary bread knots! Dang are these things good. Wonderful aroma, texture, flavor. Just an awesome way to start out your experience. Now for my next suggestion, ORDER ANYTHING AT ALL!!! It is all seriously delicious. A lot of people are big fans of Chicago style pizza because they feel they are getting more for your money. If you think that's the only pizza worth eating then you don't deserve to eat here. If pizza is this good, you don't need it served to you in a cake pan, 4 inches deep. Order any pizza they have, any of them, and you're gonna be blown away.Oh yeah the staff is super friendly. Very warm and welcoming. I appreciate that because in all honesty they could literally throw the pizza at me while cursing and yelling. It's that good. I'm glad they don't though, that way I don't have to make time to swallow my pride between the bread knots and my not thrown pizza.
5	What a gem! The cannoli is in my top three ever, easily one of the best you'll find. The cream has an absolute perfect construction and the cracker has just a pinch of heaven. Get a smaller meal and two cannoli, they're that good. Onto the calzone; I got meatball and my buddies got meatball/sausage/ham. There was no grease in the calzone! The highest quality mozzarella mixed with a perfect crust with just a little flour on the outside to cost your fingers! The pizza dipping sauce was on point and warm. The setting is quaint, seven or eight tables with a soda machine and a television. Great music and the kitchen is right there to watch the dough fly into the air. Great service and good prices on top of it all!
5	Oh My Goodness! I just ate the best Calzone ever! I was greeted with a rounding "hello" and loved the rustic decor with the chalkboard panels. I knew I wanted a calzone, just could not decide what to place in it. The friendly young man  at the counter suggested carmelized onions to complements the  chicken. We also added eggplant. Alll of that goodness made the car smell wonderful. I dug in to the calzone with rich mozzarella oozing out the sides. The tomato dipping sauce was the icing on the top! We are from New York, and miss real pizza. All of my east coasters this is the real deal! We also tried the rosemary garlic knots and cannolis. Equally as delicious. We will be back again!!!!
5	Outstanding pizza! Great service! A definite must if you're in the North Las Vegas area. All the pizzas are made before you're eyes to order. The bread knots are also incredible.
5	Amazing is all I really can say! Fresh ingredients, the best dough ever and don't forget the canollis! I've been going there for a while now and can't get enough. I work with a bunch of real Italians who showed me this place and they give it their stamp of approval. I visit at least one a week for their monster slice and knots. The only thing I don't like is rosemary on my knots but I just ask for it without so no big deal. It's a smaller place just across front the cannery. Don't be fooled by the outside, it's such a cute little place inside. You MUST try it!
4	Great pizza!  Definitely old school Italian style, the marinara is made with fresh tomatoes!  If you are partial to American style pizza, this place may not be for you.  Nice guys too.  I wish they had beer on tap but it's cool that they let you bring your own.  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
4	The only thing that stops me from giving this 5 stars is the small dining area that can sometimes get a little crowded while people wait for their pizza (whether dining in, or dining out), other than that...This is by far the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas so far! An original New York style pizzeria that meets the hype.  The ambiance is so relaxing with soft Italian music playing, the menu creatively decorated on a large chalkboard on the wall, along with the ability to watch their pizza maker make the pizzas.  It comes out with the most amazing, crispy crust, packed with amazing seasonings..really cooked to perfection!
5	Although this pizzeria is out in North town, the food should be the number one reason to trek here from other parts of the Valley. It's a small pizzeria tucked into a small strip mall next to an auto shop.Once you step inside you are in a world of pizza pies of olden days. As you approach the counter you are greeted by men working recklessly at their craft. If you arrive when they are busy, you will see the older men yelling at the younger ones, "Don't forget that cannoli!" "We've got more coming in!", and they all run about behind the counter in plain view. Definitely "old school". I placed an order for take out on their online ordering system (YES! I LOVE IT!). And when I arrived my pizza was nearly done. Also of note - the system will keep you updated via text message on the progress of your order. Ordered: One Large pizza (serves 3 - 4), with half ham, and half ham + hot peppers. An order of Garlic Rosemary Bread Knots, and One Cannoli. While I waited for my pizza I got a fountain drink, not long after the young man at the counter helped me out to my car and placed my order into my backseat for me.When the pizza arrived at my home it was beautiful! Perfectly cooked with a thin, crispy, and somewhat chewy crust. Really, it was just that perfection of pizza crust style. Tomato sauce and cheese melded in food harmony. The ham placed on top of the pie was plentiful, and the hot peppers (red and yellow) were fresh and gave my part of the pizza that extra kick I was looking for. Rosemary Garlic Bread Knots were unfathomably good for just being bread and some spices. The rosemary is the simple star here - changing regular old knots into a savory, aromatic eating experience.Last - I split the Canoli in half to share with my husband (what a nice wife I am!), and it had a flaky exterior and a creamy inside. Absolutely delicious! I wish only I had gotten two instead of the one. Well, now I know for next time!
4	Amazing pizza, great quality! From the same family that owns Nora's Italian here in town. Drop by and grab a slice, but not during dinner Friday or Saturday, they get backed up with to-go orders. Grab a cannoli too, they're awesome!
5	LOVE love love it here. It's a lil rustic country inside with benches and chalkboard walls. The pizzas are fresh so it takes just a little bit, but it's worth the wait. The garlic knots are a must!
5	The pepperoni pizza is seriously bombin good. But the garlic knots and sauce, best I've ever had. I could probably just go for a Large order of those and call it good. Super nice owner/chef that cares about your experience at Old School Pizza.
5	We had the pesto five cheese and it was really good. After eating half of it the person I think was the owner came to our table and said he had another pizza in the oven for us because the one he gave us was over cooked. The first pizza was good; I just thought it was a little crispy but nothing wrong with it. You can tell that they only want to serve the best food they can make. I can't say anything bad about the place.
4	The pies and salads are delicious and I appreciate that the ingredients are fresh. In addition, each order is prepared when ordered and not just sitting around getting stale and old. However this poses a problem when the place is packed. Last time we went in each table was full and there was a line going out the door. The tables were dirty, silverware, lids and condiments were un-stocked and it took almost a half hour to even receive our salad. They were overwhelmed and short-staffed and it showed.I must say that I've noticed a change since the first time we dined in about six months ago. At that time the owner was still cooking and it seemed as though there was more attention to detail. As long as the food remains delish, we will continue to choose them over any other local pizzeria. Let's keep our fingers crossed; North Las Vegas has been lacking in the good food arena for way too long.
4	Pizza was GREAT!  Atmosphere is okay - but, hey, you're in North Las Vegas across from the Cannery in a strip mall.  What do you expect? This is a REALLY small place.  Maybe 20 seats... a couple of tables against the front window and a couple more along the side. Not comfortable seats.Not really happy with the plastic bag tablecloths that were neither cleaned off or changed between customers. And, not too happy about the silverware sitting on the table in a cleaned out huge tomato can.  What bothered me the most was that when the pizza came out of the oven it was set on the same counter you order from to be brought to your table.  Not necessarily a big deal, you say?  Well it is if someone is standing there about to order.  My husband pushed passed someone on line to get the pizza as she approached to breath all over it and smack her purse down on the counter right next to it.  YUCK. The guy came out of the back yelling he would get it and bring it to the table, but really, guys?  C'mon.  Carry it around through the back.  No one wants everybody waiting to order breathing all over their pizza. (If not for these issues I would have given it 5 stars.)All that aside, pizza is GREAT!... Not thing stiff, NY style, but delious sauce and cheese.  Fantastic crust. Made fresh to order.They have take out, but I suggest you go eat it there.  My husband brought it home once and it just wasn't the same
5	We stopped here for dinner at around 7pm on Christmas Eve.  It was the only non-chain place we could find open on the North side of town. We were soooo glad we found it!For three of us, we ordered the large Gio salad ($8.99) and a large pizza ($20.75) with one half caramelized onions and roasted bell peppers and the other half house-made sausage and black olives.The salad was absolutely yummy, and the perfect appetizer before pizza.  The Gio consists of Tomato, fennel, cucumber, onion, fresh mozzarella and a very good house-made vinaigrette.  I've never had a salad quite like it.  It was very fresh, and a wonderful combination of flavors.  I could have eaten a large one of these myself and just called it a night.On to the pizza.  I don't usually gush about pizza, but I feel obliged to make an exception.  This pie is really special.  First, the crust is absolutely the best I've ever tasted.  It's a sourdough recipe and cooked to absolute perfection.  It's light, fluffy and wonderfully crispy in all the right places with just the right amount of chewiness.  The toppings were sublime.  I'm a vegetarian, but I snuck a little bite of the house-made sausage and it was quite superb.  The caramelized onions and roasted peppers were extremely flavorful.  The olives and fresh mozzarella were very high quality.Service was excellent.  The man we ordered from was very friendly.  Salad arrived within just a few minutes and the pizza very soon after we finished the salad.  Price was very good for this high quality food.  Total for 3 was $36.97 including tax and tip.  They use Square for checkout, so you get a nice emailed receipt within seconds of purchase.We arrived very hungry, and the salad and the large pizza provided us with plenty of food.  You could probably stretch it to four people and you'd have room for dessert.This is an excellent little place to get some seriously high quality pie.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  If we're ever back in Vegas, we'll be sure to stop by.Thank you!
5	If it was possible, i'd give this place 10 stars. Hands down, the best pizza I've had thus far! This place seems pretty much like a hole in the wall and though it took awhile for our food to come out, i felt like it was well worth it. I ordered the monster slice and added bacon, ham, tomatoes, and garlic as my toppings. You could just tell everything was fresh and made from scratch. Even the side of ranch was a perfect addition to this slice of heaven. Wish we had a place like this closer to where we live
5	I have been on the hunt for GREAT pizza since moving to vegas. Not good pizza, not ok pizza... GREAT pizza. I think i finally found it in these guys. simply perfect and fresh. only down side of me is its far from my house. but absolutely worth the drive. probably better that its farther - otherwise i would gain 400 lbs eating here 4 nights a week :)
