5	Great guys, great food. Plus right next to one of my favorite bars..
5	This location has been many different restaurants over the years - this is a tough spot. This is my favorite thing it's been though. The food is great here and the owner is cool. The prices are really reasonable and the portions are large. The place is really clean and the decor is nice. Everything is cooked in plain sight, so there's no mystery. My only complaint would be that he doesn't deliver yet. We definitely need a good gyro place that delivers in the area.Seriously though - the food is really delicious. If you like flavors - it's all really flavorful. Great hummus too. Try the pizza puff.
5	WOW. I am sitting here with a full belly, absolutely impressed with the meal I just had. Fresh, flavorful and not too heavy. If I hadn't eaten like a million of the french fries, it would probably pass as healthy.The owner was really nice and my to-go order was up quickly. It's right next to British Open Pub, so I can see a few post-drink meals happening in my future! Oh, the hummus was AMAZING. When I saw it I expected it to be a little gritty and bland, but it was anything but. It has a great flavor but not too lemony or garlicy. Can't put my finger on exactly what is so awesome about it, but it is. Actually, even now as I'm as uncomfortably full as I am, I'm thinking about having another bite of it...
5	This neighborhood niche is one of my favorite local restaurants. Give this place a shot people... Good guys...great food..!
4	This place has great salads! Right next to SkySong in the Papago Plaza is George's Gyros. You will find two cases fridge with a variety of waters, specialty drinks and greek yogurt drinks! Check out their menu of gyros, salads and more! My favorite is the chicken salad.  I can't wat to try the desserts. Reasonably priced place for FRESH food. Low calorie but yum. Great for lunch and dinner. Quick. Next to Britsh Open Pub on the South West corner of Scottsdale Rd.
5	Great Service - super nice guy at the counter.Gyro Meat - AMAZING! Lots of meet in the PitaLocation - GoodAtmophere- SO SoI would hit this place up for take out!
4	Good gyros, clean and friendly staff.
5	George's is nothing short of incredible. The original gyro is loaded with tender gyro meat and the right amount of Tzatziki sauce (yogurt and cucumber are the main ingredients) and reasonably priced. On occasion you can grab it at $5 but even at the normal price of $6.25 it's a bargain. It comes with fries or salad. If you're adventurous, you can choose from variations of the original including a Philly Gyro. The service is super friendly and helpful. The guy who prepares your sandwich evens delivers it to your table with a smile. The place is a little challenging to find. It's on the back end of the Papago Plaza sandwiched between some vacant stores and a barber shop but worth the search!
5	So amazing! Probably the closest thing to an authentic Greek gyro i have had since I moved back from Greece a year ago. Kalo!!
4	Not to be confused by the George's Gyros on Mckellips and Miller.  This location is definitely a bar above that one.The restaurant itself is very clean, air conditioned, and pleasant to be inside.  TV's are present to keep you entertained while you dine-in, or wait for your take-out order.  It was a little hard to find, as it's on the backside of Papago Plaza, I didn't even know this place was there until I found myself lost, and starving.The food is pretty standard Greek food.  Delicious gyros, greek salad, etc., more often than not delivered by a Greek god of an owner.  It's nearly worth going to this place just to see him.
5	We love this place!  I work at ASU Skysong and my coworkers and I frequent this shop for lunch.  The service is always great, the food is good and the baklava is to die for!  We also have them cater for our office on occasion and they have never disappointed.  Definitely a good place to check out.
5	I work near by (2 minute walking distance) and come here often. If you are a first timer, try the original gyro with fries (or salad). You will not be dissappointed. Have also tried their chicken pita, specifically the chicken hani pita and it was excellent. Love the salad they give on the side with every Pita dish.Place is clean. Staff is very friendly. Two Large screen TVs. Cannot go wrong for the price. Highly recommended.
5	Fantastic!!!!!  Grilled chicken pitta and gyro picante ordered with salads absolutely great loads of flavor great portion size and great value. Defiantly become a regular haunt. Staff were so helpful and happy great to chat with while waiting for the awesome food
5	Very yummy chicken pita:) clean and great  friendly service
5	No complaints about this Gyro joint tucked away deep in the Papago Plaza corner. It is a smaller place, but tidy and about six tables. I usually go for the Chicken pita as long as its white meat and this pita delivered. The freshly grilled pita was loaded with lots of chicken, fresh red onions and tomatoes. You can request lettuce also. Choice of side salad or fries. The side salad was workable with some feta, onions, only 1 olive though (not Kalamata) and a big side of Italian dressing that was bursting with good spices and flavor. Great deal at anytime for $6.95 and the register girl certainly is eye candy as well. Good hire and of course the key to any greek place is the Tzatiki sauce, which was thick and tasted like it should. Will be back.
5	Best place in the valley for a gyro or Greek salad. The gyro picado is my favorite. Always made perfectly, fresh and juicy. The restaurant is clean and the staff is always friendly. They have other locations which are equally great.
4	Based on yelp reviews we gave George's a try. I have never seen so much meat on a gyro. Yummo. For under $7 we left full and very happy. We will be back.
3	Not the best chicken. It appears to be pre-cut chicken strips and they are not marinated well or seasoned. Edible, but not the best chicken that could be used. Side salad is kinda tiny as well with hardly any feta cheese present in a greek salad. Plus the pita did not hold up well to-go. It steamed itself in the plastic and came out steamed, wet and clammy. Second time not the charm.
4	Can't go wrong with the Gyro Salad or the Picado Gyro!!
5	So delicious! Fresh grilled chicken and yummy salad! Owner is very attractive too :) should be open on Sundays though!
4	Awesome food. Well priced and great service.
4	One of the better hummuses I've had in AZ and the gyros are delicious. The prices are reasonable as well.
5	Love the food here, this is our go to place  for lunch or fast take out dinner. Do not get this place confused with Georges on McKellips  and Miller with failing health inspections.
5	I love a good Gyro and this place makes them AMAZING! I ordered a traditional Gyro to go and was out the door in less than 5 minutes (good for my lunch break). I plan on going again for lunch today!
5	Rock-solid new design. The Chipotle of gyros in Scottsdale. Highly recommend the Picado!
4	some of the best hummus i've had in a long time! the remodel (from the previous gyro restaurant) is gorgeous. no more of the ubiquitous blue & white "greek" theme. i also had a greek salad with chicken & it was delicious as well. i will go back for more.
5	Mika's was great! Not only the food was great and very reasonable, staff is friendly and knowledgable about everything on the menu. The owner is right there in the front  talking to the customers, I will definately be back!
4	This is a medium size greek restaurant on the side of Papago Plaza - I wish it was at a more visible location. This year they renovated their place and improved their menu.I come here twice or thrice a week for lunch as it closest and best place to eat near my workplace.  Even though I prefer eating at home, it is not always feasible, so Mika comes to my rescue.I do feel that their food has too much of sodium, atleast more than what should be there is a healthy food. I know that high sodium content in food is a problem all across US, but it doesn't hurt expecting from a place you eat out a lot.
4	Great food! Awesome service! But above all, one of the cleanest restaurants I've ever been to. I would recommend this restaurant in a heart beat.
5	Great food! Great atmosphere! And great staff! 5 stars is an understatement. I would recommend this place to everyone!!! Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!!
5	Beautiful place, very modern and classic. Super sweet staff...Awesome hidden gem in this area:)
5	Best Gyro I've had in years.  Tatziki (sp?) is PHENOMENAL.  I wish they sold it in jars.
4	Best gyro meat I've ever tasted, plus the owner has an infectious smile!
4	Don't judge a book by its cover, considering this is in Papago Plaza. Mikas Greek is very nice inside, with a modern twist. The food is always fresh and the customer service is on point.
5	Excellent.  Clean great place and great food
5	Very good, fresh salad. Chicken perfectly spiced.
5	Went here after a couple of months. The place is now almost 2-3 times bigger. Very clean. The waiters are very nice and orders come up really fast. Ordered the falafel pita sandwich and it was really good. Would definitely recommend this for a quick greek lunch :)
5	Simply wonderful & delicious. Our first experience was great. The staff is friendly, the building is clean & modern and the food was delicious. We ordered the chicken platter and gyro platter- each come with two sides of your choice so we got 2 salads, rice and gyro fries for our sides! Yum! If you're a big soda drinker, they have the Coca-Cola Freestyle drink machine with 100+ different sodas and flavor combos. I rarely order a drink and I had to get one just to try it. Vanilla Rootbeer and Vanilla Gingerale- yes please! We just moved to this side of town and I can't wait to go back again :)
4	Mika's serves up quick, fresh, flavorful Greek food that you can take to go or eat in.All food is made fresh to order.  The wait time for your food is normally 2-5 minutes depending on what you get, but when in rush, you can call an order in ahead of time.They make everything from salads to gyros to full meals.The prices are reasonable.Its a great place for lunch or a simple dinner.The restaurant is well maintained, modern, and very comfortable, but not easily spotted from N. Scottsdale Road.  They also offer free Wi-Fi.This is my "go-to" place for something quick, tasty, and fairly healthy.Check it out!
4	This place is fantastic! Scottsdale needed a good, fresh Greek place that wasn't run by a bunch of dodgy characters. Love the atmosphere but nothing tops the food. Healthy, fresh & delicious!
5	First time here and will definitely be back! I had the original Picato and it was FANTASTIC!!!! The place was very clean and the staff was well versed on the menu and very friendly and helpful! Can't wait to come back and try something else!!
1	The food was absolutely delicious.....the customer service definitely sucked and because of that, we will not be coming back. Drive by this place every day after work and decided to give it a try and bring my boyfriend and his mother. It was our first time and we were trying to figure the menu and the side choices and we were basically treated like idiots. No assistance from the girl working the register, she just looked at us with a blank stare and when we asked questions she was very short and didn't explain anything. No lunch rush either so it's not like we were holding anyone up. We finished our order and paid and for some stupid reason we also gave a tip. Once our food was delivered we never saw an employee again. No one ever asked us if we needed anything or how our food was.  If you can put up with the shitty service def go for the food....amazing!
5	This place is great. Highly recommend. Delicious food, great service and comfortable atmosphere.
3	From the parking lot it looked clean. I went in around six PM.There was a customer in a booth.I orderedthe souvlaki plater with rice and greek salad and a lentil soup. when it was served I took picture. It smelled great.The soup was almost flavorlessand the platterwas neither good nor bad. You order at the counter and I left a decent tip prior to seating myself. I do not understand if new to a small restaurant why they neither talk to you ask how the meal is or say goodbye. The extent of talk was asking if was okaywith dishes being taken as I was getting up to leave.When I go to a greek place two minutes drive I am always asked how the meal is.
5	I'll keep it short and simple: food is GREAT, cool ambiance, and they have a Coke Freestyle soda machine to top it off!
5	An out of town friend and I stopped here today on our way to the Desert Botanical Gardens.CleanFriendly StaffQuick ServiceReally Yummy Food!Thanks!
5	AMAZING! Awesome staff. Food was fresh and delicious and fast. I am right up the street from this place and I am happy that I can walk here and get good foods. Mediterranean pita and Greek fries! Do it!
2	I was in the area looking to kill sometime and grab a quick bite. When i stopped in and the place looked cute! Clean, nice staff, and the Menu looked pretty good.  i ordered the veggie souvlaki, and For $8 i would have expected more veggies than taziki sauce. It was basically dipping pita bread in taziki sauce and have maybe a small handful of chopped up veggies. I wont be coming back for the meal i had.
4	Very good and freshly prepared "quick food" Greek/Med food, clean modern space with nice seating. I just moved into the neighborhood and was delighted to find Mika's...and find is the key word.  It is located in the Papago Plaza strip mall ( abit of 1950's Pueblo Kitsch) and like pretty much all the businesses there has no road signage.  It is on the southwestern side of the mall on the Scottsdale Road side.  Worth looking for!
5	Yum! So Fresh and delicious! The greekumbers were so delicious, I'm addicted! So good! We had two gyros with a Greek salad, the were tasty, very flavorful! Will definitely be going back!
