4	As a UNLV student I am luckily entitled to discount health care on the UNLV campus in the Student Rec and Wellness Center. I don't have health insurance so when I do get sick, it really sucks but this place is the one who gets to take care of me since I pay the student health fees every semester. Here is what they offer for those who do not know:         * Physical exams    * Specialty services such as dermatology, gynecology, sports medicine, and nutrition    * Immunizations and vaccinations    * On-site medical lab    * Pharmacy servicesMy allergies finally got the best of me as I was completely incapacitated during my final exam for my Fitzgerald/Hemingway class. Not fun. Getting a walk-in appointment usually sucks, but calling ahead and getting one is a piece of cake. I made an appointment late in the afternoon. Since I had been here before, check-in was easy and I even got seen 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment because I got there a bit early.First you have someone to do the quick intake - weight, date of last lady time, blood pressure, temperature, and this time since my eyes were insanely swollen I got to do an eye chart reading as well. The doctor came in very quickly and asked me basic questions about my history with allergies, then looked at my eyes and ears. He said, "Wow, I wish I could take a picture of your eyes. You are the epitome for allergy eyes." Thanks doc, I'll put that on my dating profile if the boyfriend decides to split with me. Yeesh. All that aside, he prescribed me four - yes four medications. For my severe allergies, I needed them. He did say however that my eye drops might be pricey so they could be optional. There is no cost for doctor's visits so I went around the corner to the pharmacy. The pharmacists behind the counter were SHOCKED how expensive the other things he wanted me to get with the exception of one item for $8. The rest were priced at $98-130 - EACH. So needless to say I am just suffering with my damn allergies but I'm taking the $8 medication. The only problem with filling this prescription was that it was after 5 and their register was closed so I had to go back inside to check out, but that was not an issue. Overall I do love UNLV's health center. They have always been extremely professional and helpful and really do try for the most part not to screw you over as far as pricing. I have done testing and the like before and it is always quick and of low cost. UNLV's health care is so good that I have heard of a lot of people taking an audited 3 credit class because it is cheaper than health insurance and you get to use the health center as much as you'd like. If and when I am sick, this is the place to go
2	Nope. This place has always had the absolute worst service ever. One semester I went to get treated for this 'chest cold' that turned out to be pre-pneumonia after I got it checked out by a real doctor. Same thing happened to my suitmate's gf. She had it worse.My advice is, if you think it is worse than whatever it is they say it is, go get a second opinion.
4	The student health center at UNLV is a great place for all students to go when they are in need of basic clinical services or other things such as shots, regular health checkup's and basic questions regarding ones personal health. Being on student health insurance, they are my primary choice in terms of health care but if I need a referral, they are more then happy to provide me with one. Also, in terms of lab work, no need to go to Quest Diagnostics as they have their own lab facilities on site! Just schedule an appointment and head on in.
5	I am forever grateful to Dr. Gaal and his careful and skilled treatment of my laceration. This was no ordinary cut, let's just say bad enough for Clark County paramedics to say "whoa, that's bad". When medical professionals in Vegas tell me something's bad, I get concerned to say the least. I declined an ambulance and managed to drive myself over to campus without passing out.Now I will say that at the front desk it was a bit absurd that the first question the lady at the front dryly asked me is "am I registered for fall semester?"  Now that doesn't sound too horrible except when you consider the fact that my shirt and pants are all bloody and I'm bleeding through the patch I have on. She then goes on to tell me but it's still summer, and I'll have to pay $36 for the health fee, I point to my patch and reply "this is bad, yeah, 36 bucks is nothing compared to this". If that weren't enough, to add insult to injury, I was supposed to take a survey on a computer which included a question on whether I had felt depressed in the past week. How apt! In fact, I think I was getting the downers right then.I finally ask the receptionist to just be able to see somebody and I get to go to the second floor.After the nurse took my weight, blood pressure, and temperature, Dr. Gaal examined me. He advised me of my treatment options and clearly had experience in treating the injury I had. He took the time and care to insure that any scarring would be minimal and made sure to keep everything clean in my wound. He placed 23 stitches which was no easy task. He carefully explained to me what I would have to do at home and what precautions I would have to take. On a subsequent check-up, he answered all my questions clearly and reasonably.I quickly recovered, and the wound area is looking pretty good. I don't think I could have received better care anywhere in Vegas, nor at the low cost of 36 (student health center fee) +16 (treatment co-pay). If you don't have student health insurance or any other coverage, you're an idiot.
5	I have been an out-of-state student for the last four years and I have had the worst time trying to find doctors in Vegas through the insurance companies. However, for small things and sometimes big things, the UNLV Student Health Center as always been great! I have had great Dr.'s through out the years, Dr. Biazo (who is not there anymore I think) and now Dr. Gaal who has been the best Dr. I have had in a long long long time! He listens to me and he is willing to make sure he rules out all he can before just jumping to a conclusion. That is what a Dr. should do, care and listen with the intention to help no matter what. I do not feel like a bother to him like I feel with others. I have come in for colds, allergies that took over my entire head, and I honestly received great care. The nurses are nice and the front office staff are nice. Even the pharmacy technicians are super nice! The pharmacy is also pretty cheap, at least it has been for me.You have to call in the same day you want to go, but I usually get an appointment when I want it, but I call at exactly 8am when I know I need to go in. If you call later, you may or may not get in. People tend to be sick all the dang time around here. I have never had issues here other then maybe waiting for a long time once, about a year ago, but they do the best that they can and I appreciate this staff very much!
5	I've always been shrewd about doctors and even if there was something wrong that might demand getting looked at I turned the other way due to bad experiences in the past. I went to the Student Health Center upon seeing the good reviews on Yelp and I am glad I swallowed my shrewdness.The reception people are nice, they get you to seeing the doctor quickly, and lo and behold! The doctors actually give a f**k!Dr. Biazzo was the doctor I saw and he's a pretty cool dude. I had some back problems and had to be sent to another location to get an x-ray due to my insurance not allowing coverage at the health center, but it was alright. They got the results quickly and wrote me a prescription accordingly. I've been taking the medication and my back pain has noticeably disappeared almost completely.I'm very pleased that I came here.
5	I am very happy with the service I receive at the Student Health Center. I have gone here many different times and have always had pleasant service. The staff is friendly and the doctors are knowledgeable. I personally see Dr. Gaal and I think he is a really wonderful doctor. He has really helped me with the migraines I have been having. He took a personal investment in my health and made sure he helped me get better. Love going to the Student Health Center, its clean, easy, and the best part FREE if you're a student!
