4	Wellll when I need lunch and I dont wanna venture far I go to this hidden gem! Its more of a "industry workers" Subway bc its hidden and not too many ppl know about it! The customer service is superb, and they are very quick during the lunch time rush! Here you can actually ask questions and get an honest answer about a sandwich. The prices are the same as other places and they are not  greedy with the spinach as others are! I normally get the buffalo chicken on multi grain with swiss and hella spinach and a little bit on ranch, many do not know but I am OBSESSED with anything buffalo chicken! Its like my thing! Here the grilled chicken is smothered in hot sauce and is succulent and tender! They toast my lunch up, and its not too toasty, which is awesome! Top that bad boy off with spinach and a sprinkle of ranch, and BAM... MONEY!I will continue coming here bc the ppl are nice, its clean, and quick!
4	its close to work, its either busy or slow.  subway cant go wrong.
5	Reviews are really subjective because one reviewers bad experience with someone might be totally different from my experience at the same place dealing with a different employee, but in case the previous reviews are (right on the ball) this place is a real hidden gem. Impossible to find without GPS because of the fast moving street that it is located on ( DeanMartin). I tried coming last night but could not find it because once GPS says (your here) you have passed it. It's in a one of those type of strip malls more like that, where u would find mechanics and aoto repair places. It's the very first unit therefore when you have located the address and look to your right you have already passed it. Nothing but locals seem to have been walking in that know the employees. This subway is super clean, awesome staff and this is the subway nearest you if you are staying at the RIO Hotel.
2	The tally was $13.35 before my son said he would like to add a soda, now the total would be $15.14 said Perla, the sandwich maker/cashier, presumably she was reading off the register as she said that.  As I was paying, I asked her if the receipt was in the bag, she said yes.  Seeing I was ACTUALLY looking for the receipt, she said: "Oh, it's here". The receipt was on the register all along and it seems like she didn't want to give it to me at first, but she grabbed the receipt from the register finally.  As she was handing that receipt to me, she asked how old my son is, (she wasn't friendly at all prior to that moment), so I answered her question meanwhile forgetting to look at the receipt.  Back to the hotel, I happened to see the receipt, it was ACTUALLY $12.65 as shown on the pic.  I also realized she didn't give me a receipt for the sandwiches I bought the night before and she overcharged me more than $2 as well.  I know it's only a few dollars, most ppl don't even bother checking or asking for a receipt.  I see a lot of taxi/limo drivers here, and I wonder how many ppl have left without a receipt.  Speaking of receipt,  Subway has a slogan, "If we don't give you a receipt, you get your sandwich free".  The register automatically printed their current sale code which I wasn't aware of, each Subway has it's own price and various codes from time to time.  Either way, discount or no discount, we pay the receipt amount, plus whatever the tip amount, isn't that the whole point of receipt?  We had been here before, the service was good generally.  Hopefully this is NOT their common practice.  Two stars for them opening 24 hrs.
