5	This. place. is. amazing.If my punctuation hasn't emphasized this enough, allow me to continue...This shop just SCREAMS classy. From the outset  - the old victorian-style  building just looks chic. The gorgeous dresses in the window are amazing, they just know style in here. I'm single, yet even I'm tempted to do a 'Murials Wedding' and come in here...Imagine my face when I was told that one of my mums best friends was getting married, and I was allowed to come alone with them to Caroline Castigliano.....I nearly wet myselfThe place was just as amazing as I could have hoped for. The staff were amazing, the dressing area was divine.if you're getting married, you NEED to come here. Seriously. It's a must.Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue, and something from CAroline Castigliano
5	Without wanting to sound likea bunny-boiler, this shop makes me want to get married. Tomorrow. I doubt there's a woman in the world who doesn't get excited by the words "luxury" "bridal" and "gowns" next to eachother in a sentence.And when I do get hitched, even if I'm living on the other side of the world at that point in time I will be coming here to get my wedding dress. Fact.I have to admit something... I've not yet set foot inside the shop, as it's operated by appointment only. But I've had a good nosey in the windows on many occasions, as well as drooling over their website far more than is really healthy. The collection is divided into the Opulent range and the Indulgent range, and I have so far shortlisted about 20.Unfortunately, they're not cheap. As in, prices aren't even listed in the window or on the website. But if you're only going to do it once then you may as well splurge, right? As soon as one of my coupled-up friends gets a diamond on her finger I'll be making an appointment here. For her benefit, obvously...
5	This wedding dress shop in the very city centre of Edinburgh has the most breathtaking displays, which I've noticed change quite often! I'm not a wedding girl at all, but my friend and I nevertheless hatched this wonderful plan to pretend we were brides to be, just so we could try on all the beautiful dresses in there. Due to the prime location, and Italian name, I'll assume it's not cheap! I'll definitely be googling this Caroline Castigliano, and if I were to become the more wedding-inclined kind of gal one day, I've already seen the one I want!
2	I must say that the look of this shop is lovely but the experience I had there was terrible: Firstly, I had to pay the fee to try on the dresses and then they were so rude about me bringing more than two people with me to try on, though of course I wanted to bring my mum, step mum and mother in law to see my wedding dress. The staff were condescending and pushy and lots of the dresses fairly tacky looking. However they turned out to be the best of a bad bunch so in the end I did buy my dress from them. On the day however the corset was very hard for my bridesmaid to do up, agony to sit down in, warped in shape by the end on the evening and left me with bruising around my ribs that lasted 3 months. Being in pain like this really put a dampen on my wedding day so needless to say, I cannot recommend them. Also, the dress they made me looked nothing like the one I had tried on initially in shape so I was disappointed with the look despite any modifications they tried to make.
