5	This is a great barber.First off, you won't see a sign that says "Dave's Barber Shop". In fact, I'm not really sure why it's called that, seeing as how the woman behind the chair is named Sherry. But I've seen it called that in other reviews on other review sites (Google Maps, for instance), so we'll stay with it. But I digress.I walked in on a Saturday afternoon without an appointment. Even with only Sherry cutting hair, I still only waited about twenty minutes or so before being seen to. Not a tremendously busy place the afternoon I went in, which is good. The decor is vintage, old school barber shop. Glass cabinet, brushes, etc...this is not a hair salon, this is an honest to God barber shop. Thank God.They were in the midst of some renovations at the time, so the place wasn't as organized as it might have been, however, it was still very pleasant to wait. The chairs are rather worn, but were still quite comfortable, and they had an LCD tuned to the Masters; I'm not a golf fan, but it was still very cathartic just sitting there.Sherry herself is very pleasant, a middle aged woman who is still very attractive and a perfect balance between motherly and friendly. She chatted with her customers and with some of the other people there (a few other guys were there. Her husband? A friend? The mysterious 'Dave'? I don't know, but certainly regulars) amicably the whole time; never to where I felt like I was being forced to converse, but never left in stony silence, either.As to the haircut itself; phenomenal. I went looking for a good barber after growing sick of the corporate chains I tried (and received extremely sub-par haircuts at), and I've found it. She asked for more input than I've been asked for even at hair 'stylists', and when I expressed that I didn't know, and essentially gave her free reign, she did a wonderful job. She even pulled out the straight razor for a few areas! You -will- pay a bit more for it; the costs I've had at chains was more like $14-16, and this was $18 (children are less, I think $12? Wasn't really paying attention to that), however, if you want a -good- haircut, in a pleasant, friendly establishment, and SE Scottsdale is convenient for you, this place is highly recommended.
5	I had been looking for a good barber shop in the area, and this one fits the bill!  It's run by one lady: Sherry.   If you're wondering, it's called Dave's Barber Shop because she bought it from Dave, and she decided to keep the name.  She's very friendly and she'll give you a high quality hair cut.  She'll take her time and make sure you're really satisfied with it.  She only accepts cash so be sure to bring some.I showed up a little after 6:00 on a week night.  It's nice that she's open until 7 during the week.  Otherwise I'd have to come in on Saturday since I work 9-5.  If you're looking for a quality hair cut and some nice conversation, check out Dave's Barber Shop!
5	Hesitate to say what a great barber she is because I don't want to share this hidden gem. But Sherry has earned the 5 Star rating.
5	Sherry is the best barber in town.  I have gone to her for years and will not go anywhere else.
