5	Finally a place like this in Charlotte!!!!! They have combined a butcher shop and casual dining place with very upscale dishes on the same place. Their wine list is extensive and very well selected. It is your one stop shop for making a great meal at home  for a special occasion or bring the special occasion to here! The portions, quality of food, and atmosphere can't be beaten. Good place for business meetings, special occasions, casual lunch and have fun with friends.
3	Went last night for opening night and really I'm hesitant to even review this place just yet because I understand that all new openings require refinement at some level.  We were greeted by a great host station and friendly smiles which is always a good start to any meal.  Once seated we were promptly given menus (rather large ones) and the great service continued.We started out with a pick 3 deal for meats and cheeses, going with the prosciutto, wild boar sausage and a Thomasville Thomme cheese.   All three were great and completely filling but I had enough left in the tank for dinner of course.  Dinner for me was a wild game meatloaf and seriously was the best meatloaf I think I've ever had.   The decor is warm and appeal ling although it might be considered small.  I actually like that it's not a huge dining hall.  The kitchen is always in view as well as some great window spots.My guess is that this place will be a 4-5 star joint in little to no time.
4	I went last night to check it out and have to say they have GREAT food and a GREAT drink menu. The appetizer of the Cheerwine flavored ribs are a must try along with the tasty basil gin drink. They are new so I would say there has to be a couple of glitches in the system, but I did not see it. The food arrived at the table quickly and the drinks were well made even if complicated. Bravo! Now if only I could talk them into adding a few more veggies!
4	I kind of found out last minute that Block & Grinder was opening this past Monday and since I work in the area, the wife and I decided to stop in and give them a try after looking at their online menu.  We were very excited to see bone marrow and sweetbreads on their small plates list, as well as rabbit and wild game meatloaf on the entrees.As usual, we ordered way too much food, but we usually skip dessert and we did just that tonight.  For starters, we both really enjoyed  the bone marrow.  The presentation of the bone marrow was perfect with 3 big cross cuts ready to be scooped out and spread on the accompanying toasted baguette.  We also took 3 charcuterie offerings to share.  The pork rillettes and a cured salami called Molisana really hit the spot, as both were packed with flavor.  We will certainly try some of the other cured meats in the future from the charcuterie offerings.  I may try the sweetbreads next time, but they are served Kentucky style here, meaning fried, which is not my preferred preparation.On to the entrees, I chose the wild game meatloaf and the wife took the red fish, and we both split a side of herbed mushrooms.  The fish was cooked to perfection with crispy skin and the succotash & sweet corn cream were fresh and packed with flavor.  The only gripe that I had with my plate was the over abundance of bourbon BBQ sauce on my plate, as it took away from the meatloaf itself.  I would recommend asking for the sauce on the side.  The wild mushrooms were great and always a crowd pleaser in my book.As previously mentioned, no dessert for us, as we were stuffed.  I did forget to mention the biscuits and awesome smokey sweet butter that is offered to every table in lieu of bread.  As well, there is a full bar with bar seating for food and drinks.  The wine, beer and cocktail menu is extensive and I was promised that there will be taps soon, but only bottled beer for now.  As for the rest of the menu, all kinds of steak cuts and burgers, salads and sandwiches with a fairly extensive lunch menu.The service was a little shaky, as it was our server's first shift, but you could tell that the training and expectations are there for great service from the greeting at the door to the bartenders, servers and kitchen staff.We shall return with friends.
5	Block and Grinder is the kind of restaurant you'd imagine in New York City, or Charleston.  TRUE Farm-To-Table, innovative and delicious in a nice laid back, comfortable setting.  Charlotte needs a place like this, and after trying their lunch and dinner menus, I'm hooked. My friends and I were lucky to attend the preview dinner a few days prior to opening.  We ate what seemed like everything on the menu!  The standouts by far are the pork belly tacos which are glazed in sorghum, topped with napa slaw and perhaps the best part, atop this corn pancake.  The ribs appetizer were fall off the bone delicious, as was the cod spread and their version of deviled eggs.  Other friends that night had the bone marrow and acorn squash soup and they report good things. What I really like are the tiny touches.  The small homemade biscuits made with grandma's recipe.  The fact the restaurant makes their own aoli.  The really knowledgable servers who are also friendly and good conversationalists.  I appreciate their recommendations and they didn't steer us wrong. Other standouts include the duck, which comes with a delightful parsnip muffin as a side!  My friend Cat and I could have eaten a whole dozen of those alone. The only menu item we found could be better, was, trivially enough, the mac and cheese!  Maybe we need to try it again.  It was just a bit too viscous and not cheesy enough. Oh, and the dessert comes out on a block of wood they call a Sugar Cube, and I highly recommend the grilled pear.  Its light and not too sweet...and strangely enough comes with a Cheerwine sauce that works really well.  A nice way to end a meaty meal. Good luck to Chef Kent, who is really trying to make B&G a James Beard Award restaurant.  The way it's going now, I wouldn't be surprised if that happens.  Cheers!
5	My Favorite Burger I have EVER Eaten, ANYWHERE!!!  Block & Grinder wins 1st and 2nd place for Best Burger!  I give them the other award because the competition is so far from what they are doing here!Rare Burger!  Real RARE Burger!  They are NOT Playing here, except the Guy who wanted me to sit at the Bar!  I can be more polite and I will be next time, though next time he will probably remember me!  Where is my Food!  This Burger is SERIOUS! !! !!!  Ordered REAL Rare and DELIVERED! ! !  Barely Tan on the outside and Dark RED on the Inside!!!  Surprised the Cheese was able to melt? !  Minimally Seasoned with GREAT Flavor! Someone said "Simplicity is the Ultimate Sophistication" So I like that they do not have a Huge Menu, though the one they have was too much for me to figure out!Wild Boar Sausage!  Fancy Salami and a Banger!  Great Appetizer!  Perhaps Overpriced as it was served!  My Suggestion is to Add some bites of the Slaw's and Breads, NOT like croutons!  I'm a Hypocrite!Shannon did a Great job handling a person so hungry they canNOT read a menu and hardly has a vocabulary past Barnet Rubble's ancestors (I grunt and point)  Shannon taught me the ropes here REAL Well!The Owners Work Here!!!  Check the Tools on Display!  Nice Display Case with Grinders!  I told the Head Chef, I mean BUTCHER Dude what Movies to see:  "Midnight Meat Train" and the French Movie "Frontiers"!  If you are a Girl I do NOT recommend either of these Movies!!!  If you are a Dude, well, then I guess you might like to see them!  You could watch the Trailers and see!5-11-2013 Second Visit - I took my Parents!  They Loved it!  My Dad ordered a Rare Burger, so did I, my Mom ordered hers Medium Rare, so glad  I got to taste the Medium Rare without having to order one, because the Rare is So  Good!Cheerwine BBQ Sauce is the BEST BBQ Sauce I have Eaten!!!  EXCELLENT ! !! !!!Green Slaw was good, Needs work!!!Pear Dessert was OK, needs Much work, start over or skip Dessert!
3	We went to Block & Grinder on a Sunday night for the first time.  We were immediately seated in the small, narrow dining room at a table closest to the door (and the meat counter, so I had a view of raw meat all night).   It was 30-something degrees out, and the way the dining area is situated, we got a blast of cold air every time someone walked in and out the front door, which was a little too often.  We had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.  And since my chair was in the wooden-floored aisle, I felt each every step servers and customers took as they walked behind me, and there was a LOT.   Besides that, we weren't very impressed with the design of the dining room.  The restaurant seems like it's trying to be "intimate," but with the way the tables are, some directly facing the open kitchen, some tables close so close together you can hear your neighbor's conversation, and my view of raw meat, it doesn't feel very intimate, especially for the prices and the great selection of wine they offer.  If they want me to spend $30 on dinner and another $10-15 on a fine glass of wine, I feel I deserve a bit of intimate atmosphere.  The back of the restaurant seemed nice and more intimate, but there are only a few tables there, the rest of the space being occupied by huge walls of wine bottles.  I think the wine should have been where I was situated to create a partition between the front entrance and the dining room, and I should have been back there enjoying a nice dinner.  That said, we had just wanted it to be a casual night out.  All we wanted was to try their burgers and not spend a lot of money on a big, fancy dinner.  While the lunch menu seems like it has a lot of great sandwich options, we were pretty disappointed with the dinner ones.  There weren't a lot of burger options for a place that prides itself on its meat.   There was one lamb burger, one veggie burger, and three beef burgers: cheese, cheese & bacon, or mushrooms & cheese.  Really?  That's it?  I ordered the cheese & bacon burger, with a side of a wedge salad.  The restaurant wasn't that busy, but the salads took FOREVER to come out.  There were certainly enough chefs behind the counter that I could see.  Was the salad chef not in?  These are SALADS, people!  They should not take 15 minutes.  The salad finally came and it was actually one of the best wedge salads I've ever had.  It looked more like bibb lettuce than iceberg, so it was a lot more tender.  And the blue cheese dressing tasted fresh and homemade.   Of course, since they came so late, we weren't finished with them by the time our burgers arrived.  It wasn't the server's fault. I could see that he was waiting for the chefs to prepare the salads and put them up for pick-up.  The burger itself?  Meh.  I'm sure the quality of the meat was fantastic and it tasted good, but when I order it cooked medium and the server even tells me that medium is red in the middle, I don't expect a well-done burger on my plate.  On top of it was the smallest melted piece of cheese.  It was so minute and thin that you wouldn't even know it was on there, so I certainly never tasted it with each bite.  The bacon was thick, but a little too well done as well, and there wasn't much of it.  That was the extent of my burger.  No other toppings or dressings.  A well done burger, well-done bacon, and barely any cheese on top of a dry hamburger bun.  Needless to say, I needed my water glass refilled several times.  On the other hand, the French fries that accompanied the burger were amazing.  They were truffle-flavored and tasted delicious.  Would we go back?  Most likely not.  I can get a tastier burger at several other places in town:  Bad Daddy's, Cowfish, or even Red Robin.  And if I want a great steak, I'd want a place with better atmosphere where I'm not shivering, having my seat jostled every time someone walked by, or staring at a brightly fluorescent lit meat case throughout dinner.
5	Tried this with a girlfriend and was blown away by the quality of the food.  We started at the bar with drinks, and the cocktails were fantastic--hand-muddled basil, a terrific old-fashioned, some great martinis.  Then we moved to dinner in the dining room.  Both of us had burgers, and the meat was ground fresh that morning.  Probably the best burger I've had in ages--it was so moist and juicy.  I got the bacon cheeseburger (and I rarely get cheeseburgers, but I knew this one would be good) and it was just delectable.  Before this, I would've said my favorite burger was at Fran's, but I think this surpassed it.  My friend got her burger medium rare, but it was so fresh we weren't even worried about the meat quality.  Then the owner came around and talked to us--very charming.  And the wine pours were impressive!I'd go back in a heartbeat.  It's not in my neighborhood--it's in Cotswold, and I'm in Dilworth--but I'll move around for that food.  And I thought the prices seemed incredibly reasonable.  Yes, yes, yes.
5	My husband and I live very close and have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Block & Grinder.  We tried it for the first time Friday night and went again today for Easter Sunday brunch.  We loved everything.Friday night dinner - we got there around 6:30 and that seemed a good idea because it started to get very busy shortly after we were seated.  He had the mint julep; I had the gin basil smash.  We've been looking for craft cocktails like that since we moved here this fall from Portland, OR!  Found!  We each had the wedge salad.  There didn't seem to be much difference in size between his full and my half, but oh well.  The bacon in it was enough to make up for that.  Wow.  I had the NY strip; he had the pork chop and we shared asparagus (a little rich in oil for us, but that's just preference).  We shared a bottle of wine too.  I don't remember the name but Franklin (our server both times) let us try a few before we committed.  Very nice.Brunch today didn't disappoint.  Fresh squeezed OJ!  I had the french toast with a side of that can't be skipped bacon.  He had the corned beef hash.  Both we amazing.  We've found the service very helpful and friendly.  They even brought out additional asparagus when Chef saw our serving and didn't think it was enough (we never would have known).  This will be our new hang, for sure!
4	Tried it twice for lunch and each time I had great service and excellent food. Their steak is outstanding; it's as good as Del Frisco's. though the dining room and bar's ambiance can not hold a candle to Del Frisco's. Then again neither can their prices, which are about half of Charlotte's expensive steak houses. Make sure you order their fries, they are great. If you like a good cup of coffee their French press is excellent, be aware that excellence is more expensive than mediocrity.I look forward to trying out their bar one evening and experiencing some of those drinks the other "Yelpers" recommended.  This place will definitely be added to my go to places for good food. They really deserve four and a half stars.
5	My husband and I drove a bit out of the way to the Cotswold area for dinner last week and we are sure glad we did! I think this new place has a lot going for it. We had about a 35 minute wait so we hung at the bar. I ordered a Cardinal gin and soda with lime and my date got a Baker's bourbon. They serve them with care and Travis took good care of us.We got seated and ordered a glass of Chateau Campuget and Stoller Pinot Noir which hit the spot. Next we're the small plates; charcuterie with two meats and cheese (boar sausage was good), smoked Berkshire ribs, deviled eggs and the bone marrow. All good and the bones were big enough to actually have something in them!Also, the place is a butcher shop so I took a lb of slab bacon off their hands. That stuff is impossible to find in Charlotte!
3	My group of four visited tonight for the first time.  I have to say it was just ok.  I love the concept and the atmosphere but the service was lacking.  To be more specific, it wasnt our waiter, he was great.  Insead, it was the kitchen staff and their mistakes.  First, we immediately got a table (yay) and we ordered our drinks and apps, the apps arrived before the drinks.  Ok, not that big of a deal but there was more.  Second, we ordered our meals and two of the four dishes arrived before the other two.  Both dishes were cold and the other  two did not arrive until the waiter noticed and had to go to the kitchen and start all over.  The food comes back and was incorrect and the cold meals originally delivered were simply reheated.  Have you ever had reheated duck?  I don't recommend it.
5	Parents were in town for the week and decided to try Block and Grinder out. Really enjoyed when they had the butcher shop on Selwyn,  so already had a feeling it was going to be good. We tried everything...started with the deviled eggs, pork belly, and the ribs. Deviled eggs were creamy, yet you had a nice crunch with the prosciutto. Pork belly pancakes were unreal!! Pork was cooked perfectly with a nice crunch and savory glaze. Could of sat there and eat those all day. Lets not forget the ribs, which fell right off the bone..couldn't believe we hadn't had the entrees yet!Yes there is more...we got the wild game meatloaf and the shiitake and gruyere burger. Meatloaf was delicious...eating that with the mashed potatoe croquettes, which were crispy on the outside and smooth very flavorful on the inside. I couldn't have asked for a better steak burger....which brings me to my next point, once you go steak burger you can't go back. No more ground meat for this guy. Great meal!! Ready to go back and try the rest...love the concept!
5	Today was a Block & Grinder type of day. So I heard this place use to be a Panda Express, good thing it wasn't. When I walked in I was amazed on just how much of a transformation this place had to undergo to change from a Chinese restaurant to the best new "Meat Factory" in Charlotte, NC. First off the bar is stacked (I feel like a jock in high school writing/saying that) with drinks out the wazoo and the bartender knows what he is doing. He's a mixologist. The drink I tried was called, Parkside Fizz: New Amsterdam Vodka, Lemon, Orgeat, Mint, Soda, Minty but good. The ambiance and decor of Block & Grinder will make any restaurant decorator drool, it's like your eating in the butcher shop ; which you are. I wouldn't be surprised is other restaurants come here to get there meat ground. Alright enough of that on to my meal. I decided to switch things up and order the lamb burger. BEST DAMN LAMB BURGER I EVER HAD. Enough said. The lamb was juicy, succulent, savory,  and just delicious.  I didn't have to add any type of disguise to my burger at all; no ketchup, mustard, mayo anything. The feta cheese was the perfect accent to this burger. The only thing that threw me off was my girlfriend and her friend screaming about how great the bacon was just because they made their own bacon on the premises. On the side there were some Pommes Frites, you could tell they were fresh but just a little to oily for me. Overall Block & Grinder was a perfect exclamation to my night and it also is a must try to everyone in Charlotte and all visitors.
5	When you go to Block & Grinder, I hope you're lucky enough to meet Chef Kent Graham. If you only talk to him for one minute, the passion for his food is loud and clear. It comes through in his wonderful inspired meals. Great to have a meal from a chef that truly loves to cook. I was meeting friends for dinner and I got to B&G before they opened, luckily they let me in anyway. And guess who was there?? My CM Ben G. and his lovely wife JJ! I knew I was in for a treat then lol ;). The restaurant is beautiful on the inside. Chic but simple with cool wooden menus. I had one of their handcrafted cocktails...Blood Water while I waited on my guests. Very nice with a little spice from the Ginger Beer and Creole Bitters and the "Blood Garnish". My waitor Jeff was very nice, he and I and Chef Kent got a chance to talk before they were officially open for the evening. Chef Kent shared that they may be adding a late night offal's menu. Kind of like an offal tapas! This is great for those (like me) who may be a little leery of "variety meats". As of now I think B&G is the only restaurant offering offal in the Charlotte area. Chef Kent lights up when he starts talking about it...it's going to be great! Anywho, for dinner, I had the Spring Chicken. It came beautifully perched atop a sweet potato arugula and onion hash. This wonderful hash had BACON in it!!! Bacon that's made in-house of course, like everything else. I don't eat pork but, I ate every single little bacon bit (wich was more like small pieces of lardon). Darn you bacon! You gateway meat!!! The chicken was cooked perfectly, it was juicy with crisp skin. Both of my guests had burgers. One had the Bacon Cheddar and the other had the Lamb Burger which is an homage to Chef Kent's favorite chef. I heard no complaints from either. B&G also has a small wine cellar where you can go and pick out a bottle and bring it back to your table. It's hard to chose between the great selection of wines and cocktails. You can't lose either way! B&G is unique in offering a retail butcher shop along with a restaurant. I love the concept. You know right where your food is coming from and where it's made. Super fresh!!!!!! Check this place out, I'm going back for lunch soon.
2	Nice staff but not worth the money. Pastrami sandwich was a joke. As a whole , the restaurant has potential but I don't think I'll go back any time soon
2	My review is for lunch, not dinner, so I suppose it's unfair to make a sweeping judgment based on one meal, but overall I was not impressed. They did an amazing job marketing this place. Their website is professional - full of beautiful food photography and their Facebook page is active and lively. The restaurant itself is modern, bright and nicely decorated. But all of this did not translate to the plate. Myself and two friends had lunch at Block & Grinder on 4/10/13. We had heard they had been open for a few weeks but we decided to wait to make sure they were in their groove and everything was running smoothly. I had the house cured corned beef sandwich with fries (pommes frites). One friend had Henry's grilled cheese sandwich and the other had the B&G Burger. Theirs came with fries as well. The burger was to be cooked to medium, but came out too rare. It was not very well seasoned and my friend said it was a little bland. Her fries were ice cold. My corned beef tasted very good but it was basically 3 or 4 slices of corned beef (maybe 3 oz.), slapped on a piece of bread with a tiny smear of mustard - that's it. Something this simple and plain should not cost $10. At least put some slaw or a small salad on the side. I also received ice cold fries. The last dish was the grilled cheese. I didn't think pear and cheese would work together, but they did. It was actually the best thing any of us had and saved this review from being one star. Again, more cold fries were served with this final plate. Cold fries are unforgivable from a place trying to pass itself off as "made to order." I'd rather wait another 5 minutes for everything to be cooked fresh and come out hot than have fries sitting around in the A/C while the rest of the food cooks. We assumed they would be swamped so we arrived at 11:40 (they open at 11:30) but there was only one other table that had people - it was a larger group of about 7 but the rest of the place was empty and never really filled up the 45 minutes we were there. I think what is disappointing is the fact that our food got cold despite there not being a rush and there were at least 3 or 4 servers. Also, I get that they want to try to be high-tech, but using an iPad to take our orders and also run our credit cards right at the table is awkward. Instead of saving time it actually took more time because our server had to hunt and peck the order in rather than just writing it down and punching it in at a register the traditional way. Also, his credit card reader didn't work on the iPad so he had to go run our bills the old fashioned way regardless. Cool idea, but poor execution. Finally, if I were to judge B&G solely on taste, I'd give them a 3.5 but there's room for improvement in that department and there's so much more to the overall dinning experience that needs improvement as well. Cold and undercooked food is a huge negative in my book. Not a great first impression but hopefully they will read this and improve. I'll give it another shot in a few weeks.
3	Block & Grinder is a cute little place with a great concept. I love that they focus on farm-to-table foods (they grind their own meat, so hello medium rare burger) and really enjoyed looking through their extensive wine, beer, and cocktail lists. They might still be working out a few kinks, or our waiter might have just been a little wacky, but there was some general confusion. Overall, the food was good, but I would not say this is the new "best Charlotte burger" (hey, Liberty, you're still on top). The biscuits at the beginning were delicious, the bacon/cheddar burger and the mushroom/gruyere burger were both solid, and the fries were great. I hope this place stays open because it's a cool concept, but they might need to work on a few things, like adding some better salads to the menu...the "seasonal vegetables" were actually just cucumbers, tomatoes, and carrots (according to our waiter, we didn't order it) which is disappointing. Up your veggie game and you'll be golden.
5	My family does not eat out very often, so when we do we want to make it a memorable experience.  Going to the Block & Grinder was a great call.The menu is not overwhelming, but it has some basic choices as well as several that are unique and fun.  I actually went with the duck.  I've eaten a lot of duck in my life; however, this was the best I've ever had.  We had a very good meal.  The staff was good, and we look forward to coming back.
5	It doesn't get better than this.Rather small space, but the kitchen is always crazy busy, and everything that comes out is incredible. It's a restaurant and a butcher shop that serves top-notch quality meats cooked to perfection. So far, we've just sampled the burgers. The beef is ground in-house and cooked to order; when you say "medium," it's a true medium. The flavor is outstanding. I thoroughly enjoyed the Block & Grinder burger, as well as the veggie burger (on recommendation by our server). Their lamb and feta burger is superb as well - The Liberty just got ousted.The lightly seasoned fries on the side are a nice complement that support the main dish, not just filler. The micro-sized biscuits you get while waiting are addictive like you wouldn't believe. We were also told to try the deviled eggs. Not sure what they do to them, but it's definitely takes them to a whole new level.They have a fairly robust beer and wine list that covers every flavor profile you would like. On both visits, the servers have been as knowledgeable about the beverages as they have been about the food, and are eager to share what they know. Everyone we've encountered so far has been remarkably friendly. Even when it's busy, they don't suffer quality of service.The only downside is how busy this place can get - weekend waits can be up to 90 minutes. Definitely want to call ahead. Next time I might have to try one of the entrees. I can only imagine how great the steaks are, and I have my eye on the rabbit dish, too.
4	Stopped here after dinner for a drink. The interior is small but well set up, there was nobody at the bar so we sat there. They have a really interesting and unique drink menu... based off of old fashioned drinks you dont see any more. Feel bad for the bartenders because they are definately labor intestive! They were not super busy which was nice, the bartender let us know on Fri/Sat it was insane in there... its new, its small and I am sure it gets way packed. I will definately go back to eat but aim for lunch or an 'off time'. The bartender did talk to us quite a bit... we really were not looking to talk but figured they were bored since not a lot going on... she complain about yelpers eating there and the reviews they were posting which I found amusing.
5	Have been here twice. The food and service gets better each time I eat here. Glad this "neighborhood gem" is close to where I live as I expect this will be a regular stop.
5	Have stopped in here 3 times and have been bowled over each time.  It is a small restaurant with a small bar - but the place feels 'just right'.  The staff is super friendly and nice.  Bartenders are professional and have fantastic drinks - looove the Dark and Stormy!I have had the meatloaf, charcuterie platter, brussel sprouts, chicken and various other items.  Everything was absolutely great and you WILL pay a bit more for it but it is worth it.  The best thing I can't get over and this probably sounds so weird - is the brussel sprouts.  I get them everywhere but they are the best I have ever had here.  Blanched lightly with a light sauce and served with bacon I think.  I ate almost the entire side by myself.  It was out of this world!!!  Will definitely be back - love the service and the option to buy meat-to-go for the fridge.  Thanks guys!
4	I'd tried to go to B&G for dinner, but there was always a really long wait, so a girlfriend and I decided to try at 4:00 p.m. on a Friday.  Success!  We were almost so early that the staff was unclear why we were there.  Late lunch, ma'am?  Nope, drinks and dinner!The atmosphere is very modern with light wood and metal, but it's somehow still very cozy.  It's packed a lot into a small space - butcher shop, wine shop, restaurant and bar.  The bar is small but has an open feel with all kinds of beautifully colored glass bottles against the window.  One small suggestion to make the bar perfect?  Add purse hooks (my new personal crusade for every bar).We sat at the bar, and I got a boring ol' gin and tonic, but my friend got a creative basil concoction that was inventive and refreshing.  The basil was so fresh there were a bee on it.  Talk about farm to table!  The three bartenders who waited on us were friendly and funny, and they had great food and drink suggestions. For dinner, friend got the pimento burger ($12), and I got two appetizers - pork belly ($8.50) and bone marrow ($7) - a meat smorgasbord!  The burger was one of my top five in Charlotte.  The pork belly was wrapped in corn bread pancakes, so it was like a pork belly taco.  I perhaps took too long to eat them because the first one was awesome and the third one had sat in the bourbon and sorghum glaze too long and had gotten sticky and messy.  I had never had bone marrow before, but I loved the presentation - we actually had to scoop the marrow out of three bones.  (Vegetarians need not apply here!).  The bread/crackers it came with were a little salty for my taste, so it was hard to get the full marrow flavor.I'm glad I gave this place a second attempt.  I always love it when a restaurant takes reservations, but I guess right now they don't need to.  Get there early and come hungry for a cornucopia of meat!
1	save your money. fast food has better quality beef. their t-bone is totally missing the tender side of the cut. it is a rip off - and high priced. it is meant for people who do not understand what they are ordering or what they should receive.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Best burger in town hands down, and one of the better steaks I've had (I'm no expert on steaks though). A cocktail list thats actually exciting, and reasonably priced excellent appetizers. I will be back and be back often.
5	I had high expectations for this place, and it did not disappoint. Great service during our late Sunday brunch, and the best burger I've had since moving to Charlotte a year ago. The bacon and pimiento burger is a must-order! My husband had the B&G benedict with house-made biscuits, which was also delicious! We can't wait to go back!
3	After all the positive reviews on the burgers here, I decided to give this place one more try.  I am still not warming up to it - although the nite we were there they were experiencing HVAC problems so I was warm for a while - sat us next to window that generated even more heat.  Don't know how they are going to sit patrons next to those windows where summer comes.  The entire floor plan is just weird. Now for the food - ordered burgers but not without drama - waiter had his little portable order taker which took him twice as long as the conventional way of just writing it down.  Even took all of the condiments we wanted for burgers and patiently put them in.  The wait seemed long for the amount of people in the restaurant at the time but we passed the time by drinking wine - mind you room temperature red wine which was now the actual room temperature of 75 degrees - the wine is stored in the back of the restaurant but from where we sat, the wine was exposed to sunlight at least in the mid-afternoon which raises the temp - again just annoying little things all nite.  Burgers came and waiter plopped down one plate of "condiments" for burgers and said the chef said that was enough for 3 people - say what?  Why did you ask and take down our specific requests for the condiments if you were just going to bring a generic plate to the table.  Onions and tomatoes cut so thin you could not even taste them on burger.  Between the three of us we ordered, medium rare, medium and medium well burgers and two of us opted for summer salads rather than fries.  All three plates were dropped at table all with fries.  So after getting waiter's attention we got our salads.  We assumed that the burgers were placed before based on our cooking preference but after placing individual condiments on the burgers and taking the first bite, we realized none of us received what we ordered.  So, maybe it is just me but this place does not live up to a $11 burger, not does it deliver in the service dept. either.
4	So good. Ohhhhh soooooo good. I would hand out 5 stars but they have some work to do on their wait service. We waited what seemed like an eternity for drink refills, extras such as cream for the coffee or butter for the bread, etc.Now, on to reasons why this place ROCKS!1. It's a BUTCHER SHOPPE and a restaurant/bar!2. It's FARM FRESH!3. They make hand crafted cocktails. I had the Idol's Eye (New Amsterdam Vodka, Pear, Lemon, Ginger Beer, Boston Bittahs), which I would give a 9 out of 10. It was great! Other drinks ordered (and tasted) were the Gin Basil Smash (very basily, lemony and FRESH! loved it!), New Fashioned (really good for an "Old Fashioned," not my style though), and a Manhattan.4. Pork Belly. You must try it!! It's mouth watering and served with cornmeal pancakes. Ohhhh so tastey!5. They serve marrow with their steak. IT'S AWESOME!6. Their burgers are OUT OF THIS WORLD-one of the best burgers I've eaten, ground fresh!7. The Duck. OH THE DUCK! You have to try the duck! You'll want to lick the plate, I'm telling you!8. The wait staff places your order via an iPad... and pulls up your bill on the same!9. If you like tea, try the Earl Grey Creme Brulee-it's scrumptious!So so good, but so so expensive. We had drinks, appetizers, wine, entrees... and it was about $125/person. That ate up our "date night" budget for a while!They don't take reservations, mind you. They are so small, the line will be long, it will take some patience, but get a delicious drink from the bar while you wait!
1	What a disappointment! For a restaurant that showcases its' meat, it seems laughable that the hamburger meat quality was not as good as Burger King, complete with gristle and was overlooked. The seasonal salad had zero flavor, fries came out soggy the first time. The unsweetened ice tea was the only saving grace.
4	Good service at bar, generous wine pours. Some non meat offerings.  Expensive
4	The food is excellent and we loved it!!!  Only down side is it's always packed and we had to wait awhile for our drinks from the bar. We sat at the bar because we had to wait for a table and we were sat before our drinks were even put in the system.
2	I wanted to like Block & Grinder, truly I did!  Honestly, it's got potential, but unless we hear that some changes take place we probably won't be back...at least for dinner.  The overall ambience is crowded. And loud.  They pack far too many people into way too small of a space.  I can definitely see this making sense as a lunch spot, but for dinner it was much too crowded to be comfortable.  Case in point: the space between tables is so narrow that people trying to walk through can't help but make physical contact with each other.  Maybe the servers have squeezing in between diners down pat, but the elderly ladies sitting at the table next to us did not.   My idea of a good dining experience doesn't include having two elderly women's rear ends rubbed against my neck and shoulders as they try to squeeze by to exit the restaurant.  We tried to give them as much room as we possibly could, but there's just no room to maneuver if you've got mobility issues, which these two women did.  It was incredibly uncomfortable for us, and I'm sure the ladies weren't happy with it either.Service was somewhat slow and there seemed to be confusion about what drinks were available (we ordered beer and wine - nothing fancy).  We were disappointed they said they wouldn't be serving Oskar Blues since Oskar Blues now brews beer in Brevard, NC and we like to drink local if we can.  After appetizers, a random server cleared some of our plates, but not all.  Same with silverware.  He never brought replacement silverware for those without, which seemed odd, and we were left with dirty plates.There were high and low-points on the menu.  High points - the charcuterie was good, and the deviled eggs were delicious.  The mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts are also good.  Low points?  The burgers.  Somehow they managed to overcook all three of our burgers.  We all requested medium and everything came out well done.  The shiitake and gruyere burger was delicious even though it was overcooked, which speaks to the quality of the meat.  One of my friends ordered the scallops, which were the special of the day.  The scallops were also overcooked (there's seared and then there's burnt) and outrageously expensive ($32 for 4 sea scallops with some fennel and red pepper sauce?  Really?).  I would have sent my burger back, but since our server didn't come by to check on us until well into the meal, there didn't seem to be a point in doing so.  B&G has great potential.  Our experience boiled down to wonderful ingredients, poor execution.  I hope they can get it together soon!
4	We arrived @ 6:00 pm because they are not accepting reservations yet.  Good move as we were seated immediately.  There were 6 of us dining.  Wait servers leave a lot to be desired.  We had to request water often because of small glasses and no one keeping them full.  When we finished dinner, we had to request our dirty dishes be removed.  My wife and I share a dinner and we had to request another plate even though we stated when ordering that we intended to share.  We expect to return and hope the wait staff is clued in to their duties
5	It takes a big person (in this case at least 5'2") to admit they were wrong and boy was I wrong!  I have tried this restaurant two times before with lukewarm results but last night was so good, I am still thinking about it.  I ordered a steak this time.  The filet was so tender, literally you could cut it with a fork.  The meat melted in your mouth.  Probably the best steak I have had in months.  Hubby had rack of ribs with Cheer Wine sauce that had a wonderful kick to it.  But our service was impeccable.  Forgive me, I know his name started with a D and he introduced himself as De-Nice I think.  He offered up a wonderful red blend wine and knew our needs even before we asked.  I understand there have been some staffing changes and it appears all for the good.  New menu items were introduced by the wait staff.  Don't you just love it when a waitperson actually knows the menu, right down to how a dish is prepared.  De-Nice detailed the new items and then offered up suggestions.  I can highly recommend Block and Grinder for a great dining experience.  And ask for De-Nice - because he was the bomb!
4	Farm fresh, local food, butcher shop, craft cocktails?? Seriously. Would I lie to you? This place was fun and the food was delicious! I'm totally pleased with the crowd and the ambience. Don't go here for a romantic tete-a-tete. Four of us went out on a Saturday night and managed to grab a high-top by the bar while we waited for a table. Sadly, we didn't know that we would have to get up & go to the bar to order our drinks... Alas, after ordering, the bartender did bring the drinks to us! Dinner was delicious. We ordered a few appetizers to share - they all were good. Our server was nice but an over-sharer who probably dropped a little too much profanity while she was hanging out by our table. She was nice but we were here to actually hang out with each other, not our waitress. I would definitely go back. This place had a good vibe and food was good. Love the close proximity to my house! Bonus.  :-)
1	My mother came here for lunch and liked it so much that she brought me for dinner the next day - well when we came back the experience was completely different and we were disappointed. The service was pretty good but the atmosphere was dull and the place was full of well dressed south charlotte white people with designer handbags - I felt very out of place. The chairs were uncomfortable and we were seated in the middle of the restaurant where people were moving around us constantly. It's not a large space and it seemed like half of the people in it were the waiters - I think too many for the small number of tables. As for the food, my burger was dull and the bun was stale. My mom had the mushroom and gruyere burger again (she had it the first time and loved it) but found the second time around it wasnt as memorable.Maybe it was just because of the night we were there, but contrary to how my mom felt about it I thought Block and Grinder was a dud :/
4	Came here for lunch, and was happy, but not overwhelmed. The service with iPads was nifty, and the restaurant was immaculate with a good vibe. My burger was a bit small, and not that exciting. very good quality of the meat. The sides were unique. Will be back to finish off my gift card, but afterwards....
5	Wow! This place was great. What a gem! The staff was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. The wine selection was great. I actually sat down when the wine rep was there... Almost every server and manager tried an array of wines before approving any for sale. They rejected several before landing on two bottles.I got the cheeseburger and it Honestly was one of the best I've had in recent memory in Charlotte. That Brioche bun was amazing and the burger was cooked to perfection. They said they grind their burgers in house...pretty cool. They said they sell the burgers in a premade set. I'll be back for sure before my next cookout. Given that it wasn't very busy when I was there (3pm lunch), the Chef had time to come over to me and ask me how my food was. We got to talking and I was super super impressed with this guy. He really knew his stuff and had an enthusiastic creativity about him that really shined through on the menu choices he prepared. I could tell he takes real pride in his work.I will be back again... Especially to try those Devilled eggs my server was telling me about!
4	First off, props to Block & Grinder for hosting several preview nights before opening - glad to be invited to the last one! When we first arrived, we were handed a drink menu with several types of specialty cocktails. Spoke with the bartender who mentioned they will feature 10 "classic" old-style cocktails, like a sidecar, and 10 modern cocktails. We had the tequila daisy which was quite tasty and had a bite in the liquor. The blood water is also very good but would probably only order one. The bartender also made a specialty basil drink which I would highly recommend. A smooth drink, indeed. These are all drinks I would sip and would pair nicely with dinner - if you are looking for a night out with drinks, don't feel like this is the place.When we sat down for dinner, the server was amazing. Any questions you asked, he knew the answer to. He was fully aware of all the ingredients and despite the busy nature of the restaurant, he definitely took his time and always had a patient, pleasant demeanor. Highly impressed by the staff!The invitation night allowed us to try many different items. The palmetto cheese is basically pimento cheese made with cream cheese. It gave it a smooth consistency and basically what we expected. The pork belly tacos were amazing - best thing we sampled all night long. The tacos came wrapped in a potato pancake and topped with a cole slaw type mix. Definitely a winner.For entrees, we ordered the duck, Carolina rabbit and porterhouse steak. The duck was tasty with a nice crisp outside and I would order it again - wasn't too impressed with the sauce that topped the meat. It had little flavor and didn't feel as though it complimented the meat. The Carolina rabbit was served wrapped in prosciutto and surrounded with grits. The presentation was great and the entree was also tasty. The porterhouse we were quite disappointed with. We order the steak medium rare but it came out medium, with the outside edge almost medium well. The steak wasn't seasoned which left the entree bland. Towards the end of the cut, a few pieces were quite delicious and tasted as though it was seasoned. It lead us to believe that maybe the chef was in a hurry due to the full house and the steak was left mostly unseasoned by mistake.And then there was the dessert. The server informed us the desserts would rotate depending on customer reactions and the seasons. We order the creme brulee which was good and full of flavor. We finished with the seared pear, topped with a Cheerwine sauce. The pear was difficult to cut apart and while I compliment the combination of the sauce with Cheerwine, it wasn't my favorite and won't be ordering the dessert again.However, Block & Grinder is certainly a restaurant I'd visit again on occasion. The price points are a bit high for entrees so it wouldn't be a regular stop of mine but definitely a place I'd sample again to see what the chef is cooking up.
4	Love this place.  The burgers are great and the ribs were fantastic!  Fall off the bone kind of great.  I didn't even need a knife.  The service was top notch too.We will definitely be back!
4	Had brunch here on Mothers Day, it was incredible.  The bacon is homemade, the coffee is delicious French press and my husband who is a burger snob said it was probably the best rouged he has had in a long time.  Can't wait to try dinner.
4	My husband and I  recently ate dinner here for the first time with another couple and it was wonderful! Our server was very knowledgeable about the wine options and drinks offered from the bar. We were pleased with the wine recommendations.While this place features incredible quality meats, I ordered the lentil burger because I am plant based and it was wonderful! I loved it and would order it again. The amount of food was very generous also. My husband ordered the pork chop and it was awesome. It was very simple and the rub used had excellent flavor. The chop was grilled and done just perfectly. Our friends ordered the scallops and filet, they were very happy with their choices. Three sides of veggies were delicious. Pan seared corn, sweet potato succotash and brussel sprouts were delicious! I would definitely recommend dining here!
5	My first visit to Block and Grinder was this past weekend and it was fantastic!  Our waiter was very attentive but not overly so, very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful in offering suggestions (my boyfriend was torn between 3 different choices) and the food was just amazing.We started with the deviled eggs which were awesome.  My boyfriend decided on the venison flank steak (which was a special that night) and I had the duck.  Having never tried venison before (and being slightly hesistant to try it), Block and Grinder set the bar very high.  It was amazing.  And the duck with the warm peaches on the side was fantastic.  The portions were generous though neither of us had any trouble finishing our meals! :)  We had the bread pudding for dessert and it was definitely a good choice! Yum! We sat outside so I cannot comment on the indoor seating but it seemed totally fine.  It's trendy and not an "intimate" restaurant but we aren't typically looking for that type of setting.  It's a little louder and more casual while still being upscale.Their prices are VERY reasonable considering other restaurants in the area and the freshness and high quality of your meal.  I actually was suprised it wasn't more expensive given the level of service and ingredients. You definitely get what you pay for when it comes to food and the meals here are totally worth the price.Really looking forward to our next visit.  We saw so many amazing meals being delivered to neighboring tables so we cannot wait to go back and try more from the menu!
5	I like how this place does not tie itself to CLT restaurant conventions.  Not a large seating area, but plenty of room for those who are seated. No excessive noise but a comfortable dining experience with a focus on the (almost) decadent meats. Where else can you get bone marrow--roasted in side a large bone sawed in half, we a large dose of a fresh garlic pesto and a special fork to get it out. They have a $25 foie gras burger. My wife asked if she could have foie gras alone and was quickly accommodated with a huge $16 appetizer portion with little pieces of toast and thinly shaved prosciutto. I had the lamb burger medium rare which was phenomenal with a strong gamey flavor and tasty aioli sauce. Accompanied by pomme frites that were perfect. Some Brussels sprouts garnished with house prepared bacon was as good as those at Tupelo Honey. The waiter Mike was great, very knowledgable about the food and its preparation. He did a good job pitching us on a dill based Bloody Mary mix that is excellent. Only weakness is the dessert menu which lacks a chocolate dessert.
2	Good and bad, but the bad outweighed the good. haven't been back since and don't plan to unless someone invites and treats. service is subpar. we called to make reservation on Sat. night and they said they didn't take them, but the wait was 45 mins. we said ok, see you soon, planning on spending time at the bar. We were seated at the bar and excellent (but very pricey) cocktails. the bar tenders was chatty but pleasant. recommended some favorites and talked on and on about other stuff. at about 35 mins. in I checked with the (male) host and was told, "I told you 45 mins and it's only been 35", so I sat back at the bar to wait. after another 15-20 mins. i inquired again and was told he was under the impression we were eating at the bar, per the bartender. we said no, never said that and wanted a table. we were then sat a a two top in the back by the wall. our waiter referred to the as the "time out" table. We got up and decided to skip dinner and pick up burgers on the way home. as we walked outt he host said no problem, we could take a nice big booth by the window, so we decided to stay. after being seated the manager on duty stopped and said he heard about he miscommunication and offered to buy us some apps and another round of beverages. we both ordered some wine and they brought out pork belly and deviled eggs, which were off the charts delicious. then after a long wait our entree's came. i ordered the bar tender recommended game meatloaf and it was burnt. dried out and burnt. then my wife got a burger and it was small and overdone. we ended up leaving without finishing our drinks or entrees. and, at one point when i was checking our table, i overheard a lady (ex-judge) recommend to the host they should handle this (didn't know what at time) before they got sued. later when walking to our table the floors where slick as ice and i had to support my wife to make sure she didn't slip and break something. we later assumed that was the judge's warning. Not sure if host is the same, or the cooks are any better but a few good apps and a couple over price (but tasty) cocktails don't compensate for all the missteps. The place is small and cramped. Maybe they worked out some early bugs but my first experience did not leave a good impression and i've been back since. If you do, make sure you don't get seated at the time-out table and send back food that's burnt or not cooked well.
5	Not only is Block and Grinder great for dinner, Jed and his team gave us a perfect brunch after our daughter's baptism.  Planning for the brunch was a pleasure and the event was perfect - the food was delicious and the staff was wonderful with adults and kids alike.  If you are looking for a great place to host a private event, I'd highly recommend them!
5	Our first time to visit Block & Grinder will certainly not be our last!My husband (a Culinary Institute of America Chef graduate) and our two dear "foodie" friends decided to try it out!We all checked out the menu and reviews prior to our reservation and wanted to see this unique concept and try out their interesting menu.We were hesitant at first as few (very few) of the reviews were not very good. Leads me to wonder if their critique is an example of their experiences every place they sample?Let me say this first, those negative reviews are not reflective of our experience at all! We has a delightful experience!It began with our reservation we needed to push back 30 minutes because we had a delay. They were more than accommodating on a busy Friday night, and we enjoyed waiting at the bar having great and interesting cocktails from a bar well dressed in interesting spirits & friendly knowledgable bartenders!The bar & dining area are a bit small, but from our research prior to our visit, we were prepared for that, NO problems here! As I said, bartenders were attentive and very quick at taking our drink order. Plus, a small bar area only lends itself to easy, fun conversation and the ability to share great conversation with other patrons! Our cocktails were great. The guys chose the Maple Manhattan, wonderful and their Dark & Stormy, that is an interesting and delicious black rum and ginger beer combo.Our waiter John was exceptional, offered great commentary of the dishes and very knowledgable about wine offerings.  Wonderful personally!We all shared deviled eggs and beef  carpaccio, we loved the carpaccio, but the deviled eggs needed a bit of seasoning and were pleasantly supplied with their own blend of seasoning salt, one mesquite flavored, the other their own mixture pared well as the accent needed. Awesome! The guys shared the bone in ribeye and short ribs. OUTSTANDING! The veggie sides were farm to marker local and the best green beans I ever had, nice preparation and flavor. Beef was absolutely seasoned and prepared to perfection! We girls shared the shiitake mushroom with gruyere cheese burger cooked medium on a delicious bun.... RIDICULOUSLY delicious! The pommes frites      again, perfectly seasoned, and green beans delicious! The grits with the short rib dish also great! Finish with the table splitting the  brandy bread pudding (thanks waiter John) and call it a win!Cool, decor, great ambiance, outstanding service and food worthy of my hubby's praise (that don't come easy) and a table side visit from the chef, made dining at B&G a memorable first impression! Add in fabulous table conversation, this place is surly to be on all 4 of our must do list of great places to dine in Charlotte!
4	Delicious cocktails, charcuterie was awesome!
5	This. Place. Is. Amazing.My boyfriend and I went here, he's a steak guy and I only eat seafood. The atmosphere and food were amazing, the shots the bartender made up for us were great, the wine suggestions were fabulous, I seriously can't say enough good things.Everything was superb, especially our waiter...I wish I could remember his name to recoomend him...
2	I ordered a Veruca Salt cocktail. It was tasty, but nothing spectacular. The burger was great, cooked perfectly with a nice roasted pepper spread. I have no idea why the small patty was served on a giant bun. I would have preferred a bun that was the same size as the burger. It seemed like the restaurant didn't want to go to the effort to have buns made for them. The service was terrible. After my cocktail I stuck with water. I was empty so often that I eventually drank the water of my table mates.Dessert wasn't offered at all.I'm not going to rush back to this restaurant.
3	I love the atmosphere here. I always love a place that has a wine display (I find it soothing :-) Overall, the decor is welcoming and intimate. The wood tables are charming. The staff is very friendly. I went with a group of seven women (all divas, including myself :-) . As first timers, we had a ton of questions and comments. Our waiter  was very patient and pleasant. I went with the B&G burger. It's their classic hamburger served with a plate of standard condiments (lettuce, tomatoes, mustard, ketchup). You can add your choice of cheese and bacon for a few bucks more. I added the NY cheddar cheese and the fresh cut maple bacon. The burger was very tasty. The meat is super fresh and it was grilled perfectly. It was a bit smaller than I expected though. The patty wasn't big enough to fill the bun. The burger comes with a side of fries or a summer salad. I opted for the salad. It was good, but calling it a salad is a bit misleading. It was a medley of greens topped with a basil vinaigrette. Where's the tomato, cucumber, carrot? Something? The greens and dressing were good, but I was a little underwhelmed. TIP: You can order fresh meat (steaks, burgers), have them marinated and take them with you to prepare at home. This is a cute restaurant with good food. There were so many attractive options on the menu, I had a hard time making my final selection. I can't wait to visit again. Next up, I wanna try the deviled eggs with goat cheese and prosciutto, the lamb burger and the Parmesan grits.
3	Our waiter Chris was excellent!!!!!!!!!! My burger was just ok.... I am not a fan of fat chunks in my burger! The quality of the meat was questionable and the flavor is compromised when you get unpleasant surprises in your mouth, yuck! The fries are fresh cut and tasty.  It is just a burger place trying to be white table cloth dinning, the two are contradicting.
3	We had been wanting to go to the Block & Grinder since it opened and we heard some great things.  Overall the food was 4-5 stars, but the atmosphere and service was 2 stars.In terms of service, we sat down in a cramped space next to a large table, and did not have a waiter assigned to us.  After 12 minutes, we finally had a waiter (who was very nice) notice that no one was assigned to us.  From there, he took over, but he also had other large tables, so the service was slow.On to the positive aspects....for an appetizer, we got the jar of pimento cheese and crackers, which was delicious, and probably the best pimento cheese we have had in our short time being exposed to pimento cheese.  We decided to order the ribs for an entree, which was a great choice.  They were lean and tender, and rank up there as one of the best ribs we have ever had.I think we would come back here, but would attempt to go on a weeknight (or off-peak time), which would hopefully improve the service.  I would also love to try the cocktails.
5	We loved this place! It's got a really nice local dinner spot vibe and has reasonably upscale food without feeling pretentious. Cheer wine bread pudding is awesome and I'm not typically a bread pudding fan. We've been here twice and have been very happy with it both times.
4	Small quaint restaurant with wine room and butcher shop inside. Their burgers with truffle fries are really good with buttered buns. Their sides are good as well
4	We were really looking forward to coming here since it opened. I had read about their burgers, but once we got there the ribs were calling me. I decided to get the ribs as an app and get the burger. I got the burger medium and it was perfectly cooked. I got it with the pimento cheese and bacon. The bun was extremely soft. The cheese was soft (obviously) and the meat was soft. It came out without bacon on it, which would have added the extra texture to break up the softness, but I was hungry and it wasn't worth mentioning it. Overall, it was delicious. My wife got the special which was a gumbo-like dirty rice. It had venison sausage in it that was a first for me. We are excited to go back to try other menu items.
5	The food & the service were great! Amazing Manhattans, pork belly, deviled eggs, steak, and roast.  Everyone loved their meals.  We had a party of four and had great service -- but the restaurant was not too busy.  We will definitely be back!
1	Really was looking forward to trying this place after a recommendation from a friend and looking over the menu but after the conversation I just had on the phone with them I don't think I will ever be stepping foot in this establishment. While trying to make reservations for I decent sized party I was first told that the time I wanted on a Saturday night would take up 30% of their tables we could be accommodated after 9:00.  When I questioned the logic of a guaranteed party I was told that reservation was just not available. I don't think it was the fact that we couldn't get a table as much as the way Robert (I believe) really didn't care at all if my party and I ever walked into the restaurant.
5	Been here a good handful of times since they opened and they have just gotten better. Very pale friendly/gluten free friendly for those of you looking for a healthy non-cheat option during the week! Steaks are grass fed and there is usually a wild game option. Servers are amazing and you can go and pick out your own bottle of wine from the wine racks. Bartenders are creative and make some good cocktails. You can even bring home some grass fed meat from their butcher case.
5	Always great Food! Always excellent service! Menu is creative without complication and prices are well deserved as the quality is phenomenal. They have the best Grille Master in town that can cook a steak to perfection on his sleep, and a mixologist that can mix up amazing new fun! At the very least, they have the best burger in town. Finally a neighborhood place that's not a chain and understands the importance of loyalty and customer service!
5	I dine here every couple of months. The quality of the food is unmatched. The wild game meats are always paired with great sides that compliment very well. Great cozy atmosphere,  phenomenal wine list and incredible service round off this farm to table restaurant. I love it, love it, love it. Ask for Amy or Rod. Oh yeah the cocktails are super creative and interesting.
4	Bill the Butcher welcomes you.Paying homage to Mr. William Cutting, so lovingly portrayed by Daniel Day Lewis in Gangs of New York, is a tradition among bar patrons that I will start next time I visit. The venue is best appreciated while empty on a sunny late afternoon. Sun blasts over the catholic church and glistens on bald heads. The staff is unfettered,  attentive even. Tables and consciences are clean. You may have to ask the waitstaff to keep the blinds up and sit at a table with your back to the butcher counter to appreciate this sunny vista.This place is a specialty. Block & Grinder stands up in positive fashion for taste and quality of food, decor, creativity of menu and personality of servers and staff. Not a party scene, not inexpensive. I have difficulty answering Yelp's survey questions about this place.For a cocktail, I had the Chupacabra. "Goat sucker." A mythical Mexican monster strewn about '90s vernacular from an X-Files episode - this was a green concoction of vodka, passion fruit, Anaheim pepper syrup and lemon.  A bit spicier than I like. The heat from the pepper in my throat kept me from drinking fast. Stayed sober, never had the next drink I had in mind.The Pork Belly is something delicious. On very thin pancakes. I preferred the belly without the pancakes. Tender and succulent, it was. No need for pancakes.For a quality sharing plate, order some charcuterie. I chose Proscuitto di Parma & Wild Ass Boar Sopresatta with two accompanying cheeses. It's a good bet to ask the server which cheeses go with whatever meats you are having. We had the Cana de Cabra (yes, that's two items in this review with "cabra" in them, which means "goat" in Spanish) and one of the Goudas. Both fantastic. The proscuitto was top notch, rhythmic goodness. Their Wild Boar Sopresatta comes in thick slices of tasteful explosiveness and is similar to chorizo or pepperoni The two benefactors accompanying me ate the Deviled Eggs, of which I have zero interest. Asked where they ranked on their list of all-time greatest deviled eggs, both men gestured positively.My suggestions are to let them do what a butcher does best: meat, cheese and cocktails.
5	I would like to Thank the staff at Block and Grinder for the fabulous night.It was my daughters 16th birthday and the night was very important to us.From the 1st call to make the reservation the whole experience was terrific.We were all treat like royalty from the moment we walked in.The food and service were perfect.I am not one to be shy when something is not right but also one to compliment when something is good! In thius case it was GREAT...Congratulations on a job well done and Thank You for making this important night so special for my daughter!PM
4	The food was amazing and great portion sizes. Wine was poured generously which is nice for a change. I had the smoked chicken with mashed potatoes and asparagus and I cleaned the plate. The wedge salad is also fantastic with real local bacon. Overall this place was awesome! Love that you can buy wine and meat at the same place while still supporting local farms!
5	Best burger in town.   Better than Bad Daddy's or Liberty!  Toasted bun to perfection !  awesome fires!    Very friendly!
5	Great spot. It's tucked away in a little plaza. I've driven by so many times and missed it. Don't make the same mistake! We went for lunch and sat outside (I'm hoping when summer really kicks off it won't be enclosed.) they had a good beer selection. I got the Cubano. It was really good  but my boyfriend ordered the burger with a duck egg bacon and cheese. Amazing!! I will order this next time. The burgers are angle more expensive, but worth it.
5	The service was great. The meat was correctly cooked and seasoned. The wine was well paired with the meal. Fantastic
5	Just experienced Block & Grinder's new brunch menu. There aren't enough stars! SO amazing! Premier service! AmAZing food! Had Shrimp & Grits with scallops and venison sausage. DANK! Tasted the Duck Hash. SUPERB! And their Potato Cakes arelike nothing I've had before, but want over and over again. Oh, and let's not forget the perfection of their Pork Belly appetizer (available on other menus as well). Always a great experience. Both in taste and service. Breakfast, lunch and now brunch. KUDOS B&G!!
5	Tremendous food in a cool atmosphere. Trust the wait stuff on what's hot and fresh as far as meat offerings are concerned. The menu changes very frequently based on availability. Try something different. The fries are in best of Charlotte category. The pork belly appetizer is a don't miss your first time. The bison burger was tasty full of flavor.
5	I'm already planning our return. Block & Grinder offered an experience that I couldn't possibly argue with. The food was amazingly delicious, our waiter was fantastic, and the atmosphere was cozy and nicely done. We had heard good things and weren't sure what to expect after hearing it was also a butcher shop. We were pleasantly surprised. We were seated immediately and our waiter instantly approached us and was charming right off the bat. We are huge meat eaters and were already rereading a menu we memorized before heading there and were trying to contain our enthusiasm while ordering. After rattling off the specials, we skipped (due to my dining companion and to my dismay) the pork belly app and instead had the scallops and the bone marrow. The scallops were fantastic and came with a little pork belly so it was like a two for one and they were a hit. Our waiter advised that he enjoyed the bone marrow with his steak so we did the same and waited till our entrees arrived. My boyfriend got the half rack of lamb in mint pesto with sweet potato hash and Brussels sprouts. They were fantastic. The mint wasn't overwhelming, the lamb wasn't too gamey, and I really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts. I had the 22oz bone in ribeye in a veal demi and a side of asparagus. Moment of silence please. Holy heavenly delicious. It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked and I was sad once I was towards the end. Also, our waiter was completely correct- the bone marrow with the cuts of meat was a great combination.There was a lot of food and we split everything but we cleaned our plates entirely. On top of that, unbeknownst to us, it was half price glasses of wine, so that was a great added bonus. We really felt we walked out eating very well for a very very decent price. Getting a 22oz cut of meat at a well known pricey chain would have been 2-3x the cost. So, Between the salivating worthy food, our great service, and the nice atmosphere we will most certainly be back. Very soon.
2	I went here based on raving Yelp reviews and was so disappointed. While they have a wonderful atmosphere and awesome cocktails, I was completely underwhelmed, as was the rest of my family. We tried the deviled eggs, which were pretty good, but the rest of the meal was lackluster. Our burgers were all overcooked and dry, and for the price, pretty small. We were so excited to try the meat that is local and fresh, and were so disappointed when it didn't come through. Our waiter was excellent, but nothing else was much to write home about. After spending $75 on 4 burgers, 5 deviled eggs, and a glass of wine, we won't be returning.
3	I really like the idea of the Block & Grinder, but I really dislike the execution.For starters, getting into the location stinks. This isn't just their fault - there are plenty of other places in the same shops that have the same problem - about the only way that is easy is if you're headed uptown on Providence, and I'm never headed that way unless I think of it in advance, which I never do.Beyond that, the hours never work for me. I tend to think of it as an afterthought, and though I don't often get out late, for whatever reason I tend to get by Block & Grinder late - so I find it odd when we pop in at 9:30 or so and are told that they are closing.This is the perfect place to kick back, have a cocktail and enjoy some bites that you can't find much of anywhere else in town, but... YOU CAN'T BECAUSE THEY ARE CLOSING HALF AN HOUR EARLIER THAN THEIR HOURS SAY THEY WILL.I get that they don't want to start something late, and that's fine - but at least a cheese plate or something would have been nice, and keeping the amazing bar area open would be even better. Oh well.If you should happen to get there at a better time, then the food is more interesting than just about anywhere in town, and the cocktails are totally worthwhile. Try the chupacabra if you can get it.
3	Great food and service. Very nice atmosphere inside and outside.  I had the hanger steak with truffle fries. The steak was great. The fries ok. I never understood the hype with truffle fries. My friend ordered the Mahi mahi dish. It was really good. Cocktails were really great. I'd go back and try different dishes.
5	I love this place. Wonderful farm to table fare, upbeat staff, and good music piped into the background. Been there for 5 or 6 dinners, they always are spot on. Still thinking about the venison I ate two hrs ago.
3	I was very excited when block and grinder opened. I was looking forward to a nice local place that had great food; especially steak. It's a great spot but I feel the good is subpar and overpriced. Portions are good but I expected a lot more for the money as far as flavor is concerned. I've been a few times now and is want this place to meet my expectations but it just falls short of "wowing" me every time I go.
5	Just had the most amazing dinner!  Filet with gorgonzola cheese was amazing! Everything was awesome! Great wine selection! We had a pretty large group, sp we tried several appetizers and everything was great. We will be back very soon!
5	Great food, great wine, great service. I am in the restaurant service business so I am in and out of restaurants all day and perhaps I'm a little more critical than the average person.  With that in mind I give Block and Grinder 5 stars.  We had the Pork Belly appetizer and loved it.  If you like bacon you will not be disappointed.  Yum.  Next we had a Wedge salad that was very nice followed by the Bone In Prime Rib.  They cut all of their own meat in house so needless to say it was a beautiful cut of meat and it was prepared very nicely at medium rare temp.  Tasty!  We had spinach for a side that was OK.  Erica took care of us and was there when we needed her and made several good recommendations.  Monday night is 1/2 price wine by the glass so we had fine wine to go with dinner.  Following dinner we had a small French Press of Coffee which was definitely enough for the two of us to enjoy with the Bread Pudding desert.  If you like Bread Pudding you are in for a treat.  My loves it and said this was the best she'd ever had.  She particularly liked the fresh figs in the Pudding.  We split everything and still took home a large cut of steak.  I am a guy that prefers dark restaurants so I was happier when the lights were dimmed around 8pm. Overall I really liked the food,  the service and the vibe of the restaurant.  We will definitely be back and I highly recommend that you give them a go as well.  Happy Dining!
2	In my opinion they talk the talk but not walk the walk with local ingredients. There are a lot of buzz words about supporting local farms, but not one of the protein choices were from local farms. Very disappointing. The food was good, but the service was severely lacking. We waited 45 minutes for the manager to fix our check. We had pointed out the fact that they had charged us half of what we should have been charged. A manager never came over to our table to apologize for the wait. I will say that the female bartender was AWESOME! She actually realized the situation right before we left and apologized profusely on their behalf. Food for the most part was good. Deviled Eggs were the highlight of our dinner. The burgers were good. Kind of reminded me of diner style burgers. But again, the lack of local meat being used when that is the expectation set by their marketing was extremely disappointing.
4	Came on a busy Friday night... Didn't have reservations but got seated on the porch within 10 minutes. Great outside atmosphere in the front of the restaurant, which is hidden in a shopping center on Providence Rd. Waiter was great - ran through specials like a boss. We opted to split a Caesar salad, just enough without ruining the meal which was out right afterword. You can dress up your burgers anyway you like. Burgers are small in size but big on taste. NY Cheddar + Bacon = Burger Lover Delight. Every additional topping you add to a plain burger it will cost you but it's worth it. My burger was $20. Great fries that come with the burger and an extensive drink list. Cool thought that this place is also an operating butcher shop - so if you want to take a cut back to grill on your own, you can. Couldn't get myself up to the challenge of ordering a Camel steak which was one of the night's specials. I'll go back on Hump Day.
5	Went to B&G tonight to try out something different. Hostess was fantastic and friendly when we walked in with no reservation, got seated in less than 10 minutes.One issue is that while sitting at the bar I definitely encountered some sticker shock. There's virtually nothing on the menu that's in the single-digit range besides their sides. I was definitely hoping to walk out for  less than $15 a person but you're looking at $20/person MINIMUM if you get waters and burgers. Word to the wise. I stopped feeling as apprehensive once our server (Matt) showed up. The "specials" speech is a little long but it rounds out a minimalistic menu with some exotic fare. From the beginning to the end service was top notch. Friendly without being intrusive, intuitive to a 'T'. Little things like not offering dessert when I clearly wanted the check are subtle but appreciated. We started out with the Fried Green Tomato Salad ($14). This is a pretty delicate dish, believe it or not, and as a native Alabamian I was prepared to say "meh". Instead I left pretty wowed. Nice and salty, still glistening, ACTUALLY GREEN tomatoes, and a sauce on top that actually added to the experience instead of detracting from a mediocre tomato like I've found happens in charlotte and high end eateries far too often. The greens under the tomatoes were damn good as well.We both cheaped out and got the Mushroom/Gouda burgers ($14). If you get the toppings separately the burgers are gonna be closer to 20 but you do get (spoiler) great thick cut fries with them. Of course they're referred to as Pommes Frittes here which mildly pissed me off haha.Burger meat was fantastic. Perfectly cooked. Gouda was perhaps more mild than I assumed but the mushrooms were a little fresher and harder to bite through than I expected. I'd much rather them be like they were than overcooked and super soft. Buns were almost a contention point. I cook a mean burger myself and almost NOTHING makes me more furious than a bun that gratuitously hangs over a patty. I saw our burgers waiting for us under the heatlamps in this style and prepared to be ticked off.No dice. The buns were so delicious that I forgot about how lame they looked. Normally I throw overhang away - the buttered bread was good enough on its own to eat. With the burger being out of the park, I can't Imagine how fantastic they would have been if the patty had been more flattened. To be clear I see where they're coming from - the sear on the outside provided a lot of perfectly medium center for my mouth to enjoy. Just a nit-pick I suppose.All in all I think B&G probably deserves a 4.25-4.5, mostly cause the value quotient just isn't there. It's a small place with an open kitchen so don't expect intimate conversation. They get 5 stars, however, to counteract the people who leave 1-star reviews where they detail how they had the audacity to confront another patron about their language. I experienced no crude behavior whatsoever during my visit but... seriously? Get the fuck outta here.
4	I've been to B&G a couple of times as a customer for the butcher shop part of the business. The quality of their meat is excellent, and they have very attentive customer service.Tonight we went in for dinner, as my mom is in town. I've been telling her about the place and she was eager to try it. I will agree with others who state it's not in an ideal location - but this is a classy, sleek joint. I was in the mood for a beer, and they have a lot on tap. I had a smoked amber that was very good. I ordered the Pork Belly appetizer, and my mom the Beef Tartare. I've had the Pork Belly before and it is amazing. The Bourbon-Sorghum glaze is delicious, and the Pork Belly cooked to perfection. My mom was very happy with the Tartare, but would have liked it served with a sturdy rye or different bread for texture. We both ordered the special of a Salem Hills Farm Grassfed Ribeye over a salad of heirloom tomatoes, arugula, and vinaigrette; and both ordered our steaks cooked black and blue. For those that don't know what black and blue is, it's a very rare steak - sear it and put it on the plate. :)  The steaks were cooked to perfection, and the heirloom tomato salad a perfect, bright complement. We also ordered two sides to split - the Garlic Cheese Mashed Potatoes and the Butter Wilted Spinach. Both were very good, and a good portion of each to split between two.Neither of us finished, and brought steak home...but that left room for dessert. I had the Banana Pudding, and my mom the Chocolate Creme Brulee. The banana pudding was very good - served with crisp Nilla wafers, lots of fresh bananas, a lovely Chantilly cream, and topped with caramelized bananas. The pudding itself was creamy and packed a punch of banana....also tasted like a banana puree. My mom liked her Chocolate Creme Brulee, particularly the richness of the chocolate.Our waitress, Red, was friendly, knowledgeable about the specifics on everything we asked her, and provided the great service that I would expect in a restaurant like this. All of the staff were friendly and attentive, and it was a great customer experience.Was it pricey? Yes. I don't mind paying for a seriously great meal. The only thing that kept them from five stars were the bar prices.
5	My boyfriend took me to Block and Grinder for my birthday and what a treat it was! Ther service was impeccable, the food was delicious, the portions were large and the ambiance was marvelous. I started with the fried green tomato salad. It tasted so fresh. My boyfriend started with the caprese which was equally as good. I had the short ribs -- they were perfectly flaky, tender and tasted so good that I forced myself to save some for breakfast the next morning. My boyfriend had the filet and there wasn't a piece left on his plate. Definitely go here! It is one of the best places to eat in Charlotte.
5	The Food. The atmosphere. The bar. I love it. Great food. Chill vibes. All local. Charlotte staple.
4	everything was so fresh and tastythe beef tartare: friend's favoritepork belly: super flavorful deviled eggs: not recommended. did not taste like goat cheese, tiny little itty bitty slice of prosciutto on each piecetomato, mozzarella salad w/ balsamic: loved! huge slices of tomatovery friendly server; loved the cute atmosphere.
5	Everything was delicious! The bone marrow was a very interesting appetizer that I am glad I got. The New York strip and spare ribs were some of the best I have ever had. I will be going back here often.
5	I will start out by saying they have a great local beer selection. Both I tasted were great suggestions...I will add them to my list...We started with the lamb lollypops and they were delicious! I had the Braised Short Ribs and my date had the venison chili. My dish was perfect in taste and temperature. Kenneth's not so much but it was so good he didn't want to send it back!  The servers are attentive and the atmosphere is peaceful. It was so quiet I didn't even realize there was a television on at the bar area. I enjoy an atmosphere where I can actually hear the others at my table...I will be back, this is now on my favorites in Charlotte list.
5	My husband had the best fillet in his life! He raised Herefords so this is quite the praise! I had the deviled eggs. Wasn't impressed. My mom makes better.
5	I've eaten at Block and Grinder 6 times now and it's been the most consistently great restaurant I've been to in years.  Consistent quality in food and people.  Outstanding food, great selection of beer and knowledgeable and courteous staff.  The Chef is really cool and is the kind of Chef who will come out and talk to customers and he's really down to earth.  One of Charlotte's very best.
5	Very good lunch today. Had the pork belly small plate, wife had the B&G burger.  Service was great, food was excellent, we look forward to coming back for dinner sometime soon!
4	Food was amazing!!!   Server was in serious need of training.  Food delivered to the table and she waited until we were half way thru the meal to check on us...even with the restaurant less than half way full.
4	I've been hearing a lot about this place but since my wife opted for a vegan food regimen, hitting up a place with counters of steaks and a menu focus on meat is going to make for a difficult date night. So when I was in the area on my own, I popped in for lunch.Nice menu with, of course, a lot of meats. I chose the store-made pastrami sandwich with a side of mac & cheese. Grilled on rye bread, the meat was tasty and the bread was crispy. Maybe a little greasy, but that's to be expected.The mac & cheese was excellent. I'm not sure what cheese they put in there, but it was creamy and tangy with a little bit of bite to it. Also a little oily at the bottom and that's also to be expected.Service was good, the speed of my meal was good and the price was acceptable.Looking forward to returning with a meat eater.
4	This terrific neighborhood steakhouse and butcher shop is a great alternative to the more upscale spots in SouthPark and Uptown, and a wonderful addition to South Charlotte's restaurant scene. My wife and I celebrated our anniversary there a few weeks back, and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Our filets were cooked to perfection, the salads were crisp and delicious, and our sides of Mac & Cheese and garlic mashed potatoes were both outstanding.For a restaurant its size, Block & Grinder boasts one of the best wine selections around, along with a knowledgeable waitstaff who can confidently recommend the best pairing for each meal. There's also a terrific selection of local craft beers on tap, and a small bar for when you just want to drop in for some drinks and an appetizer after work.Besides the wonderful meal and attentive service, what I liked most about this place was its casual, laid-back atmosphere. Feel free to leave the jacket at home -- you'll do fine in jeans and a polo shirt. It's the trendy neighborhood spot you'd expect to find in Dilworth or Uptown, yet only minutes from the Arboretum and Stonecrest. My wife and I will definitely be making another trip to Block & Grinder -- maybe next time, we'll even take home some chops for the grill.
4	I've heard wonderful things about B&G and decided to stop by last night with the girls. We began dinner with a bottle of Montepulciano, a delightful, smooth red wine shared among the three of us, and a perfect complement to our meal.Our waitress was very sweet and accommodating as we took our time catching up, drinking wine and browsing through the menu. We settled on the Pork Belly Pancakes, B&G Wild Game Chili and Beef Carpaccio as appetizers and this was definitely our favorite part of the meal! A lingering smoke followed my first bite of the pork belly and with the complement of a slight sweetness from slaw, made the perfect combination of originality and flavor. The Beef Carpaccio was thinly sliced, smeared with pesto sauce and sprinkled with greens and slices of parmesan while the chili provided the sweetest comfort on a cold, Fall day in November.The same endearing waitress sold us on the burgers as she referenced the premium quality of meat that B&G provides and the tenderness yielded from being grounded in-house. I went with the "Wild Game Burger" and last night's selection was Elk! Though the presentation was beautiful and I loved how B&G was branded on the burger, the flavors were sub par. The last time I had elk, I fell completely in love with its tenderness and flavors. I think a lot of those flavors were lost when grounded. Nonetheless it was a decent burger, but I will opt for one of the chef's selections next time.We ended the meal with house-made apple crumble and bread pudding. Both were delicious and I am a complete sucker for anything that is made in-house. The apple crumble was my favorite as the softness and warmth of the apples fit perfectly with the crunchy texture of the crumbs and the cold vanilla scoop of ice cream on top.I will definitely be back to B&G to try more of the small plates and probably a steak or the duck confit next time!
4	I'm so happy that I finally decided to check this place out. I recommend you do as well if you're looking for some delicious food.The location is nice, but I feel that the parking is a little tight.  Note that there is also additional parking underground!  Eating at Block & Grinder was the first time that I had used the underground parking, not too bad.I really liked the atmosphere of this place.  It's just the right size for a nice and intimate dinner with a small group of friends.  Of course you can have a bigger party there, but I enjoyed the intimacy I had with my friends.  Definitely check out the decor all around.  There were skillets near the wall I was sitting close to, and at the top near where they display the steaks, I noticed a grinder displayed within the wall.  I just loved looking all around at the different decorations.I had visited this place for dinner and it was just amazing.  If you are in a group and don't mind sharing, get varieties of the small plates.  I had tried the Pork Belly, B&G Wild Game Chili and the Beef Carpaccio.  The Beef Carpaccio was my favorite, but it was definitely hard to pick which one I loved the most at the time.  This morning, I did wake up craving those Pork Belly, so it made an impression on me.For my entree, I had ordered the Cajun Bison Burger.  I was super excited!  The burger was good, but I was hoping to have more taste of cajun spice, but I just didn't taste it.  It was still pretty good for a burger.  When I had asked for some pepper, I had pepper and three other selections for salt!  Try it out.  For my side, I had ordered some Garlic Mashed Potatoes and once that hit my mouth, I knew I mad the right decision in life.  Order it as your side!  The service here was really wonderful as well..  All the staff were pleasant and helpful.  You won't see a mean or sad face here.So my suggestion, if you live in Charlotte, check it out.
5	So B & G has been open about 1.5 years now and even though my favorite bartender in Charlotte, Kyle, no longer runs the fantastic little bar, I'm a huge fan. We go way back; won their summertime cocktail contest and my husband came in second. I also like to pick up steak or slab bacon (rare find in this city) while I'm there because the restaurant is also a butcher shop. Anyway, to the food. The menu changes seasonally and they get what they can from local farms, etc. Everything is just so thought through by Chef Ben from start to finish. The most recent visit was on one of their first nights with the fall/winter menu. We started with the bone marrow that's served with a great gremolata type spread/sauce. Killer stuff. My sister, who lives in L.A. and is a chef might I add, shared the wedge salad which is a deconstructed salad with butter lettuce in lieu of iceberg. Next....the big guns. I got the smoked pork cheeks which was one of the yummiest and most satisfying meals I've had in awhile. Highly recommend that. My husband got the always delish trout and my sister got the duck. I'm typically not a big duck fan but this was so succulent and my sister said "best duck I've ever had". Just go. Just go already!Also, wine by the glass is half off on Monday. Not sure if bottles are half off....Plus, we had a server we'd never had before. Actually everyone in there on Monday was new to me. Savvas was our server and he was outstanding.
5	The best Burger place in Charlotte! Without a doubt. Had a lamb Burger with feta cheese and curry aioli. AMAZING! Price is ok. A Burger cost somewhere around 15 dollars, but it is totaly worth it
3	This place was alright.It's super pricey, but to be honest, I don't think it deserves the steep price tag.You can get crazy fancy stuff here like bone marrow (not my cup o' tea but hey...you can get it). I got a veggie burger, and while it was branded with the letters "BG," it just didn't stand out too much otherwise.Dinner for three was about $200. Yet, the place is in a shopping center.If you wanna impress a snooty person, bring them here. Otherwise, Red Robin has a similar tasting veggie burger for 7 bucks.
3	Burgers were outstanding but the steak...well, for a $30 steak in a butcher shop, it shouldn't have been chewy. However, those burgers were enough to make me come back! And the fries? Some of the best I ever had. I gave my husband my steak in return for his fries...boy, that tells you something, eh? The meat was cooked well and was very juicy but I just couldn't chew it enough to get it down. I actually did that disgusting thing where I chewed as much as I could turn discretely took the steak carcass out of my mouth and deposited it in a tissue on my lap. I'm hoping no one saw this but the alternative was to not even have the few bites I did. We made reservations and it's a good thing we did. Still, we were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room/area. I hate that! I'd much prefer a booth - especially as we were the ones courteous enough to reserve in advance. Why not take my preference into account ahead of the walk-ins? So, menu is good: somewhat expensive, good selection. The spread went between $38 steaks and then burgers which seemed a little off. If I'm having a $100 meal, do I want to be next to a group of college kids having burgers and beers? You wouldn't hear them anyway as it's awfully loud. The deviled eggs were good - a shot of vinegar really woke them up. The peanut butter chocolate bread pudding sounded better than it was. It tasted burnt to me as chocolate cake sometimes does when it's thin and overcooked. However, the salted ice cream that came with it was marvelous. We wanted to end with a coffee as it smelled so yummy but they only serve French press and that's not really a great idea at 9pm for some people (ahem..not me...)All in all, a mixed review. If you want an expensive 3-course romantic dinner, look elsewhere. If you want a great burger ($13) in a jumping small place - oh, and the fried were AHHHMAAAZZIINNGGG - turn this is a great spot. It succeeds in one area well but I think they are trying too hard to be a fine dining establishment.
5	Such a unique place & a great find. Our waitress was funny, knowledgable, and did a fantastic job. The food was amazing. We will definitely return and recommend this restaurant to other couples!
3	"Oui, chef. One filet mignon, three lamb, two duck." -- Ratatouille (2007)I make a lot of business trips to Charlotte and I'm always looking for a great meal. My boss brought me here almost a year ago and we enjoyed it so much that when a coworker and I were back in town we opted to come back.We had no reservation this time, so when we stepped into the restaurant, which was empty at 7pm, the hostess asked us if we had a reservation. I told her no and she gave me a look like there was no way they could accommodate us. Ummm, what? She looked around and saw the same thing I did - an empty restaurant. She begrudgingly sat us as a 4-top table, with little favor. Ok, sure.Our waitress came over quickly and asked for drink orders - neither of us wanted to drink as it had been one of those days where we just wanted yummy food and then to go crash back at the hotel.  We discussed with her the charcuterie plate first and then she asked if we wanted to go ahead and place our entree order.  So we did.  I opted for the filet - I got the ribeye last time and while it was delicious, my friends filets looked better. And since I really wanted something starchy, I got 2 sides - the garlic mash and the spinach - a trade off. My coworker also ordered a filet and he got the 3-cheese mac and cheese.After a time, our steaks came out... but no charcuterie. Weird. So when the server came back by, we asked to make sure it was not on the bill. She politely told us we never ordered one. Okay, sure. She won't be winning any server awards. The food was delightful - my steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare, as I ordered (I was worried after the charcuterie debacle). The spinach was my favorite side of the 3 at the table, with the mac and cheese a very close runner up. I love a great sauteed spinach and this one still had some integrity - not overly wilted - and with some good flavor. The mac and cheese had a good crispy texture from the topping and was not overly cheesy so that you felt ill afterward. The mashed potatoes were good, but no different than anywhere else.We decided to get desserts since we were denied an appetizer - I can rarely pass up a creme brulee, but I probably should have this time around. It was touted as Dark Chocolate, but it was weak in chocolate flavor - kind of flat. It needed a serious punch to be able to carry the name Dark Chocolate. My coworker ordered the Apple Crumble which had much more flavor and creativity in the dessert.Overall, I do recommend B&G. The food is great, but this trip the service was lacking and the dessert was a disappointment for me. But that won't keep me from going back.
