1	Worst BofA EVER.  I will readily drive to the other side of the city before I go here.  No one who works there speaks English as their first language and if the language barrier isn't enough when you are trying to deal with people with a topic as sensitive as your money, their employees aren't knowledgeable, friendly or helpful.I went here first and was absolutely frustrated.  I called the 800 customer service number and spoke with a manager there, she was shocked at how unhelpful the people there were.  She kept saying "and they couldn't just do this there?"  and "Our policy is that you just take it into your local banking center".  I needed an account verification form filled out.  I took it to the next closest BofA the next day and they were able to help me without all the drama.  I absolutely will not go back for anything other than the ATM.
5	I receive fine service every time I come here. The employees are mainly Hispanic as noted in a previous review, but this is a Hispanic neighborhood. There is no language barrier and I am always treated with the utmost care when I bank here.
1	I've never had to walk out of a Bank of America before this one. Avoid this location if you can, drive 20 minutes out of the way to avoid the extra 1.5 hour wait you're sure to endure here. It is understaffed, and just inappropriately slow. The first time I walked out went like this. I walk in and was greeted by some host type of guy , who asked me what I needed help with. I told him "wiring money" , he tells me to go ahead and wait in line to see a teller. 40 minutes later I finally get up to the cashier cage. Tell the lady I need to wire some money, she says "oh you need to see a banking specialist for that, want me to go ahead and check you in?" .....I'm mad, still quiet but mad, I explain that I was told by the host to wait in the teller line, and asked if it would be ok if I skipped the people waiting to see a banking specialist since none of them were in line as long as I was. She said......"no sir, I'm sorry, they're checked in ahead of you" . I told her I know that, but they weren't here when I should have been checked in by the host guy. She apologized again and said "you're all checked in now, shouldn't be too long". Haha, not too long indeed , I was 5th in line to see the one banking specialist. The people being helped while I sat at first we're just talking about the features of a debit card and how it worked for like 20 minutes, it was like these 50 something year old people had never been in a bank before, never existed in reality, you should've heard the questions they were asking, it was ridiculous. So I left, it shouldn't take 2 hours of bs to get helped at a bank . Damn. Ok, venting partially completed. Oh yeah, I asked if there was a bathroom,  "not for customers". They expect you to hang around in this place for hours and don't think they should let you use the bathroom. It's such a bank like thing to do. Avoid. Final word - Avoid.
1	This bank is horrible I am so glad I am no longer a customer. This bank is like the Walmart of banks 30 people in line 2 tellers and 10 other employees walking around looking at the wall paper. If you are in a hurry avoid this location.
