4	Went for lunch today (12/6/12), and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. I ordered the Wild Boar burger (whoa, I ate wild boar!), and, although the patty was quite small, I was full at the end of the meal. The flavor of the burger/toppings was really nice, and the fries were great. Be warned, though, that burgers come with a small side of coleslaw, but any other sides (fries, sweet potato fries, etc) cost extra.The guy I went with had the Bison Burger, and enjoyed it, though he did not like his sweet potato fries (they were "soggy").It is a little pricey for lunch (approx. $20 if you get a burger with a side and drink), but at least you get a free warm chocolate-chip cookie at the end of your meal!!!   +1Also, I love that the place is so new that it still smells like fresh-cut wood! Yum!
2	Came here for lunch on a Thursday with some co-workers.  We left with mixed feelings, most of us disappointed and won't be back. This place is pretty new.  It opened in the space that Ian's Pizza moved out of.  They spent quite a bit of work to completely redo the interior.  They attempted to capture the up north feel, with lots of cedar wood and country decor.   There was a gas fireplace in the middle of the dining room which I really liked.  I got the whitefish hoagie.   The menu said that all sandwiches were served with a side of sweet mustard cole slaw."   Hmm...I don't remember tasting any mustard, or any sweetness, or anything all.   It was weak, mostly watery cabbage with a touch of cream.    My sandwich was okay.  The red pepper aioli didn't stand out.  I actually thought it was melted cheese until I reviewed the menu just now.  There wasn't any tartar sauce served.The sides are kind of a rip; especially the traditional fries.  They're a $3 add on and they could've easily been from the frozen section at Woodman's Foods.  One of my co-workers got the Wild Boar Burger, fries, and a CAN of beer.  His bill was $17 before tip.   Seemed pretty steep for a lunch.  It'd be different if any of the 3 items were standout, but they were lacking.One co-worker had the grilled cheese sandwich with fig jam & sliced apples.  He was really happy with it.  Out of our group of 5, he's the only one that said he'd come back.
2	We went to Buck & Badger last night with friends for dinner (6pm on a Saturday night).  When we arrived, there is a hostess stand right inside the front door with the usual "please wait to be seated" sign.  So we waited.....and waited...and waited.  No hostess appeared.  Two groups of people came in behind us and joined the wait for the elusive hostess.  The bar area was crowded and the bartenders definitely noticed the large crowd waiting to be seated, but made no move to summon a hostess.  Finally, our friends texted us to let us know they were already at a table (they had asked the hostess to let us know, but since she had disappeared, we didn't get the message).  So we went to sit down- I never saw the groups behind us come into the dining room, so I am guessing they got fed up waiting and left.  Our waitress was very pleasant and friendly and brought us our drinks right away.  As a previous poster mentioned, the beer came in cans, even though there is a full bar with plenty of beer on tap.  Two of us ordered the bison burger, which was just ok- it was pretty small (the waitress said it was 1/3 lb, but it seemed smaller) and definitely NOT worth the $11 price, especially considering that sides are not included and cost extra.  The regular french fries were pretty lackluster- maybe a step up from McDonald's fries, and the sweet potato fries were soggy.  My fiance said the whitefish hoagie was nothing special and our friend who had the french fried cheese said it was not very good.  There were some decent parts of the meal, our friends noted that the twice baked potato and french onion soup were delicious.  At the end of the meal we were given a plate of chocolate chip cookies, which were ok, but they were basically just mass produced cookies that had been warmed in the microwave to make them seem fresh-baked.  I would much rather they forget the cookies and just focus on serving better food.Overall, we felt like the food was bland and very overpriced, and while our waitress was ok, the service in general was pretty poor.    We will not be going back.
3	I went to the Buck and Badger over the weekend.  Background info: I was there at ten on Saturday night.  So it was a little busy but not crowded by any means.  I was at a table of ten where each person was ordering a single item (i.e. beer, water or soda).  Not too difficult?  Well the waitress was rude, slow and inaccurate.  I know ten is quite a bit but you are writing it down.She was not prompt in checking in on us nor was she accurate.  I asked for my check and she said I owed for way more drinks.  I was the first one to pay, so she could have figured it out.  It took her ten minutes to come back to figure out she added too many items, after I told her exactly what was on my bill.  I paid my bill, then I found out I was still overcharged for one of my drinks.  I did not have the menu when I ordered but my friend caught an overcharge.  She and I had the same items.  Overall, very disappointed in the service.  It is Saturday night get someone who can handle the pressure.  I would go there again but I would hope for another server.  Otherwise, the beer selection, wine selection and fun items (shot skis AND paddles) were impressive.
3	I always get wary when a restaurant tries to hard to push a theme.  In this case, Buck and Badger is supposed to resemble an "Up North" restaurant with a stuffed moosehead (fake me thinks) and a log cabin motif. Nevertheless, I thought to give it a whirl as we biked down State Street on one of the first nice days of Spring.  The menu is typical American fare-wings, some salads, hamburgers made from the various animals (cow, boar, lamb, bison), and entrees.  I opted for the Duck Salad (no tomatoes)  while my 9 year old daughter went with the children's Mac and Cheese.  The meal took a tad bit long to come out with our waiter coming out to inform us they made the salad with the tomatoes and were making me a new one.  I was happy to hear that until the second attempt at the salad came out.  Evidently, when I requested no tomatoes, the cook also thought Ihe/she should include any other vegetable-it was missing the red peppers, onions, and celery that the menu described  While the duck was well prepared and the apple cider vinaigrette adding a nice acid to cut through the richness of the duck, the salad lacked anything crunchy and therefore was forgettable.   My daughter's mac and cheese was generous in size and I appreciated the fact that the sauce was homemade and well balanced.  Good but nothing to come back for.Buck and Badger would do better if it lessened the schtick around the Northwoods (really, the kid's menu item comes with an antler crown which basically guarantees a therapy visit or two when they get older from the humiliation), reduced the size of their menu, and focused on delivering well executed meals.  While I would say that the restaurant won't be around long due to the amount of nearby competition (The Fountain, Coopers, etc), they probably will as the owner also owns the Capitol Tap Haus (yawn) and the Ivory Room (license to print money).
2	I feel pretty let down by my two experiences at Buck & Badger.I've been for lunch and dinner. Both times, service was pretty slow, despite there not being many customers. I had the chicken pot pie ($13), which was served in a sort of upside down pyramid of a bowl... It looked large when it first came, but soon revealed itself to be shallow and a pretty sad portion for the price. It wasn' particularly flavorful either. My date had a burger, which he said was just ok. Went back a different day and had the grilled cheese with apples and fig spread. The apples turned out to be more like apple pie filling. Way too sweet! Also, $8 for a grilled cheese is quite steep, especially since you also have to pay extra to get a side of fries.I would love to love Buck & Badger, since I work a block away and they have a lovely fireplace. I can imagine having lunch there while reading a book by the fire. But I guess what it comes down to, is there are much higher quality and less expensive places to go in the area.
3	I wasn't blown away by this place. The food was decent but the restaurant setting was good leaning toward great. It has a great feel to it and definitely is trying to bring a Northwoods feel to Madison. This was a spur of the moment stop for dinner. This is a place I could see myself stopping in more for the bar than to sit down for dinner.Our waitress was great and it does have outside seating (however, I did not sit outside).For those who are looking for a good root beer on tap this place does have Sprechers. Overall it was a good experience.
4	Ok, well, let's get a few things out of the way first.This place isn't very big, so there's not much space to do anything. It's also kind of expensive when it comes to drinks around Madison. So why am I giving it four stars? Well, a drink purchase here can be used as the cover to get into the Ivory room, and the second, and much more important reason, is that they have shot skis.SHOOOOOOOOT SKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS!!!!!!!!!
2	Food is great. Flank steak meatloaf is amazing.  Duck breast is fabulous.   Unfortunately service is not. Two of us ordered soup this evening one came out with a the main course. Couldn't even fit it all on the table. My meal on the other hand never made it out she totally didn't even bring it.  This is 3rd time at his restaurant and service has been less than adequate.  Probably will not be back too many choices of great restaurants on State Street.
4	Although Buck and Badger has a whole section on their menu devoted to delicious looking meat burgers, I went against conventional wisdom and ordered their Veggie Burger. What the what?? I promise you it's good. The grilled portabella topped with grilled peppers and provolone cheese tastes almost like meat, if not better. Buck and Badger also has some really great cocktails (The One that Got Away, which is Jack Daniels Tennessee Honey with root beer, is tasty) as well as a large selection of beer. They also host Geeks Who Drink Trivia on Tuesdays.
4	Great overall experience.  The atmosphere and presentation were different but really cool. Food was a bit pricy but satisfying.
2	A friend recommended this place, so the other night while i was downtown I decided to check it out with a friend. We were there about 9:30pm and were seated immediately - we chose to have a seat inside. My friend ordered the steak sandwich and fries. He thought the sandwich was "fine." I ordered the "shoestring fries" which were just regular fries and were virtually tasteless; I didn't think they were good at all. I also ordered the French Fried Cheese, which were like mozzarella sticks but with Wisconsin cheddar. They were warm-ish and the cheese wasn't melty at all. Overall, I wasn't impressed and I don't plan to return.
4	The food is good and a great selection of beer. Friendly staff. The inside atmosphere is like a lodge.
1	If your idea of 'comfort food' is overpriced, gummy, tasteless and fried carbs smothered in cheese and/or bacon, then by all means, help yourself to some diabetes in a bread bowl. I scoured the menu and couldn't find a damn thing that wasn't carb-based or slathered in meat or dairy. I'm not even vegan or vegetarian. I just don't like my food to sit like a rock at the bottom of my stomach for 6+ hours after I eat it.I've never wanted to stick my finger down my throat so long after eating half an entree, so thanks for getting me to try new things, Buck & Badger.
3	My boyfriend's family and I were looking forward to trying this north woods themed restaurant and bar, as we are lovers of being up north and miss that feeling down here in Madison. I will say that this restaurant provided this ambiance and did it very tastefully. However, the food was severely lacking.We all ordered burgers and were surprised to see that the burgers didn't come with french fries, instead they came with coleslaw. This would have been acceptable if the coleslaw was any good. But it had zero flavor and was a huge disappointment. Also my boyfriend's mother ordered french fries and they came out stone cold and soggy, pretty gross actually. She told the waiter and he brought out a fresh hot order of fries, but they were still soggy. Our burgers were cooked perfectly and very delicious however.Service was decent, but nothing to write home about.
3	I only came here for drinks. Their specials are inexpensive and pretty good. Save your receipt and you can use it instead of paying cover charge to enter ivory.
1	Horrible!!!! It took an hour for us to get our food!! No apology for the server! We will never go back!
5	Great Food!! Outdoor seating right on State Street. Adorable Wait Staff ! Have the Cheese Curd Fritters! Rockin!!
2	Three friends and I were looking for a restaurant on State Street for dinner before a show at the Overture Center. One friend said he was really craving a burger, so when we came upon the Buck & Badger, we decided to give it a try. We figured if they were able to afford to be so close to the Capitol, they had to be pretty decent. Unfortunately, this was not the case.We were seated right away and were served drinks pretty quickly, which seemed promising, although the specialty Jack Daniels cocktails two of us ordered came in disappointingly small glasses. But then after we ordered our food we waited. And waited and waited. It was at least a half an hour before our food arrived, so even though we had initially given ourselves well over an hour to eat before our show started, we felt rushed once we finally got our food.The food itself was okay, but nothing that wowed us. I chose not to spend the extra $3 for a side because I thought the coleslaw that came with my sandwich would be good enough -- who seriously wants to spend $3 for a side order of fries? -- but the coleslaw  was absolutely tasteless. The menu describes it as "sweet mustard cole slaw" but it was basically wet cabbage. My chicken sandwich, while nice and hot, was also pretty bland. The sweet potato chip breading didn't have as much flavor as I'd anticipated, and they really skimped on the chipotle mayo. My friends enjoyed their burgers but didn't seem overly impressed, and the long wait certainly didn't help.If I'd had a chance to read reviews before we went there, I don't think we would have gone in the first place knowing that we had a show to get to and others have experienced the same very long wait we did. Also, other reviewers mentioned that they received complimentary chocolate chip cookies. We didn't get any, so either they no longer do this, or they were forgotten since we had to flag down our waitress just to pay the bill so we could get to our show on time. Either way, this was a disappointing dining experience, and with so many other restaurants on State Street, I wouldn't bother with a second visit to the Buck & Badger.
4	Trivia tuesday!!! What a fun time testing our trivia skills, enjoy a couple of appetizers,  and beer. They have a good selection of beer on draft abd I believe have bottle beer too. Definitely support local wisconsin beer! Our bartender was super friendly, he even bring us cookies during trivia.
1	Move along folks there's nothing to see here! We went here for takeout during a jazz at 5 concert. The burger was huge and undercooked, it had a burger king like charcoal taste without the beef flavor. I ordered cheddar and they apologized for only having white cheddar! Ah this is Wisconsin.....  The whitefish sandwich we ordered was good. The French fries here were unexplainably greasy and limp. The cole slaw was very vinegar tainted. Overall an unimaginative kitchen in a neighborhood brimming with great alternative choices.
3	Fairly new establishment that took over for the pizza place (Ian's) that moved to across the street. Feels like a huge sauna in here. They definitely put some money into the place. I did not eat here, so this review is really just to remind me to return next time for some grub!
4	I like the food here. I like sitting outside when it's nice out and sitting inside for the cozy cabin interior during winter. I like coming here at night and grabbing a drink to waive my cover for the piano bar. I like the convenience of this place.Sure, the food isn't the best or most unique in Madison, but it's bar food. I think Buck & Badger is at least 3.5 stars and will give the benefit of the doubt since we can't do half stars on yelp!
3	Great service,food was tasty but you get charged 50 cents for a side of ranch. Coleslaw that comes with sandwiches standard is tasty-we also had sides of sweet potato fries and French fries. Husbands burger was average. Sandwiches a bit on messy side due to dressings. Great decor- Northwoods theme. Good beer selection. Tasty Bloody Mary with garnishes.
3	I've been here twice, both times on Trivia night on Thursday. Geeks Who Drink is a very fun group, I always have a blast. My choice of beer: Moose Drool. Yum, and only $3 on Thursday. I'm a little biased because I love stout and Dark Ales, so drink with discretion. Service is amazing. So on top of their game, and constantly replenished us with beer when I asked. They're also pretty nice, which is always a plus.The space is too small for the events they advertise! Definitely not enough space to hold many groups of people who aren't willing to share chairs. On any other night if you're coming in and out, the place is more than accommodating; but on a busy night when people are trying to sit, eat, and socialize? No. Overall, very willing to come back to be impressed. The fries didn't impress me, so I'm hoping to come back for a meal.
2	went to b & b for trivia and dinner.  ordered the beef stew and i think i got something straight out of a pinterest fail.  it seemed like dinty more canned soup mixed with cheese spread and stored in a crock pot for a week.  the server was inattentive and the venue was too loud and awkward for trivia.  i sent back the "beef stew" and i ordered a spinach salad with spinach duck breast,  walnuts,onions and feta, which was just alright.
