5	Krista helped me develop a personal branding strategy that almost instantly yielded results.  Although I interviewed three experts for this important assignment, I hired Krista because she took time to get to know me, my industry, and my potential.  It is important for her to do the job right.  She has the keen sense to ask the right questions.  She is a valuable resource who shared gold nuggets of information that are still yielding fruit.  I would recommend her to my family and good friends, and anyone who wanted to gain the competitive edge of being at the head of the pack.  Two thumbs way up!
5	Krista did an outstanding job creating my resume and cover letter. She knows the questions to ask to find skills you posses (even ones you don't know you have). The way she put my resume into words is amazing. Many of my friends were skeptical about paying to have a resume done but once I showed them the results they were as amazed as I was. Thank you for a job well done!D. Johnson
5	Two words- highly recommended! Krista was able to highlight the strengths in my current field of work so that I was able to transition over to a new line of work. She was very easy to work with over the phone, which was also very convenient for me due to my hectic schedule. When my wife is ready I also plan on having Krista work her magic. Thanks again for a job well done!
5	Krista does a great job of whipping a resume into shape! She made short work of a very outdated, almost unusable resume. She takes time to get to know her clients! After finding out about your experiences and career goals, she'll make sure to build a resume to drive home your desired career path to potential employers. Her rates are extremely reasonably, as well as her expedited services have a quick turn around time. She made sure to deliver a quality product in a timely manner. After submitted the new and improved resume from Krista, there has been many immediate responses! So far, there have been 4 phone interviews, all promising an advance to the next step of the interview process. Very impressed with Krista! she knows how to write a great resume for a job in the technology field.
