4	The enigmatic Fred may have gone, the name on the door may have changed, but underneath the express makeover the place very much remains The Little Inn, bar the name.Sadly, despite the new lady owner being perfectly pleasant, she's not yet a patch on the local legend that was Fred. He's now off to sunnier climes, and his perfect mix of charisma, erratic behaviour, and typical French befuddlement at the peculiarities of life in the UK, will be sorely missed.Fingers crossed the new tenant can one day take up a place in EH8 folklore.
3	A solid and reliable wee sandwich shop, Wee Bite is nestled just off the Royal Mile, on St Mary's Street. It's simple and straightforward and chases hunger away unfussily, so if that's what you're after, this is the place for you.Overall, we said: "I thought Wee Bite was pretty good. It's not going to set the heather on fire, but in terms of dealing with your lunchtime hunger in a fashion that will leave you feeling satisfied, I think it showed that it was more than capable of doing so. Cost wise, it's probably priced for it's proximity to the Royal Mile, so doesn't represent fantastic value, but I'd happily pop in again if I find myself in the neighbourhood."
3	After a tip off from my boss this place has become my regular lunch stop. The food is by no means thrilling, but does fill me up for most of the afternoon. it's pretty cheap too if you're looking for a fast and frugal lunch. Everything has cheese on it in this shop, that you can eat anyways...
5	Wee Bite is a small, but comfortable restaurant. The environment is calm, and the staff is friendly. I had the Bacon Roll and the Hot Chocolate. The Bacon Roll was simple, but it was nice; a true gem for bacon-lovers. The Hot Chocolate was smooth and rich, but not too rich. An excellent value for the money.
3	Like other have said this is a small place with with food that is by no mean thrilling but it tastes decent and fills you up. We were staying at a hotel just down the street and used this as our breakfast place each morning. Good food, ok coffee at a decent price compared to other things in the area.
