4	I love buying and cooking with flavored olive oils and vinegars. Olive Gourmet opened up near my house right as I was running low, and I needed to stop in immediately. The owners are very nice and friendly, the selection of olive oils they have on hand is great, and the quality is outstanding. I like that I was able to sample the olive oils and balsamics in the store before buying them, and I frequently stop by just to see what's new. Fantastic store, and I'm glad it opened.
5	When my BFF when on a rave about this "olive oil place" that she had found, I thought to myself... hmmm sounds interesting, but I certainly wasn't breaking any speed limits to get there. And yet today I barely had one foot in the door when I realized the error of my dismissive ways! It wasn't that I didn't know these things existed. Quite contraire. But until now there was no place on the west side that one could do tastings and pairings. This is essential if you are a little obsessive about cooking.I don't even quite know where to begin except to say that I seriously had to control my urge to buy one of each. And as the lovely couple that owns the establishment was packing up my case (yes I said case), I decided that this was potentially a dangerous place for me to frequent.They have a selection of both nine plain - which is sort of a misnomer as you can make your selection from mild to robust flavors - and twelve flavored oils. Flavored oils that made the cut today were the all natural buttered which I have already lightly drizzled over steamed veggies and had I not known, would have thought I was being overly sinful. The owner suggested a light sprinkle over pop corn and I am SO there with her on that one! The next up was basil. Fresh and herby - the mix of the crisp OO combined with the sweet smoothness of the basil... well let's just say yum!  Garlic was the third one that made its way in to the box. This EVOO will be a staple in lightly flavoring the pan on anything Mediterranean or Italian that passes  across my stove top. The organic Tuscan herb is the obvious choice for dipping either crudites or crusty bread - this one is so popular they were temporarily out, so I was only able to sample. Trust me - I will be back for this one!  The final oil that came home was the one of the three specialty oils. I chose the toasted almond. This one is a couple of dollars more, but wow! This would be phenomenal for a healthier baking substitute, any kind of salad with a nutty flair, fruit... I swear you could drizzle this on ice cream.And that leads me to the balsamics. They have 11 flavored traditional reds, 4 whites, and 3 specialties. Today I picked up the strawberry to pair with the basil OO. Sprinkle this combination over some watermelon with mint and no one will be able to resist you! I snagged the white cranberry pear for it's tart start with a sweet finish. I can't wait to use this in my fall recipes and have already started working up ideas for holiday meals that will star this little number. The dark chocolate is going to be perfect with strawberries and I'm pretty sure when paired with the toasted almond oil will be sublime.When all was said and done, I had filled up the better part of a case and had a smile from ear to ear. Now looking back at their website I am kicking myself for not having tried at least 4 other items. I will have to settle for creating my own combinations of flavors until I return to add to the collection.The best part of all of this is that is is actually reasonably priced for the quality, quite a decent value when you consider that you will be using teaspoons (or at most a tablespoon) to produce huge flavors, and is a vast improvement health-wise as a substitute for more traditional alternatives.They have a punch card program that earns your free products and are open 7 days a week. I dearly hope people try this place and keep it afloat. It is without a doubt, my new crush!
2	I was on the hunt for fancy, specialty olives to make a special olive vodka for the holidays.... Saw this place was opened and so excited..... until we found out they do not sell a single olive at the Olive Gourmet. How is this possible? Frankly, I am shocked and oh so dissapointed.
5	I was pleased to find we have a gourmet olive oil and vinegar store, Olive Gourmet, here in the West Valley!  For me it is only a short 6 mile drive to this newish upscale mall, Park West Mall in Surprise. I was encouraged to visit Olive Gourmet after reading Julie P's enthusiastic Yelp review. And I'm so glad I did. OG has 21 olive oils, including flavored olive oils, and over 15 balsamic vinegars. All are available for tasting. Their products are sold in attractive tall 12 oz. bottles.After tasting I chose the Tuscan Herb olive oil. It has the most delicious subtle taste of herbs. I find it's perfect for dipping bread and adding to cooked vegetables. My other choice was the Raspberry balsamic vinegar - intense and smooth. I've made my own raspberry vinaigrette from it, so I'll forget about buying prepared dressings after tasting mine.Betsy, the friendly and helpful saleslady was a pleasure to do business with. While there I sampled a wonderful lemon pound cake made from their lemon olive oil. It was delicious and they shared the recipe. Olive Gourmet's frequent buyer card is an incentive to visit again. My next visit will be to purchase their heavenly dark chocolate balsamic vinegar. I'm told it is wonderful over fresh strawberries.  Can't wait!
4	There are precious few interesting gourmet food places in the West Valley, but Olive Gourmet is one of them. Located on Northern just west of the 101 in the Park West Mall. Sample both plain and flavored olive oils, and flavored balsamic vinegars. It did strike me as odd that you sample the oils and vinegars straight and not with bread or crackers, but I suppose you get a better sense of the flavor that way. Word to the wise- do NOT fill the entire sample cup with olive oil or you will feel obligated to drink it all! I find that just enough to cover the bottom of the cup is about right for a good taste.The owners are in the store all the time and happy to help or chat. Surprisingly enough, the prices are pretty reasonable, even (or maybe especially) for the aged balsamic vinegars. They also have a stamp card where after purchasing a certain number of bottles you get one free.
1	I've been here several times even during the hours it says here on the glass I'm never able to get it nobody is never in the store it's always locked when I check the door I'm here constantly I go to the movies a lot Harkins is right next door but I'm never able to get in there I don't know what's up with this location looks neat but I can never get in there. So if any of you people get to check this place out let me know what is a good time because I have no clue.
1	Third time here it's never open.I'm at Harkins a couple nights a week that's the movie theater I walk in front of the store they never seems to be anybody there.
1	Third time here it's never open.Walk by last night still no changes or was locked
5	Great selection of olive oils and vinegars. I always come to get my traditional balsamic vinegar, maybe some picual olive oil, and sometimes sesame seed oil. It is a fun place to come sample, buy some stuff, and talk to the owners. If you've never tried good olive oil give this place a whirl.And before going crazy on the flavored vinegars, try the traditional balsamic. Just once. It is worth it!
5	I've been searching for some good quality olive oils & this came up while on Yelp.  Parking was easy, off to the side & the lady working was so sweet.  I told her this was my first time visiting so she explained the different oils & vinegars.  There's mini cups to sample everything.  I tried the espresso balsamic which was so amazing but I decided to go with just a plain balsamic since that's what I was needing.  I also got small sample (about 2oz, $5) of the organic garlic olive oil.  I'm actually regretting not getting a bigger bottle because this stuff is AMAZING! I think I'm going to be putting little bottles in everyone's stockings for Christmas, haha.   Prices were fair & there's so many different flavors to try, next time I'll be picking up the chipotle olive oil which I sampled & was great.
