4	Why 4 stars? It's McDonalds, that's why. Its consistent but not great. But we were all raised on this stuff so its hard to hate it. This particular McDonalds is clean and remodeled. Service is on the slower side and one time they totally drove me crazy by not accepting a McDonalds coupon that I got in a Pats Run swag bag. I'm grateful to have it in the neighborhood.
5	This is a nice, clean location, has dual drive thru lanes, and is insanely fast!! I am very impressed with how efficient they are.
5	Probably the nicest McDonalds I've been in in a while. Staff is friendly, place is spotless, and on table has video games built into the counter for the kids. Pretty cool.
2	To say the employees here are rude would be putting it mildly. I come here frequently, not because it is the best McDonald's, but rather because it is the closest McDonald's. The food here is okay at best, for a McDonald's. It's certainly better than either location on Chandler Boulevard. However, my major complaint is that no matter what time of day I come or if I go drive through versus inside, not a single employee thanks me for my business. It especially irks me because as someone who has worked customer service, I always make a point of thanking the people who are providing me the service. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the same courtesy from people where I choose to spend my money, thus providing them a job.Apart from the blatantly rude service, this location seems to have a problem with employees never emptying trash cans. Especially at the drive through. I can't count how many times I've come, even in the morning, and that trashcan is overflowing. I'm not sure if it's a problem for the health department or not, but I can tell you that it's really disgusting to see birds and flies hang around the trashcan right in front of where I'm picking up my food. Food and trash literally overflow. It's a similar case inside the restaurant, especially at the cans near the bathroom.Overall this is an okay McDonald's if you just need one that's close by, but don't expect it to be a great McDonald's.
4	This place was fancy. Decorated nicely, even filled with video games to keep those screaming kids quiet.Food was super fresh. They perfected my double cheesy burger, tons of seasoning and diced onions. My only complaint is that they put both slices of cheese in between the meat patties instead of the cheese, meat, cheese, meat setup that every other Mc Donalds does.Clean bathrooms, friendly service...perfect rest stop.
