4	This pizza place is one of my favorite places to go to, especially with a group.  The price is very reasonable and the employees are always super friendly.  the only complaint is that sometimes it takes a bit too long for the food to come out and ironically, the slower the restaurant, the longer it takes for the food to be served.  I suppose that makes sense as they don't have everything prepped, but even so, sometimes it feels a bit too long.  The pizza is very good and they have some decent lunch specials. they also have a nice 8inch pizza that is about $6.  My whole family really enjoys the garlic knots from the appetizer menu and they run about $5.  My kids are older now, but one thing that I really loved when they were younger was the kids menu slice of pizza comes out already cut into little bite size squares.  This comes in pretty handy with little ones! All in all, a great place with good food for a good price.
5	Had lunch their today with my husband and toddler.  I was impressed that the lady that greeted us was nice enough to wipe down the high chair before she sat us. The lady however, not sure if she was the manager/owner/employee (was difficult to tell as she wasn't in any kind of uniform or anything signifying that she was in charge- if she WAS the owner/manager i would suggest cleaning up a bit, as the servers were much more presentable than she was. HOWEVER  she was VERY nice and friendly and immediately grabbed us some cut up crust to give the baby.  The last time we were here, the food took almost 45min (for 2 lunch specials) but was REALLY good, so although we were a little hesitant on the time frame, im glad we went. The food is FANTASTIC!! EVERYTHING tastes very fresh and comes out steaming hot. My hubbys calzone was literally oozing with cheese- definitely no skimping. My 8" pie had the right amount of sauce/cheese/toppings and their RANCH is AWESOME!!! Our server was polite and attentive, but not annoying. The music was loud enough to hear, but not so loud we couldn't have a conversation.The 2 of us left completely stuffed on delicious, fresh food and for just over $17. And the goodies for the baby were free.
1	You get overly pricey New York prices and slow New York service.   Want affordable yummy food? Fageetaboutbit.
4	Our first time here.  We tried the Caprese and Blanca pizzas, Spinch dip and had cheesecake and cookie and cream for dessert. Everything was fresh, hot and flavorful. Our server, Ryan, was awesome. It was reasonably priced and everyone was friendly.Recommend highly. We'll go back.
