4	I was at Theatre7 last night for the play Oscar: A Good Man.  The theatre is in a small building.   The set up was padded, folding chairs for about 40 people, much like a black box in a theatre.There is a projection screen on a wall at the back of a small stage.  Last night, this was used for showing some video that was intertwined with the live actors.In addition, being in the Arts District, Theatre7 opens as an art gallery on First Fridays.  It has a large number of art works hanging with artists' names and prices.The place is quite nice, and I look forward to seeing some films there.  The name comes from $7 for 7PM start time for all movies.  I'll be back at the end of the month for a screening of the owner's film, I. M. Caravaggio.The artistic director for Theatre7 is a very pleasant man who greeted everyone last night.  He also portrayed Oscar Goodfellow in last night's show.
4	Theatre 7 has given the indie film community a voice here in Las Vegas. It's also re-introducing locals from the Las Vegas area to the Arts District in downtown Las Vegas. For me, it has given us a venue for The Will Edwards Show and things are going very well. Having a place that we can consider our own means a lot to all of us. It's a nice space, good movie screen, sound has been improved and it's very comfortable. I invite everyone to come on out, catch an indie film, attend The Will Edwards Show every 2nd and 4th Wed or check out a film festival.
5	Tired of boring old Hollywood remakes?  Want to see something original?  This is the place!  Small intimate space with a variety of programming, focusing primarily on local filmmakers (for now).  A couple of interesting film festival coming up that are worth checking out.
4	My friends and I drove from Sacramento to Vegas to show a film we made as part of the Pollygrind film festival, which was held here at Theatre 7.  This venue is tiny, but I was able to see it as both an art space the night previous (First Friday/Pollygrind kick-off party), and as a venue for film.  It was great as an art space and reminded me of art spaces in Sacramento, where I live.  Small, cozy, and slightly, though I hate using the term, "hip."  The space wasn't too shabby for the film showing the following day either.  I hate to imagine the poor saps who bought day passes for the Pollygrind and had to sit on the folding chairs all day long, but for one film showing it wasn't too murderous on my lower back.  The girl who worked the event was friendly, and the venue sold refreshments (were out of water though, which was murder on my dehydration from the previous night's debauchery).If you're a local, or you're in town this October, I would recommend coming by Theatre 7 to check it out both as the art space and as part of the Pollygrind film festival.Also, Snick's Place next door has a rad jukebox!
4	I like the space - the art gallery has interesting work on display, and the movie theatre projects onto a screen framed with a fancy picture frame.  The projector is a PS3 driving an LCD projector, which is cool.I don't like that the seats are sad metal folding chair, and my left leg went to sleep during our screening, but what the hey, they show fun movies, and host the PollyGrind Film Festival there.More towns need local flavor like this!
5	I cant believe I have not Yelped this yet.  I think I only Yelp when I am hungry and then I only think food.  Theatre 7 is AMAZING!  Derek is one of the nicest guys in the community.  I Facebooked him and asked if I can use the space for TEDxYouth and he said yes.  He is very passionate about the independent film scene and the local Las Vegas Community.  You too can rent out the space for cool film events. @Misti we should have a YELP First Friday party here.  It would be really awesome! They also did a Save the Huntridge build on a First Friday.Did I mention PolyGrind, zombies, blood gore, film festival right here in Vegas.  They take Red Carpet to a whole other level.  It is also an art gallery space, improve class space, film networking space, and all around amazing place to be. So if you are sick of watching romantic comedies at the megaplex grab a seat at Theatre 7.
5	Theatre 7 is a great venue for any event.  I recently rented the studio for my daughter's after wedding party...it was perfect.  The owner Derek was very friendly and made us feel very welcomed. We decided not to do a full reception at the hotel because of the price.  We were able to rent Theatre 7 to host a champagne & cake cutting party.  Derek allowed us to use the sound system for the couple's first dance and the media system to show a DVD of the couple's childhood photos.  He also provided the chairs, tables and a red carpet area for our guest to take photos.  We were able to use the dance studio next door for Dave the DJ (Fostflav.com).  The party was AWESOME...I recommend Dave the DJ & Theatre 7 for any party in the Las Vegas area.
5	This place is awesome! Granted, there don't seem to be all that many public events held here, but when there are films screening here (particularly during the PollyGrind film festival in the fall) this little arthouse theatre is well worth checking out! What you won't see is your typical high budget Hollywood BS. What you will see is some really interesting and completely unique independent film! I imagine that some larger cities have similar types of venues, but for Las Vegas, as far as I can tell, this place is one of a kind!
