4	Best shrimp burro's. If it wasn't in the hood & make me cringe @ the thought of going in at night alone, I maybe would have given it 5 stars. The staff is as friendly as any other Mexican spot. The place is kept decently clean. Don't let the outside totally deter you from at least stepping foot in the place. There's a couple TV's playing Mexican music video's to get your mind off of waiting for your order, which is surprisingly fast. Call in orders are necessary when your trying to beat the lunch rush. But any other time, you could be out the door in 10 minutes. This place has been here for a while now. There is other La Salsita spots to go to in the valley. Some tweaked their spelling but all in all, best shrimp burro on this side of Van Buren!
5	I have been going to this place for years. They used to set up a grill outside on Friday and Saturday nights and sell tacos. There would be a huge line and I would go every week but they said the city made them stop doing it. Still one of the best places in Phoenix for authentic Mexican tacos. I love the tacos, try them all! Shrimp burritos are good also and try the ceviche tostadas. They have Salcitas all over the valley but for some reason I would drive a bit further to go to this one as they were better. I think it was one of the first ones they built.This place is "in da hood" and most people you will see here speak better spanish than english but if you love authentic Mexican tacos like I do this is a great place to go!
4	This place is surprisingly nice on the inside and has a wide array of menu options.This is not just another ***bertos it is a hybrid seat down place.You sit, get a menu that's not on the wall, and then order to a person at your table.  The menu if full of great options from traditional plates and Mexican fare like burritos and tacos, to less seen in the gringo world real gorditas.Your meal will start with chips that come with some salsa bean mix on top.  I am not sure if it is veg so be sure to ask them to leave it off if you care. There is a salsa bar with one of the best red salsas I have had in a long time, green salsa, avocado dip, carrots, pico and a crock pot of beans again probably not veg.Prices are pretty good my chillie rellno plate was on special for $6 a huge plate with rice beans tortillas (corn or flour) and a great large chillie rellno.Sure this may be a bit west of the trendy down town but it's worth a try.
