4	I am glad to be the first to re-introduce this location to the Yelp community!A friend and I ventured in, with only a little bit of time before a physiology exam at MCC, across the street. We were avoiding Starbuck's at any cost, and the cost turned out to be showing up for our exam about 5 minutes late! The story about Cup O' Karma was more interesting than an test on kidney function. What can I say?Into The Bean was sold for $1 to a non-profit organization benefiting Seeds of Hope. Seeds of Hope is a domestic abuse and sexual assault assistance agency, seeking to provide information and advocacy for survivors. Volunteers work the counter, and all proceeds benefit Seeds. You can find literature on the counter and in the bathroom.The place has been redecorated and is very welcoming and warm. The women working there are friendly and caring. Since Cup O' Karma is still pretty new, some bugs are still being worked out; register issues, how much syrup to put in the coffee drinks... etc.I have had two iced vanilla lattes and one iced chai (soy). Both were delicious. I loved studying here- it was quiet and not corporate. They even have a few breakfast items- bagels one morning and croissants another. Some of the drinks have crazy names, although I don't remember them offhand right now. One was some kind of Chernobyl berry thing!Stop by!  Its a little expensive, but worth the cause.
4	ok, so for some reason, my usual wifi spot/coffee shop was not open last night, or this morning.  weird. so, I was forced to take matters into my own hands, and find a new place to plug my computer in and drink coffee until my 'usual' spot decides when to reopen.so, I thought I had seen this place from the road.  Its on Southern, in a strip mall, tucked away.  This place is a cute little treasure!  Its well decorated.  Has an artsy feel to it.  Has artists paintings for sale on the wall, with some really cool couches to sit on and get your drink on.  Theres also stainless steel tables in here as well, which I love!  kind of a modern chic feel.  Comfortable classy atmosphere without the stuffiness! Clean, eclectic, without being dirty or drab.  They have all your usual coffee shop drinks with a decent range in prices and sizes.  THey have ice cream shakes, italian sodas, organic coffees and some teas as well for good measure.The location itself is not large.  Rather small, but well done with ample seating and space.  They also have a few outdoor tables and chairs as well!They have 'free' wifi, but only after you make a purchase.  I went with a choclate muffin, since I'm a little overcaffinated at the moment.  I was given the password and login info after I paid for my muffin.Now, here is where they loose a star.  First, I had trouble logging onto thier network.  It wouldnt even show up on my wireless connection screen.  I asked the lady behind the counter, and she was mildly helpful, but she really didnt know what to do.  Mind you, I am primarily here to get on the internet, okay?  So she tells me that sometimes the connection here is weird, and said that sometimes the signal here is bad, and to move tables and try the 'otherside of the shop.'  Ive never heard of one side of a business getting wifi, and the other not.So, I switch sides of the (already small) shop.  For some retarded reason, it worked.  weird.  now I am on the internet typing this review.Also, as a side note, they lost a few points for another reason, and i will explain.  Normally, I dont usually pick up/evesdrop on others conversation while out.  Honestly, I really could care less, and unless its a screaming match, Im probably not listening.When I walked in, these ladies were gossiping about something. Someone borrowed $10, and this one lady was pissed off about it becuase her friend that had borrowed the $10 hadnt paid her back.  These two women are discussing it, and honestly, I just thought it was such a personal conversation to be having in the middle of a coffee shop while your working.  Anyways, I really do like this place, despite the weird wifi connection, and most likely will be returning.  This place supports the training of Domestic Violence victims...Please go here and get coffee, as your money goes to a good cause.
4	Well Amy B's FTR pretty much covered all the bases.  Ditto on pretty much the whole thing including the chatty employees.  I had a nice iced green tea and no problems using the wifi.  Where to go with my review now?The bathroom at Into the Bean is a unisex bathroom.  It was very clean.  The soap was not overly fragranced as some bathroom soaps are.  It also did not have one of those industrial fragrance dispensers.  I hate those.  I always seem to be in the bathroom when those effing things crank out their metered doses of toxic fumes.  The wall with the sink and toilet had an interesting finish.  It had a very dark grey to black wash and over this colorful squares had been stamped in a pattern.  The squares were in bright colors and the paints used for the stampings were metallic looking.  It was interesting.  OK, I think that pretty much covers it.  The next Yelper to review this place might want to check out the dumpster out back.
2	Went here for a Phoenix Friday Coffee night. Met Sunny, MsHerr, Austin, others I can't remember because I'm getting old.Coffee wasn't too bad. Seating was nice. Prices were ok.I'd go back if I didn't live so far away. They seem to be very active in supporting feminist issues, which I'm good with.
4	I just had an extremely yummy mocha frappe from here today.  I haven't tried their coffee yet, but will re-adjust my review once I have tried it.  Anyway, I think they are backing a great cause so I don't mind spending the extra money for the products.  Large mocha frappe was $4.90.  Next time I will bring my laptop and hang out a while.  Very convenient for me because I go to school across the street!
5	I love Central Phoenix. love Love LOVE. Unfortunately I am living in Chandler right now and it doesn't look like the coffee shops of the East Valley compare to those found in Central Phoenix. All you find are chains and the few privately owned shops still lack that urban vibe. I'll admit Cartel Coffee Lab comes close but the people who work there are too snobby for their own good. You work in Tempe people not Scottsdale! After getting sick of driving to Phoenix for a decent cup o' Joe I tried out Cup O'Karma. When I visited it was surprisingly empty even with MCC being right across the street. Is school in session there? Who knows, but I was able to have the whole spot to myself. The reason this place gets 5 stars is not because of its comfortable couches or quirky art on the contemporary walls but because it is non profit. Cup O'Karma was donated by its previous owner for $1 and it is now a NATN community project. Coffee shop with a cause? I'm in!If you're in the east valley and are thirsty to support social change stop by and see the folks at Cup O'Karma.
4	The Cup O' Karma is such a neat coffee shop, it has a lot of character and flair and a great iced coffee.
4	Tiny little place with great ambiance. I love the fact it is staffed by volunteers and all proceeds go to Seeds of Hope. Good coffee. If they had a few more available munchies they would be all set.
4	Really good and refreshing iced tea! I stopped by to run in and grab some liquid because I was really feeling dehydrated and had a fantastic tropical iced tea! It was exactly what I needed and was craving. Such a great place! I look forward to trying the coffee:)
4	Friendly vibe and comfortable coaches. I had a tangerine or something iced tea that was delicious and thirst-busting. The staff was friendly and open. I went for the comedy open mic and had a lot of fun. There were some music open mic participants as well. Seems like a good place to go to either be alone or chat people up.
2	I'm sorry to be the first to really criticize this place....but it really was not good at all. I understand that it is a non profit place and it's there to help people, and that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of one. The BF and I went here this morning to get our coffee fix and to try it for the coffee tour of phoenix! It was a huge disappointment. I ordered an iced latte and he ordered a hot latte. The hot latte had no foam. Both lattes had a very strange flavor. We had both asked for 2% milk, but it tasted like she used half and half? or a milk substitute? It had a weird 'fake' quality about it. Further, the coffee was just about nonexistent. It was like when I was a kid and my mom would put a teaspoon of coffee in my milk because I liked the flavor.... not what I'm looking for at a coffee place and not what we paid 4$ a drink for. We both ended up throwing away over half of our drinks because they were so bad. The place has a cute look, but I will never be back. Ugh. PS It may be immature but I think it's funny that they have signs all around with their shortened name 'cok' heh. heh.
3	I upped the star here because the place is a not for profit.  My mocha was not great, barely good.  But I'm sure i will be able to find something i like.What i do like is the atmosphere.  Great people and a good place to hang.  Very friendly and open.Comfortable seating and vibe.I'd give it a try.
5	Friendly service, good coffee and iced tea, and a great selection of hot teas, along with a cool ambiance and a welcoming environment--what more could you want? I haven't had a chance to try their pastries, but they look very good, and they have a nice variety of instant oatmeals. Try their tropical iced tea and their spicy cinnamon black tea. Both are excellent.
2	It is a non for profit place. Decent coffee/latte selections. I only ordered tea. There is live music most nights, but it is such a small space... kind of uncomfortable. I'd rather go to starbucks(and I hate starbucks).
5	What a great place and a great cause.  I went there last night for Comedy Open Mic.  The comedians were running there new stuff by us and it was great.  My wife had a Iced Green Tea and I had the Pacific Northwest smoothie which was out of this world good and reminded me of Oregon.  This place would rock in Oregon. All of the money goes to help support NATN:http://www.natn-az.com/home/cup_o_karmaCopied from their Homepage:Cup O' Karma: Community Cafe for a Cause, a project of NATN, providesjob-training opportunities for women participating in our SEEDs programs. NATN is a nonprofit agency committed to addressing the health, safety, economic and social justice issues related to domestic violence, sexual assault, and substance abuse through education, public awareness, and direct services. All proceeds generated through Cup O' Karma are used to advance the mission of NATN.Please check this place out and support their cause.
5	We went to see a comedy show, but we loved the place.  It has a great emphasis, helping those who have been affected by abuse.  And the service and offerings are outstanding.  I tried my hubby's smoothie...MmmMmmmm.  My green tea was great, and they have sugar in the raw, which I prefer!   A great place to see comedy or hear poetry and relax on an inexpensive date while helping others!  Win-win-WIN!
4	Great coffee, clean environment, good service & laid back atmosphere.  The best thing about this place is the cause, this is a non-profit coffee house that helps women & families recover from domestic violent abusive past relationships.  They do this by helping women gain their independence to live a life free from violence.  If you're searching for a local coffee house,  stop in & drink coffee for a cause.
5	Love this place! Warm & inviting. The staff who are volunteers are the sweetest people, very welcoming. The coffee is Yummy! I love hot mocha's and they use Ghiradelli chocolate!
5	Love this place!  I go pretty much every Wednesday to listen to Paul Knight play/sing. Great atmosphere, great people, love the chai and mocco (sp?) cocoa latte (both hot and cold), and of course love the fact that it's all for a good cause. They also sale crafts and other things to help raise money for NATN.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Was there Saturday Night to listen to a friend play his Music. I have been there a few times. The staff is always friendly and they serve a great cup of coffee. I drank the Latte and was warned that the four I had could cause me to lose sleep well they were right I did but I will be back to enjoy at least one more or four.
4	Good. Nice people. User friendly. Had A lunch meeting there.  Staff was good to us. Nice and clean. Easy parking. Easy in and out.
1	Went out of our way to find this place since we were close to the hospital, only to find it was closed. Got there at 7:56pm on a Monday. Yelp says it closes at 9pm
4	A delightful enough experience at a delightful enough location. It's kind of out of the way, but it's got a good cause, so I don't mind. Cup O'Karma is a simple little coffee shop just off of Southern near Target, west of Longmore. It's tucked back in a quiet little strip mall and it pretty unassuming--the sign on the building simply says "Coffee Shop."Inside, there are a few tables of various sizes, and a couple of boards with their offerings. As a non-coffee drinker, I'm more interested in fruity drinks that seem to be ubiquitous in these parts at this time of the year. I don't do tea, so it was decided that a caramel vanilla shake was in order.Hand scooped ice cream (big plus) and a swirl of caramel and I was on my way. The big draw here was really the free wifi. It wasn't blazing fast, but didn't frustrate me either. Middle of the road; ask the barista for the username and password.The restroom was tidy, and the place was pretty quiet. The gal behind the counter was new, and was being trained by the boss who was there walking her through the ropes. She runs a tight ship here--everything has a very specific procedure, and I was happy to see that cleaning and menu precision is high on the list.They do entertainment throughout the month--music, open mic, poetry, etc. There's a stage that tucks away, and I had to leave before open mic night started.As for the cause, a portion of your purchase goes towards helping people recover from domestic abuse. I don't know much more about it, but there are pics under the glass in the table and more information there about how to help out. I figure if you can sip your shake and help out your fellow human, you're probably doing something right.
2	I like that this is for a good cause. Aside from that the employee who took my order was not welcoming and seemed practically annoyed i was interrupting a conversation. It feels junky and messy vs. artsy and earthy. Not sure what they are going for as far as vibe.
5	Nice cozy place with good coffee and friendly employees.  What I like best is that the music is kept at a low enough volume to relax, unlike so many other noisy places.  Spotless restroom, easy parking.  Good cause.
