5	I absolutely love the Aveda Institute. I went for my first time a few months ago and fell in love. I got a cut and all over foils for $65 including a tip. I wasn't just getting a trim, I got a completely new style and it was truly the best haircut I have ever gotten. I don't think I would ever go anywhere else. Even though they are students, they are all young and know what is in style and aren't afraid to take a risk.The instructors are walking around throughout the entire process so there really is no fear when it comes to getting a horrible haircut. An instructor also comes over after the final cut and checks out your hair and asks you a few questions about it. They also use a variety of products on your hair and tell you what they are before using them. The products are also amazing so I would definitely suggest purchasing those. An added bonus is the free parking garage across from the salon, that saves time and money. It is a great bargain and I would suggest it to anyone. I would, however, suggest you bring in a photo of the haircut you are looking into because they are students and they haven't had enough experience to suggest a completely new look for you. To make their job easier, do a little research.
4	My absolute favorite service at the Aveda Institute is eyebrow wax.  They do a great professional job, for anyone scared of getting waxed, they want your eyebrows to look natural not pencil thin.  So, trust them and let them work their magic.  I have been going since they opened, it is a great bargain.   I like getting my hair colored better than cut.  I find that beginning stylist don't texturize as much as I like, but color they can manage just fine.
5	Love, love, love this place. I've been getting my hair cut at this Aveda school since they first opened many years ago. I go about every 6- 8 weeks and only once have I been disappointed with the cut. And that time, I explained to the student what I didn't like, she called the instructor over, and together they fixed it. Otherwise, for $15 (plus tip) you CANNOT beat that deal. They start the haircut with a head massage (yummy!), then wash your hair, cut it, and then blow it out. The whole process can take about an hour, so be prepared, but it's one of the most relaxing hours I have all week. They are opened Mon-Sat, but Saturday appointments are hard to get in advance. BUT -- they seem to have cancellations on Sat and I have called at 9 am and been able to get an appointment that day. For those that work in Uptown, you can catch light rail down to their stop, jump out, get your haircut, and ride back into town. Highly recommend!
4	This is based on my husband's personal experience. I have not had any service done here, but wanted to see his results first. (Yes, I admit I wanted him to be "experimented" on first.)Scheduling was easy and got an appointment within a couple days. Once he arrived they were running late and asked him to reschedule for an hour later. He showed a slight look of disappointment so they took it back and made his initial appointment work. Not sure why the fuss.The salon itself was professional. He took a photo in of what he was wanting. The stylist listened attentively. When his hair was styled, it looked great!I am very pleased to see a great cut! The best part is that he bought some product (we love Aveda products) and got a hair cut and spent what we would have paid for just a hair cut at a nearby salon. I love saving money when I can, especially for his haircuts since he goes in on a monthly basis...I'll go in next and see if they do women's style as well as a men's style.I wish that this place offered the massage service...maybe that's a future endeavor for this site.
4	This review is strictly for the esthetician services at Aveda Institute. I needed facial, badly. Ok, ok, I didn't "need" a facial, but I sure wanted one and I didn't want to spend a bunch of cash. Enter Aveda Institute. It's right around the corner from me, conveniently located in the north end of South End! This particular cosmetology school offers a whole variety of spa treatments from hair, to skincare, to waxing, etc. After chatting with the very since receptionist about their facial types, I chose the 60 minute Tourmaline Facial, priced at $45. (which is an absolute steal)Amanda was my esthetician and she was absolutely wonderful. The whole process took roughly 1.5 hours (exactly what the receptionist claimed on the phone) and I was so happy with the experience. Amanda took me through a bunch of different questions in the beginning to determine my personality, goals of the facial and scents to go along with it. It was super relaxing and my skin is quite happy with me. This particular facial focuses on exfoliating and re-engergizing the skin. While Amanda offered to do extractions if needed, I chose not to. For $45 this is an amazing facial, I highly, highly recommend it!Note to those who want to score some amazing and affordable Aveda services here:1) Call ahead. If you work a traditional 9-5 job and you need a Saturday appointment, expect to wait at least 2-3 weeks for an available time slot.2) Be patient and kind. These men and women are students at the school. While you are paying for their services, keep in mind that they are still learning and you will likely have to give your input to their instructors afterwards. 3) Block out some serious time, especially for hair treatments. At a previous visit it took almost four hours from start to finish for a partial highlight. This as no fault of the student's, it just took a long time to flag down an instructor for the various parts of the service.
4	I was visiting Charlotte this October for a conference and decided to check this place out.  I had an all-over color and hair cut.  It took a little over three hours but turned out great!  My stylist was one of the newest but the instructor was available to oversee all the critical moments.  Overall, it you know what you want and keep it simple this is a fine low cost option.  The entrance to the salon is on the backside of the building facing the parking garage, an easy walk from the Lynx Bland Street station.  Weekends are super busy so either plan ahead or go during the week.
5	The Aveda Institute is pretty amazing.  Amazing service and amazing prices.  I did end up dropping about $100, but that's because I went kind of crazy and bought a bunch of products.  The haircut and style (including shampooing and scalp/neck/shoulder massage) was only $15.My stylist was Dana, and she was wonderful!  She was super detail-oriented and determined to make sure her work was perfection.  She was also very attentive and offered good recommendations.If you're concerned that you'll be a "guinea pig," don't be.  All students are well-supervised, and the instructors are fast to step in with guidance and a little assistance when needed.  But just an FYI, make sure you have set the appropriate amount of time aside to come in for a haircut.  Because the students are so well-monitored, they need instructor approval before proceeding with certain steps.  That being said, expect to be here for a couple hours.Too bad I'm not staying in Charlotte for too much longer.  If I were, I would definitely return - and ask for Dana!  Luckily, I'll be returning to Indianapolis where they have their own Aveda Institute!
4	I have been a long time guinea pig. For the price ($15 for cut & wash), you can't beat it.  Yes, these are students, and yes, there have been nail-biting moments when I wondered what on earth is going to happen to my head.  However, I don't have emotional attachment to my hair (it grows) and frankly don't have the budget or the heart to throw big money on something like a haircut.  I know, I'm weird and genetically lucky (my hair is low maintenance).  So this place is great for me.Ditto-ing (is that a word?) other reviews, it takes FOREVER.  But the bigger problem is, I was never seen on time.  I personally think they need a better check-in system.  I have waited as long as 30 minutes only to find out the student assigned to me was at lunch and didn't know about my appointment.  So now when I check in, I stand & wait, and I politely ask them to check on the student after 5-10 minutes, because more often than not your student is NOT going to show up anytime soon and they will assign you a new one.My most recent haircut (last Thursday) was "eventful."  The original cut was barely acceptable at best.  My hair ended up about 2 inches shorter than the picture I showed the guy (Justin) and shapeless.  After 1.5 hours I left owondering how the heck am I going to be presentable in public.  But  am still giving it a 4-star & this is why: I called the next day, left a message for the instructor(s), she actually called back a few hours later, and offered me a fix-it appointment next Tuesday.  I went back yesterday (and here came the wait... ended up with Christina instead of Amy), and with Courtney's (the instructor) closer supervision, my hair is now fixed!  And Christina did well with the razor (after I asked why they don't use razor to cut hair, which gives great texture and faster).FINAL THOUGHT:  Don't go here for haircut if you aren't brave or will cry over bad cut.  Skip the nail service (better job done at nail salon for about the same price).  Faicial is Ok... no extraction allowed.
3	I have been going to the Institute for services for over two years and not once have I been disappointed in the quality of staff or final product - until today. My stylist did not offer me anything to drink nor a scalp massage. Although she didn't give off a mean vibe, she did not say more then ten words to me throughout the entire process. Maybe she was nervous? All I got was a trim and I have very short hair so it wasn't complicated. I tried to make small talk to perhaps make her feel comfortable as the silence made me uncomfortable but she didn't latch on.I am pleased with the cut but in the end she didn't use any product? I was so surprised she didn't put anything in my hair I just wanted to check out and leave.
4	I really needed a haircut and my old stylist had moved away so I was left looking for an affordable haircut that didn't look crappy(this was harder than it sounded).So based on some yelp reviews I decided to call Aveda and book an appointment for that day. I have to say I wasn't exactly prepared for how huge the school is. Signed in for my appointment and was promptly greeted by my stylist Lauren. She was cheerful and asked me what I wanted to do with my hair and made some suggestions of what she thought would do well.The haircut does take a bit longer than usual due to the instructors needing to approve everything, but at least you know you aren't getting a messed up haircut! The scalp massage was super relaxing and by the time I left my hair was feeling and looking great! The best part is the price, all this for just $15 +tip! Aveda has now become my newest go to for an affordable, great looking haircut with quality service!
5	I went to the Aveda Institute for the first time a couple of weeks ago and I must admit that I was very impressed. I went there for an eyebrow wax but the experience was much more than that. I was greeted upon arrival and the student performing my service was friendly, on time and very professional. My visit included a brow consultation to determine how I actually wanted my brows to look after the waxing and included aromatherapy. The prices are also extremely reasonable. Aveda insures your satisfaction even more by having the instructor to speak with you after your service so that you can critique your experience!
4	Sometimes I hesitate to book at schools like Aveda. I'm not overly attached to my hair, and I'm never set on an exact look, but I always like to bounce ideas off my stylist and when I go to a school I never know how much time they've spent on the floor and how much input I can get without them (finding, waiting for, and then) bringing over their instructor. But after almost 18 months in this town I still haven't found a stylist I love, so I thought why not give this a shot. I booked two days in advance and got into the 10am cattle call slot. (30-40 people milling around in the retail area somewhat impatiently waiting for their named to be called) I make it a point to ask how long they think it will take - it hardly ever takes that long, but with the students constantly checking in with instructors, it's nice to be aware of how long you MIGHT be in the chair.Eileen was great. We talked through what I was thinking I wanted done and what we could do, and then came the instructor wait.... what seems like forever. Then they went over everything, the formulas for the colors, the cut, the way the colors should be weaved in, etc. Very thorough. (which is a good thing) Then she got to work on my 8 million foils. In the end she did a nice job, I got exactly what we discussed. For the first time ever, though, I actually was asked to stand up for my hair cut. She says at her height she has trouble with the longer hair when they're in the chair and as a student I'm glad she knows what works for her at the moment. I'd rather stand up for a few minutes and get a great haircut then get home and notice the back looks a little off because she was having trouble. Overall: Steal of a price ($80 for cut and color), great students (and great conversation), not too pushy on the products (though it's hard not to pick one or two up anyway), and got out 90 minutes earlier than expected! & they do take walk-ins, though it is mostly appointment based.
2	Five and a half hours! My God, what was I thinking? While the price is right, I can think of better things to do on a Saturday. Based on previous reviews, I was expecting to walk out with an awesome hairdo. No such luck:( My highlights were patchy and they left the foil on too long. My haircut, while it does look OK, is nothing like I asked for. Perhaps, I should have mentioned all of this when I was walking out, but after five and a half hours I just wanted to get out. I thought about going back for another try, my hair begged me not to.
3	I went there twice for color.  I never came out with a glaringly bad color job, but it was nothing to write home about, the first time I went I actually had to ask if they had done anything because I couldn't tell a difference. For the price, I wasn't expecting much and would definitely recommend it to anyone under a strict budget.  What I didn't like was that it took FIVE HOURS for a partial.  I just wanted to fix the roots.  It's not like I was asking for multiple treatments or anything drastic.  It was a simple touch up.  I wanted to shoot myself.  After that experience, I figured my time was more valuable and I would rather spend the extra $50 to get three hours of my life where I wasn't sitting in a chair and get more noticeable results.  Both my stylists were sweet, but I thought that the instructors were pretentious bitches.I also got a facial (it was free, they were running a special -become a fan on facebook and they give away manis, pedis, and facials every once in a while).  The girl was very professional and it was very relaxing, but it was what is was, a basic facial.  They washed my face, exfoliated, used some aromatherapy stuff, and moisturized.  I could have done it at home, but it was free.  At least the experience was nice.  I don't know who would actually pay for that.
4	Walking into the Aveda Institute, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Would it be one huge classroom?  Would it feel like going to school?  The answer is no.  It feels like you are walking into a professional salon.  There is an array of Aveda products lining the wall, hard wood floors, modern decor and warm receptionists.  I decided to get highlights and my colorist took the time to discuss what I wanted.  Since they are students, they do take extra time documenting everything so that a supervisor can review.  I found the supervisors to be very nice and attentive.  Unfortunately, even though the color came out well, the application was lacking.  The colorist did not get very close to my roots and I had almost an inch of space that looked like regrowth :(  That being said, it is a learning institution.  I wasn't expecting perfection, and I didn't pay for perfection (only $45 for a partial).  I called and told them I was dissatisfied.  They got me an appointment ASAP to fix the problem.  I had the color redone and I walked out very happy (no charge for this).  I will be going back.  Can't beat the price but be prepared to bring a some patience!
4	If you need something great to eat, you go to a gourmet restaurant. If you need something faster, you may go to a fast food or quick serve restaurant.  If you want a deal, you go to Aveda Institute.  I have only been to the spa, so can only speak about the beauty section being incredibly slow by secondhand experience. But I think the spa is such a great place to get a facial. It's almost a hybrid facial/massage and all around relaxing time, completely well worth the money.  The aesthetician (in training) will do a quick survey about skin type, etc (which is a little annoying if you've been there countless times since they should have it on file) during a foot soak, and then they ask you to disrobe and start the treatment.They have a variety of treatments based on skin priorities, but they all are lovely. I've even had the tourmaline exfoliating one during the winter which was an extra charge but still a good deal.  They cleanse, then do two treatments on your face, and do a nice arm, shoulder, hand massage and sometimes do your feet as well.  The music is usually really relaxing and I've only ever had one aesthetician I wasn't crazy about. Most are excellent, and some of the young girls are entertaining. But you can also keep quiet the whole time too.  In some rooms, the wooden beds can creak.At the end, their instructor will come in for feedback. The students must get evaluated on the upsell, because they always bring a basket of Aveda products that are relevant to your story, and I always end up purchasing a couple. Then when you go from the quiet serenity of the spa area to the bustling loudness of the main area it's a bit of a shock.  Don't expect to be pretty when you leave because you're all clean, moisturized and relaxed. A relaxing 1 hour facial and massage for $50? Sold. You can do the 30 minute one too, but it hardly seems worth the short time. I just wish it was easier to get an appointment.
3	I have been to the Aveda Institute twice; the first time for a cut and highlights and the second time for a manicure. It is difficult to rate them higher than 3 stars, as I liked the haircut I got and the color was pretty good, however, the entire hair process took 4 hours and the manicure was sub-par. Both times I have been greeted promptly and I only waited in the lobby for a few minutes. My hair stylist was very nice and we chatted the entire time, very pleasant. She did take four hours, and I think she left the foils on too long (she processed my hair for 30 minutes after she got the last foil in, but it took her probably an hour from the first foil application), though I understand they are students and I'd rather they take the time to learn properly than just zip through. I was just going for some golden blonde highlights, not my favorite color job, but I think I wasn't aggressive enough in asking for a lighter shade. The cut was fine, nothing complicated; got about 7 inches cut off and added some layers. I did show her a photo of what I wanted and she only glanced at it briefly -- the end result didn't really look much like the photo, but I still liked it.I was sorely disappointed in the manicure. First off, they do not cut any hangnails/dry skin from around your nails - this is one of the top reasons I get a manicure, because it's so awkward to do it on my own and I suffer from a lot of hangnails! The nail polish was very, very thick and a couple hours later I saw lots of little bubbles in the polish, telling me it went on too thick. Finally, one of my nails chipped the next morning after I did virtually nothing after having the manicure. I certainly did nothing that should cause my nails to chip in less than 24 hours. I will not go back, as planned, for a full mani/pedi; however, I'll go back for my hair simply because I don't have a complicated style, nor am I overly emotionally attached to my hair -- plus I really love Aveda products and you cannot beat the price.
5	As a grad student, I don't have a lot of money to spend on my hair. I've been to other schools for deals but Aveda gets it right everytime. You should definitely expect it to take longer than your usual cut & color (my frequent services), but unlike other reviewers, I've never spent more than two hours in the salon. Also, there have been plenty of visits where I was offered a free mini facial or hand massage while I waited for the color to process. Bringing a picture is a good idea, especially if you want something specific (i bring a picture of my bangs). Honestly, I will probably continue to go to Aveda even after I graduate. I can't tell the difference in their services vs. full price salons. I'm always happy when I leave and feel like it's $60 well spent ($120 and up for the same services elsewhere). Also, I always tip my stylist. They earn it!
3	If you're an impatient person, this is not the spot for you. However my impatience and my frugality always battle it out and frugality wins and I go to Aveda. I've been a few times for either a cut or color done. However, they both left me fidgeting in my chair , tapping my feet, waiting for it to be over with since they have to ok it with the instructors. I've never had my hair come out blue or butchered so that's a good thing and always been pleased with the turn out. Nice thing is if you find someone you like, you can request an appointment with them again if they are still in school. If your schedule allows, try to get an appointment during the work week, it's much easier to get than booking a weekend appointment.
2	OK, first off, it's a school. I've had services at schools before, bc I'm a notorious cheapie. But some things, Yelpers, you just shouldn't be cheap about. Like a Brazilian wax.Just plunk down the $65 with a trusted professional and be smooth and out of there in 15 minutes. Instead, I spent 2 and a half hours of agony with a nervous student and her equally nervous instructor yanking at my lady bits. At one point I think I had an out-of-body experience. And I'm totally set if I'm ever captured and tortured for the revolution. I'll stand strong, compadres, because I've already been to hell and lived to yelp about it.Other than the excruciating pain, the people are friendly and the environment soothing, and of course Aveda products are top-notch, so I recovered without any permanent damage. But never again. I was in such a rush to get out of there, I accidentally left the belt I wore behind. I've been too traumatized to come through and pick it back up, and my belts are like children to me.I'm sure I'll be back one day, for threading or a color or some kind of pamper treatment. Like I said, they're very professional and friendly, and I'm not trying to dissuade anyone from going--just from getting a waxing treatment done there. I just need a little more time to put the last visit behind me.
2	I live in SouthEnd and walk by this place all the time. I was over due for my usual cut at Modern uptown, usually costing between $26 (new hire cut) to $35 (fledgling cut) to way more than I'm willing to spend. The Aveda Institute is a student school, my cut cost $15. I was optimistic, surely one who is studying their craft would want to show their skill or if lacking skill, at least try to show they studied up. I was concerned when I walked in and saw many of the staff in hats. Hats?  At a salon?  By those who are practicing their work?  I was happy to see my stylist did not sport a fedora or trucker hat. She had garland in her hair. Garland?  On a Saturday morning?  Maybe she's just artistic. Tis true, I am an optimist. Not really an artist, more just lazy. She did a free hand cut. Typically, a stylist will wash and straighten my hair; then while wet, partition using clips and cut it in sections. Kind of systematically. Ensuring an even cut. Cutting it free style didn't give me a whole lot of confidence in her technique. At the end of the cut (post drying), I wasn't even. She took a bit of time to even it out. Eventually getting it pretty close. I didn't have confidence to let her cut my bangs.  My hair cut is ....fine.  But I will need to go to a 'real' salon for a touch up and to get my lanky bangs under control.Overall, it was like the kids were playing at Salon, not students learning their trade. I doubt I'd go back. $15 + tip + $26 + tip = more than I bargained for.
4	This Aveda Institute location offers every hair, nail, body treatments imaginable. In addition, they have spa packages. When I first saw some of those prices when I first moved to Charlotte I said "Holy Batman, that's low"! All services are performed by supervised students and I have utilized the services of the Aveda Institute Charlotte on a number of occasions and have been pleased with the outcome. But, I want to fully disclose that students are the providers of the beauty services and you have to keep an open mind. For example, there was a student who could not do a french manicure but I got a pretty nail color and she did a good job...on the flip side, I got the a great 60 min facial there on another beauty trip. So get ready to get your beauty on, when you arrive at this location.
4	Yay! I love Aveda products & love that we have this school.I have them to thank for leading me to my hairstylist now (Noel - who graduated & is doing big things at a salon locally).  The place is clean & prices are super reasonable. The only down side is trying to make an appointment. B/c of the reasonable prices & their hours, they stay booked. Everyone there is really nice & they aren't pushy about putting extra services or products on you.  However yes, because their teachers are "grading" them, don't expect a quick "in & out" appointment.
1	Their customer service is terrible.  I wanted to buy a few gift cards from them for the holidays, the website didnt allow me to move on to the next card after I took the trouble to sign up and fill out the first card.  It said 1 of 1 but there was no button to move on to the next card.  When I called Aveda they said they cant help with that.  When I asked if they could just do it over the phone and mail it to me since their site wasnt workinng they said no.  Apparently they are not capable of putting something in the mail themselves.  Pain in the butt and waste of my time!!  Dont go there, they will just do the bare minimum.
5	I really like this place.  You have to be a bit patient because it takes th students a little but longer to cut your hair, but the instructors do a good job of making sure that things look good in the end.  It's actually kind of interesting to here about all of the things that they think about going into the cut.  By far the best $15 cut you'll find in the city.   At the end the stylist are required to recommend 3 products to you, but there is really no pressure to buy them.
4	Been back a few more times and the quality of the service and attention has remained steadily great. 2 new things: 1.They've put into effect a new price echelon: a few dollars more for services with students closer to graduation. Makes sense to me. 2.They've extended their hours into evenings: Mon-Fri 6p-10p. I'm sure this has helped lighten the load for weekend appointments. Before, if you needed a Saturday appointment  you had to book at least 3 weeks out.
5	My first trip was in November a week before my wedding. It was fantastic!I have gone back several times since! I have gotten my nails done, my hair cut and my absolute favorite ~ the essential back treatment.The students do a good job and the staff is friendly. Can't beat the price!
4	Today's visit was probably the shortest amount of time I've spent at this place for a haircut. I might have lucked out w my appointment time because there weren't many clients in the lobby nor in stylist chairs. My stylist was prompt and friendly when she greeted me and gave me the exact cut I wanted (with a little assistance from an instructor). Before checking out at the front desk I informed my stylist I was looking for a product that would deliver a certain hold and she was able to direct me to a liquid gel that I purchased right away, slapped some on, and love it!
3	The first time I went and a student cut my hair, she did a great job. She was almost finished with her program, and listened to want I wanted and really cut my curly hair well. The second time I went...I ended up looking like Carol Brady. It was the first couple days of the new semester and I think that was my first red flag. The person who cut my hair did not listen to a word I said. I wanted a blunt bob around my chin. She cut a steep angle bob and barely cut any of the length off. Then she straightened it - bone straight. I got home and redid my hair. I had this fluff ball top, long dog-like ears from the front, and this long Carol Bradyish tail that was also lopsided and uneven. It took about a week for Aveda to respond to my request to get this horrible hair day fixed. The same stylist was going to recut it, but she got extremely defensive and told me it wasn't uneven. Her instructor finally came over and showed her how uneven the base of the cut was. When the base of the cut is uneven, isn't the whole thing off?? But she only trimmed the bottom then twisted some of my curls and chipped a few pieces away to remove bulk. I was very disappointed to say the least. I've been cutting my own hair since.
4	aaaahhhh the Aveda School! What a little hidden treasure this place is. Had I written this review three years ago (that's when I had my first Aveda School experience) I would have said it was a great salon with even better prices for their services. Now in 2012, I can still say it's a great place but the prices for the services have certainly spiked. The Aveda School is definitely for those of us who don't have the energy or the funds to salon hop looking for the perfect stylist/colorist (yes I color my hair and I am not ashamed to admit it). I mean where can you go in CLT and have 2,3 sometimes 4 people working on your hair at one time? Just remember this, the person actually providing the service is a STUDENT and student=SLOW. If you are there for a cut and color be prepared to be there for a minimum of 2 hours. But also know you will leave there looking pretty fabulous. The only other service I have had at Aveda is the brow wax which was good as well. I will say the Estehticians are usually afraid for hurting me. I try to assure them that I am already voluntarily agreeing to have hot wax applied to my face and then have it ripped off with a tiny piece of cloth. I know what I am getting into and you won't hurt me. For those who are still not convinced, I reassure them by saying I have passed Kidney Stones and I have given birth. I think I can handle a little hot wax. The Kidney Stone story usually does the trick.With all that being said, the Aveda School is well worth the experience
5	I've had three services in the past two days all three were exceptionally pleasant.  My haircut came out just the way I wanted.  The stylist was very professional and listened to my wishes.  I didn't find her to be slow, but perhaps I got lucky with someone who was getting ready to graduate.  She actually did a better job styling my hair than my previous stylist whom I'd been seeing for over five years!  My pedicure was very relaxing and I was pleased with the way my toes looked afterward.  The nail technician wasn't nearly as aggressive with scrubbing the feet or massaging them, but it was still very nice.  The hot tea was excellent!  I'd only had one other facial in my life before my one here but was very satisfied with the service.  They do put items that they recommend for you in a basket but there is certainly no pressure to buy them.  Five stars considering you can't get this kind of treatment and service for this price anywhere.
3	If I had to describe my experiences in one word it would be inconsistent. I had been going to Aveda for a men's cut for three years and I've had my best cut there and my worst cut ever.  The last two have just been bad, not terrible.  It seems that the instructors have changed and there isn't the attention to detail there once was.  The stylist have all been super sweet but the skill level seems to have declined.  I have short hair and I had a two hour shampoo and cut.  It wasn't a complex cut and I had pictures of my perfect cut from two years ago for them to go by.  I love the people but be very cautious if you are getting work done for an event.   It could be great but maybe not.
4	The first time I came here I was extremely nervous, but after learning that the teachers are constantly wandering around and giving their input, I calmed down.  The students work at a much slower pace, but they do a great job.  I've been twice for highlights and a haircut and both times I walked out of there extremely satisfied and loving my new 'do.  Both times I went I also had one of the massage students do a free hand/forearm massage which was a nice bonus and very relaxing.  I'll definitely come here the next time I'm in town to get my hair done since the Aveda institute in my hometown is NOWHERE near as good as this one.
4	The Aveda Institute of Charlotte is wonderful...and I love that they have evening hours.In my opinion, there are few things more relaxing to end a day than with a relaxing haircut and blowdry; it certainly saves time in the morning, too!It is also wonderful that they they provide complimentary aromatherapy samples during haircuts.  The trainer "approval" sessions are also very interesting because I feel like I learn something new about my hair each time.It is important to note that, because this is the teaching school for Aveda in Charlotte, the stylists are all students, but honestly, in my experience, they are just as professional and sometimes more creative than stylist in salons who work with the same clients time after time.  It is difficult to develop a relationship with a stylist because they are typically only on the floor for 5-6 months, but for the cost, quality, and general experience, it is still the best deal in town.The only reason I do not rate the Institute with 5 Stars is because the appointments always take a bit longer than I would like.  For a haircut -- medium to long length -- I would suggest allowing at least 1 to 1.5 hours for the appointment.  This is definitely not a "get a haircut during your lunch hour" salon.  But the quality and experience -- and evening hours -- cause me not to weigh the appointment length too heavy against the salon.
3	I like this place. I feel like its very welcoming and the atmosphere is pretty nice. You can even get a bit of make up before you leave and its complimentary. There are a couple of things they could do to make it better, the appts should be a bit faster. They take longer than other places, but if you are not in a hurry then its not a problem. The waxing is not really great, I had better in Charlotte and that's saying a lot since no where in Charlotte they do great waxing. I will be going back for Color, haircut but not for waxing
4	Been comming here since they opened, as long as you know what you want (or a good idea) and know these are students you are good to go. This trip I had the most amazing facial ever, booked another as a matter of fact. Way better than most full priced facials at other salons/spa... I highly reccomend.
3	You have to understand what to expect: 1. Your hair will be cut by a student. It could be their first haircut ever, or they could be about to graduate.2. Your haircut or color will be inspected by an instructor at the conclusion of the service. They usually will take a few snips here and there if the student missed anything. There are only a few instructors, so you may be waiting.3. It will take much longer than at a real salon. What else would you expect? They are students.The prices for services are much cheaper than nice salons that use Aveda products (which are awesome).Knowing these facts, I think you can have a good experience here.I don't go here for color. I don't want to risk that with a student. I periodically go here for a cut though and would recommend any guy that normally uses a Great Clips (or discount place) to give it a try.
4	I'm a pretty low-maintenance gal, so hair isn't really on the top of my To-Do list. Still, when I find myself seriously thinking, "Maybe I should shave my head," I know it's time for a trim. Luckily, a coworker of mine is a student here and needed a model anyway, so it worked out for both of us. I was told to park in the deck behind the building, but the deck was completely full. I used to live in South End so it was easy for me to find parking nearby, but it still made me late and there was no back-up plan provided by the salon. When I apologized and said I was late because of the parking garage being full, the counter girls just kind of shrugged and said "Yeah, we know." This is really my only gripe. My haircut went great, Chelsa did a great job shampooing me and recommending products. She got some directions and advice from her instructor about the style I wanted, and we were off. I had brought my Kindle with me so I did some reading and Facebooking and let her concentrate. She got some more approvals at different points during the haircut. Both the instructors nearby and other students were very hospitable, asking me how I was and offering me drinks.It took right around 2 and a half hours, which is about what I was expecting. It's definitely a teaching salon so if you're not prepared for students who are learning, this might not be for you. But for wash-and-wear, low-drama people like myself, it was a perfect fit. I'll definitely be back!
4	This is one of my favorite places to get a pedicure. The products are amazing! It feels like my feet are being massaged with silk. Everyone is really friendly and they have a dedicated area for nail care. Request a magazine (or two), sit back and relax while your feet are pampered. PROS: 1. A pedicure is only $15. 2. They use wonderful, high-end aveda products. 3. The nail care area is cute. There are four stations. It would be a great activity for a girls day out.4. The students are soo nice! 5. They keep track of the products and oils that they use on you each visit. Overtime, they develop a personal profile to make sure they provide you with the best service. 6.After your service, they give you a little bottle of polish to take with you: a gift, how awesome!! CONS:1. Students provide the service (most of whom specialize in hair, not nails) and if you find one you like, it's only temporary because they graduate (I'm gonna miss you Jessica!!!). 2. They don't use the jets during the pedicure because it would require additional cleaning.3. To save money they cut the nail files in half (or quarters). Some times it's a bit awkward for the technicians to work with. 4. The paint job isn't as refined as other nail salons. But no worries, the pros far outweigh the cons. They provide a $40 service for only $15!! I also enjoy some of their beauty/skin care products. I am a huge fan of the rosemary mint hand and body wash (one product that can be used as a soap or body wash). It makes an excellent hand soap. The aroma is divine. I feel like I've stepped into a spa every time I wash my hands!! I've only used it as a body wash a few times (didn't feel as silky as I like). I think it's better suited to be a hand soap. Regarding the salon. I've only gotten my hair done once. I wasn't pleased with the outcome. Most of the stylist don't have a lot of experience with ethnic (which is a nice way to say thick!! :-) hair. But they have such good prices, I had to give them a try. In summary, schedule a pedicure ASAP, treat yourself to some of their beauty products, and proceed with caution to the salon (it's easy to forget, but they're students).
4	Great place to have your hair cut and colored. Remember they are students. I've been coming here for more the 3 years.  The instructors check their work. The cost is a lot less then what you will be charged in a salon.
4	Situation: sponsoring a gala and all I know how to do to my hair is blow dry it. Let's be honest... I can barely do that. So I thought... hey, why don't I go to one of those blow out bars and let them handle it? Apparently everyone had the same idea that day. Made a couple phone calls and everything was booked. Then it hit me.. I wonder if Aveda does blow outs? Problem solved.Not only do they have blow outs on the menu, but they are also only $12. TWELVE DOLLARS!!! Compare that to the pros who charge around $40. I got a warm cup of tea when I arrived. My stylist massaged my head with this awesome smelling oil. Then came my favorite part: GETTING MY HAIR WASHED. When I win the lottery one day, I'm going to hire someone to wash my hair for me every day. It's just the best feeling.While she blow dryed and styled me, I enjoyed watching all the students in action. They have around 70 people on the floor. It's quite an operation to watch.I don't think I would ever get my hair colored or cut here, but this is a steal for blow outs. I would also like to go back and get a pedicure. My girl Lemuria C. recommends getting some feet pampering done here.
3	Pros:- Cheap ($12 for a haircut or blow out!!) Cons:- Carve out at least 1 1/2 to 2 hours... The stylists are still students so they work under the direction of "educators." There are only a few of them on the floor and every student needs to have their work approved before and after. - Parking is free in the garage behind the building but it can get fullI feel like going to the Aveda Institute is a bit like playing roulette... 50/50 chances that you get an awesome stylist late in their training that does wonders to your hair or you get a total newb...I really enjoyed the blow out that I had. It was a total steal and looked great but it took FOREVER... My stylist was nice and did a great job but I ended up being late to the event I was getting styled for! 1  hour and 45 mins from start to finish... I don't know that I would ever take the gamble on getting my hair cut here but I'll definitely be back for a blow out.
4	You can't beat the price and the attention! Took a little longer than expected but I think it's because the students are so careful and detailed. I personally like the extra time and attention you get from your stylist. She listened to what I wanted and offered great advice. It's rare to get a great shampoo, head massage, haircut and styling for this cheap! Will go again.
4	You can not beat $12 for a hair cut that includes a wash, scalp and shoulder massage. Students work on your locks so don't expect Hollywood and magazine cover results. I highly recommend getting very basic styles and cuts here. I went in for a trim and only expected a trim and that is what I got. The service took about 1.5hrs since the stylist checks off a step by step list to go over with you before finalizing what they will be doing to your hair. They also have to get their teacher's approval throughout the whole process. Another thing to expect is that they are very pushy with the styling products they use and will glorify it as if they are heaven sent. I just let them pitch it to me since I know they are being watched over and it's part of their check list to do. Don't be snotty or mean, they have the shears in their hands. Hah. Also be careful at checkout, they also have the tendency to just start racking stuff in your basket as if you're going to buy every product they put in your hair. The main entrance is behind the South Blvd entrance where a parking garage is located directly across from it. I'll definitely come back for another trim :)
5	Thank you to Lauren Hawkins who gave me a fabulous haircut and beard trim today. The Aveda massage was incredible. Lauren was very helpful going over all my options for a change in hair styles (she even showed me pics-so, of course, I chose the George Clooney look!) We discussed  Aveda natural based products and the Aveda Mission Statement. I really enjoyed the haircut and talking to Lauren was fun. Aveda is a great place to get an excellent man's haircut at an really good price. I know they are in training, but they are well supervised. (And, guys, don't forget to tip your hard working stylist. They deserve every penny.)
2	I needed my hair styled for my sorority formal. I thought going to a teaching salon would be a cheaper and less time consuming alternative than driving home to see my hair dresser. The student I was assigned was running late so I had to wait about 15 minutes until someone was available. I took a picture of exactly what I wanted. She asked several questions an I showed her exactly where I wanted the bun and told her I wanted a lot of volume. The first time she finished my hair I asked is she could change a few things and she ended up redoing it. The second time she could tell I still wasn't happy. She said she didn't know how to fix it and asked me what she should do. Her supervisor came over and messed with my hair a little but I was still unhappy. I paid, went to my car, cried, and took a picture. I sent the picture to my friends and family. They said I should do it myself and that I shouldn't have paid for the horrible work the student did!
4	Good place to get your hair did. Lower prices on service means more money for fabulous products!I have gotten manicures, pedicures, facials, eyebrow waxing, haircut and color. I mostly get my hair done here the other services take super long and the savings aren't as good. They do great eyebrow waxing, that's worth the time. So I normally get a haircut and root touch up. I always try to get an advanced students and normally can get them if the appointment is booked in advanced. The student talks about any concerns you may have and what they can do to address them. Then they tell you what they are going to do and confirm it with the teacher, usually the teachers ask them a few questions and give them a little extra guidance. Aside from telling you what they are going to do they also let you know the cost and how long it will take.Pros - They of course only use Aveda products which smell so good. The cost is greatStudents stylist which know the latest and greatest.Second set of eyes on what you are getting done. Cost savings allows you to get more products.Never have an issue with parking.Cons-Student stylist which if you get someone that is new it can take extra long.Student stylist also means you won't be seeing the same person for too long, the course is about 12 months. It can time a little bit longer depending on what you are getting done.
1	Well I should've known better before going here. I am relatively new to town and haven't established a good place to get my eyebrows done. I called right as my lunch break was starting for work and asked if they could do a walk-in eyebrow. They said come-on over but I will have to wait 15 mins... I ended up waiting 45. One of the lobby girls was nice but one was extremely rude. Then I went into the eyebrow room with a student (who was not supervised which was weird). I assumed since no supervision she must be about to graduate. Waxing my eyebrows took her 15 minutes and when I looked in the mirror they were two different shapes and a chunk  was missing from the right one. I went to pay for them because I already used way more of a lunch break than the hour that I get. Come to find out they charge the same price for eyebrows that places with licensed cosmetologists do. Yikes I had to wait over a month for my eyebrows to fillout and not have a missing chunk.
5	I just had the best haircut that I have had in a long time.  I was concerned about my visit taking too long, but it was only 1 and 1/2 hours.  My stylist was knowledgeable and skilled. She was reviewed  three times during the process.  I am definitely recommending Aveda Institute to all of my friends.
5	When I visited my daughter in New Jersey who is a recognized colorist and stylist she approved my Aveda cut.  A first!
4	I have been to Aveda Institutes in Cincinnati and Atlanta so I was already prepared for the amount of time it was going to take to get my haircut done. I called the day of and was able to get in ... when I got there I had to wait about 10 min and then was told thag the stylist I was scheduled to have was going to be another 30 minutes so I had the option to go with someone else. Since it was my first visit, I didn't really mind who I had. I was sooo happy with the stylist I did get - Lauren N. She did an awesome job and was very nice.
2	Well, I should have known. At two points I tried to leave. i went in for a full highlight and cut on Thursday, and for what was supposed to be gloss but ended up as toner. I didn't know how to express what I wanted for color (I wanted darker and richer - we decided on warm base and ash blond), which was a mistake. The instructor guided the student, and we came to an understanding. This was my fault. The reason for the low rating was that the process took 4.5 hours, and the foils took 2+ hours to apply. Pieces broke off. The hair that the student (advanced) described as "silky" before the process is now fried. The student said the color shuts off. Bleach (I asked for NOT bleach - she said all lighteners were the same) bleach does not shut off. I went to another salon today for a conditioner to repair the damage. Pieces broke off in their hands - I now have chemically induced bangs where I had no bangs. The Aveda instructor only came by twice - once in the beginning and once at the end. The whole process has killed my hair. The cut was a straight-on blunt cut with no hair up, like when we were kids. The salon today fixed that with hair up and nice edges but couldn't resurrect the damage from the 2 hour foil. The reason for the long process was for exactness of placement. But the damage wasn't worth decent striping (and why I gave two stars, considering it was a school).The hair at the top is dark with white blond and the hair at the bottom is reddish yellow. I blame the school and instructors - they were everywhere but not helping the senior student. There seemed to be only one instructor for many students, and that instructor was resurrecting a cut from another student by doing it herself.I am just shocked. I used to go to the Aveda Institute in NYC, and the instructors were there all the time, and the cut and color were great. The price in Charlotte was very high, especially for the horror wreaked on my hair. It's just really poor. I would not recommend this salon. Go somewhere - anywhere. For the price and work you can do way, way better.Note for the Institute: train instructors to visit each student's station at least 3-4 times. Train students to wash the bottom of the hair if the foiling takes too long. (The top is not finished/done while the bottom is.) Teach students not to do a blunt cut along the bottom. Teach students to watch the time and ask for help. And please lower your high prices - they shouldn't be half of normal but one fourth.
5	I've gotten 2 haircuts and a pedicure here and they have been the best ones I have ever had!! Usually when I got a haircut before I discovered Aveda Institute, it was never what I wanted and always looked worse! So I was really nervous about a student cutting my hair but the teacher comes before, during, and after your haircut which makes the experience a little longer(1-2hr) but you know, you are gonna look good after. They really want to make you happy! They also use the best aveda products and give you a hand massage and tea all for $11-20! (Depends on the time/day you go) Great price and great haircut! I would definitely recommend! :)Now the pedicure was awesome too! It was only $17 and lasted almost an hour and half! Great massage and exfoliation! I loved all the products they used and they also let you keep the nail polish you choose! They don't have a lot of color choices but maybe they switch them up every so often- I am not sure. Our pedicures were done in a seperate quiet room and no massage chairs but the whole experience was way better than those rip off Chinese nail salons!!
5	I just had my first experience at the Aveda Institute and I loved loved loved it! Ambience and decor are warm and professional, but what I enjoyed very much is the customer service. I had my hair cut by Dona, a student that graduates in December (Master level - $18). She's such a pleasant person to interact with. As she has been in the program for almost a year, she had no problem giving me advice on what style looks good on me. In the end, it was a little bit shorter than we discussed, and the instructor did have to go over it and make a few adjustments, but even without those adjustments my hair would still look great. And yes, if you have any concerns, definitely voice it out to your hairdresser and the instructor, they would make sure you're happy with your end result. I'll definitely come back!
4	My Mom and I have been going to Aveda Institute to 8+ years and we love it.  They have flexible hours, the prices are fantastic and the service is always excellent!
3	Beautiful salon, plenty of products (which is part of the reason I went), super friendly staff with a parking garage behind the building that's free on South if you can believe it!  I explained to the person that took my appointment and to the master student AND to the instructor that my hair takes more than 20 volume and 20 minutes to come down for the purple I wanted. No one listened and sure enough after 3 hours of double processing...purple didn't hold.  I understand they are the experts (instructors), but there's this thing where I've had this hair for 47 years and have been every color in the rainbow. Please take into consideration what the client tells you.
