4	I don't know very much about the labyrinth in George Square Gardens.  I can't tell you when it was built, or by who, or for what purpose.  I just know that it's kind of cool, a little concrete maze in the middle of the park where you can wander on the twisty paths.  There is probably supposed to be a spiritual or contemplative dimension to the experience you have here, as a place for reflection. Or something.  Anyway, it's open to anyone, so you're free to make of it what you will.
2	Aesthetically speaking, there's nothing particularly wrong about the Labyrinth in George Square Gardens. It's just that I plain don't understand the point of its being there. Apart from for aesthetic reasons. But it, or the information around it, seems to claim it's more than just that. That it's useful for some soothing, spiritual... thing. And I just don't get that. I don't get it because I'm not quite sure how walking around in circles helps anyone relax. But hey, to each his own. Maybe they start feeling so dizzy that they somehow feel that they've reached a spiritual climax. Maybe they just like how the swirls look. It's for you to decide.
5	OK, it seems clear that the previous reviewers don't understand the mystery of labyrinths, so allow me to enlighten y'all... Labyrinths are hugely popular these days and are being constructed all over the world. They are really cool tools to work with to enhance your intuitive and spiritual development. Unlike a maze, which has many paths and choices to make, a labyrinth has only one path. Where a maze is an intellectual left-brain puzzle to be solved, a labyrinth is an intuitive, right-brain meditative experience. You don't have to make any decisions whilst walking the labyrinth, so the left-brain analytical side of your brain can take a nap and let your intuitive right-brain run things for a bit.Many people find this a very therapeutic and healing experience, which is why a lot of labyrinths get installed in hospitals and hospices. People have claimed relief from arthritis, Parkinson's and many other ailments from regular labyrinth walking.Often you can gain insight into a tricky problem or life decision by simply asking the question and then walking the labyrinth with an open heart and mind. There are many uses of the labyrinth.Labyrinths are sacred spaces. Like the stone circles and henges of old, they are great places to hold ceremony and enhance your spiritual side. The act of walking the labyrinth actually creates subtle electrical changes in the brain as you move back and forth through the geomagnetic field of the Earth, resulting in a mild altered state - in much the same way as whirling dervishes or other ecstatic dancers create a similar effect by spinning or jumping up and down. At a bare minimum, you will feel less stressed and more relaxed mentally after walking a labyrinth.There are several varieties of labyrinth, but the two most well-known are the 7-circuit Classical (sometimes called Cretan) labyrinth, and the 11-circuit medieval labyrinth, which is what we have here. This particular one is a replica of the labyrinth in Chartres Cathedral in France, which is the best-preserved surviving example of this type. The Medieval pattern is very popular in Christian circles because of the cross-quartered pattern, and it was popularised by Dr. Lauren Artress, the Canon of Grace Cathedral in San Francisco, who founded an organisation called Veriditas to train labyrinth facilitators. This particular labyrinth was commissioned by the former Chaplain of Edinburgh University, Di Williams, who is a Veriditas Trainer. It was built in 2004 by Dumfries-based land artist and labyrinthophile Jim Buchanan with the design assistance of the University's architect, using Portuguese granite setts and resin-impregnated gravel.As a dowser and labyrinth consultant myself, I was the site geomancer on the project, which involved dowsing for the exact positioning of, the alignment and ceremonial activation of the labyrinth. It is sited on a power centre in the gardens - a spot where rising underground water combines with yang energy leys - a similar combination of energies is found at the altars of older churches and this is one of the main characteristics that defines sacred space.Since it was constructed it has become a popular spot with students, local office workers and visitors alike. Walk it with open heart and mind, pay attention to your feelings and thoughts as you do so, and you'll soon be won over by the magic of the labyrinth.
