4	If you're looking for Serbian food in Las Vegas this is THE place to go.  Even if you don't care (or know) what Serbian food is, and if you're just looking for a huge plate o' meat, this is also THE place to go.  Serbians really, really love meat.  Like, all meat, all the time.When I go to Prince, I'm usually with Serbs and we order the plate of meat for two (it's enough for at least three people).  It includes cevapi (Serbian national dish, looks like ground beef sausage links), chicken, beef, pork, and some cheese-stuffed thing I have yet to identify.  It's really good when you're in the mood for a serious dose of protein.  I've also ordered  the beef soup which, literally, includes like a pound of smoky beef roast.  It's insane.  You will leave this place doubled over in pain from the amount of meat you consumed.  I guarantee it.  This would probably be a great place for body builders to eat.The only downside to Prince is that I always feel really intimidated walking in.  The restaurant is dimly lit inside and it sometimes feels like a "Serbian only" atmosphere.  But, if you feel self-conscious, just go outside to the patio seating and chow down on your cevapi.  The waiters are really nice and will make you feel welcome.  It's definitely an experience.
5	Very authentic Serbian Cuisine!! Place is a little small but most hole in the wall places offer the best food, and Prince is no exception! Must try the cevape, so delicious. If you love European or Serbian food this is gonna nv to be your new favorite spot!!
1	This is nothing to compare with real Serbian food. The service is beyond terrible, the food is as well terrible. For there shopska salad, they use the cheapest roma tomatoes, and while you pay $5.50 for a plate, you have about 3 soup spoons of salad, seriously??!!The chevape who ever says are out of this world or best in there life, those people probably never ever tried authentic chevape!! They have no taste, they were over cocked, they did not even smell on chevape. Same as the pljeskavica... Tasteless rubbery ground meat. Veshalica was acceptable but again not even close to how should be. Big plater with meat for at least 3 people to eat but fries for one person...what s joke.Nobody cares if u enter it or not, very unwelcome atmosphere, very dark, have to use phone light to read the menu. Service was unbelievable terrible, the owner was there but he dose not care for customers, the only thing this person cares is to put money in his pocket. We asked for bread 3 times and ketchup as well... On the end waitress asks if everything was OK???! Seriously???Don't waste your money.., and it's a lot of money as this place is very very OVERPRICED !!!!'
5	Great mediterranean cuisine (Yugoslavian) foodI ordered for $19.99 the small Meat Plate for one person with Pork Steak, Cevapcici, Pljeskavica, Sausages, french fries, Ajvar and salat"It was good and much meat
