4	Rosatti's doesn't deliver to Verona (I can't blame them), so we decided to call Falbo's.  And that's when we discovered Falbo's in Verona closed and is now "AJ's Pizzeria and Diner" (thankfully the phone number is the same).An extremely helpful and friendly gentleman answered the phone, informed us of the recent change, and offered their web address so that we could browse the new menu.  After a quick peek, we called back and placed the order: spinach cheese bread, a garden salad, and a large thin crust pie with the gold-standard for toppings (sausage, onion, mushroom, green peppers).We were quoted a delivery time of around 40 minutes, which seemed totally fair.  After we hung up and poured a glass of vino, the phone rang - a computer glitch wiped out part of the delivery address; the gentleman was extremely apologetic - it wasn't a big deal at all.  These guys seem like super friendly and helpful folks.After less than 25 minutes, the doorbell rang and our bounty had arrived.  The driver was very professional and friendly as well - seems like they want to really make a good impression with their customers.  We started with the salad; it was huge, and very fresh.  The slices of tomato were a bit unusual, but all things considered, the salad was good.  It featured cukes, tomato, onion, bell peppers and croutons (which appeared to be pre-made).From the salad, we tried the spinach cheese bread, which featured a french loaf, cut in half, buttered, and topped with fresh spinach and mozzarella cheese, which was then baked/melted.  The bread wasn't real crisp - my guess is that it sat in the styrofoam container too long and probably steamed itself a bit.  We saved it and will reheat it in the oven.The pizza looked excellent - perfect thickness of the crust; plenty of uber-fresh toppings, and just the right amount of cheese.  We dug-in, and while the outer part of the crust was nice and crisp, the center had gone soft, just like the spinach cheese bread did.  Again, I'm guessing it's because we left it in the box for too long, or that the fresh veggies ended-up steaming the pizza a bit as it cooked?  Despite the flopping inner crust, the pizza was superb.  The sauce was excellent, the sausage was delish, and the veggies were cut thin and piled high.  We both ate more than we should've, but it tasted soooo good we couldn't stop ourselves.I'll definitely order from AJ's again, and will ask for the crust to be a little more well done.  I also wonder if a sheet of parchment or something on the bottom during transport would help keep things more crisp?  I wish these guys the best of luck with the new venture.  Give them a try!AJ's = WINFood = 3.5 starsService = 5 stars (fast, friendly, helpful)Value = 4.25 starsI'd prefer to rate AJ's as 3.5 - 3.75 stars, but aside from the softish crust, it was a 4+ star experience, so we'll bump 'em up a bit.
4	Stopped by late one night and picked up a pizza for takeout.  Although it seemed to be a little pricey, it was an excellent pizza.  Tasty thin crust, delicious pizza sauce and was very generously topped with mushroom (big fresh slices) and pepperoni.  So good.
5	This place is the same as Falbos (which I also give  ) and I really love the pizza here. It is topped with many mushrooms if you order them. I really recommend this place.
4	I moved here from NY about six years ago and it's SUPER difficult to find a great authentic NY style pizza. Madison does Chicago style like a champ, but finding the real deal out here is not easy.AJ's took over when Falbo's closed down... and they are nailing it.Whenever I ordered from the more well-trafficked places, like Glass Nickel, I always had to tell them 3 things: mozzarella cheese, not a blend; thin crust; and well done. That's the closest I could get to a real NY pizza.AJ's does that, without being asked to. Never got a soggy crust, never got too much sauce or too little sauce. I've ordered from AJ's about eight times now. The crust is freaking heavenly, and exactly how I remember - a little al dente due to good, long kneading, and stiff enough on the bottom to fold in half. Honestly AJ's crust is the best part of their pizza, even if they could stretch it a tiny bit thinner.They use real dry mozzarella, which gets the bite just perfectly NY. If I have any complaints, and I do have just the one, it's that the sauce they use is consistently just a tiny bit too salty, but you'd never notice it unless you put pepperoni or sausage on the pie.
4	Decided to order a pizza for delivery and am happy to report that things have only gotten better since my first review from March 11, 2013.Friendly service via phone, super fast delivery (less than 20 minutes), and a perfectly cooked pizza - the crust was IDEAL, the toppings were plentiful and delicious.Verona - count yourselves lucky to have AJ's!
4	Wow, I didn't know this place existed until today but my officemate and I had a hankering for pizza so we did a search for places that deliver and found AJ's. It wasn't the fastest I've ever had (we called when they opened, at 11 AM) so it could be that they have high volume at the start of their day because it took about 45 minutes to deliver at Epic, but it was delicious and totally worth the wait. We got a deep dish special with one side the Deluxe and the other half the Spicy Chicken, both excellent. I liked that their Italian sausage is good quality with a lot of flavor and they don't scrimp on the toppings. Also, the crust was chewy on the inside and crisp on the outside - just right.Definitely would recommend to anyone in the Verona area wanting some real pizza for delivery (not Dominos or Papa Johns).
4	Formerly Falbo's, until the owner branched out on his own. He's kept up the good work. Not your choice for a fast, cheap pie -- for that, Domino's and Pizza Hut deliver -- but how does the saying go? "Good food is not fast, fast food is not good?" Having said that, the $5-two-slices-and-a-drink deal at lunch is a steal, especially if "food coma" tops your afternoon to-do list.For the price, the pizza goes a long way because it's dense -- the crust is substantial and the toppings plentiful -- and the "large" is truly large. If you're hankering for pizza in V'Town, AJ's should be your go-to choice.
5	My shout out for best pizza go's to Aj's of Verona.  It is a delicious foldable crunchy crusted pie with the perfect amount of toppings.  I order at least 2 pizza's a week from these guy's.  Great staff and are always willing to help out our community with sales for hockey, baseball, and football.  I eat their pizza at baseball games all summer and will continue to be a faithful patron as long as you continue to be in business.   Great job fellas!!
1	Great pizza spoiled by a poor conditions in the restaurant.I will say that my family and I enjoyed our pizza - a delicious, hot thin-crust pizza with fresh toppings and good sauce.  What concerns, me, however, is the condition of the restaurant and the kitchen.  We decided to dine-in.  Initial impression was good - a fun little pizzeria with a pinball machine and a coin-op video game in the corner.  Another family was seated and appeared to be enjoying their pizza.  Things went south soon after we sat down.Cleanliness is a problem for the restaurant.  There were flies buzzing all over and I was repeatedly brushing them off of our table, my kids and myself.  When the server brought a stack of plates, two of them were dirty and I had to exchange them for clean-er-ish ones.  The kitchen, visible from the counter by the entrance, didn't look super clean either.I was also a little offended that the flat screen in the corner was tuned to one of those Pawn shop reality shows.  I had to explain to my kids why there was swearing and threats of violence (things I would never let my kids see or hear normally) on the TV.  If the owner expects families to dine there, it shouldn't be the responsibility of the patron to ask the owner to switch to something more family-friendly.It's sad - we really enjoyed our pizza but that I won't be returning because I won't be able to eat it without questioning the sanitary conditions it was made in.
4	Whatever you do, do NOT overlook this little pizza joint in Verona. I can understand the urge to play it safe and order from a chain, but if you go to AJ's you won't regret it! We have called AJ's for delivery two times since we moved to Verona and both times, we had our pizza within 20 minutes. The thin crust is SO good and their pizza reminds me of the pies you can only find in New York or New Jersey. Tonight, my husband and I went out on a limb and ordered the Mac and Cheese pizza and it was amazing! We ate the entire thing rather quickly.My only negative is that the crust was a little overdone on the bottom.. But just a couple spots were burned and it didn't matter, the pizza was still delicious. We will be back!
5	I love their BLT wrap!  As a joke for my son who doesn't like tomato, I got him a bacon, lettuce, turkey wrap.  Both were perfection!  I love their pizza, too.  What a treasure for Verona!
