4	New restaurant in Summerlin. Food was good. Nice assortment of tapas and Spanish wine. Servers were attentive and friendly. Give it a shot!
1	I created a Yelp account specifically to warn people of this place - that's how bad it was. Of the thousands of restaurants I've been to I have never felt the need to write a review so this is a first. First of all, the food was terrible. Just on that fact alone I would never go back. In my entire life I have never sent my food back, but after my first bite of the Chicken and Chorizo Paella I looked down at this huge plate of food and had to send it back. It had a really strange after taste that I can't accurately describe, but I knew I didn't want another bite. At least they did take it off our bill, but a manager never came over. On our way out I think the guy holding the door was the manager; he asked how it was and I was honest. He just mentioned that he would speak to the chef - didn't offer a gift card or anything at all. The service was pretty bad also. One guest didn't like their drink after the first sip and nothing was offered other than to curb it by adding Sprite. Bottled beer is $5.50, drinks are about $10, tapas are roughly $6-12 and the Paella is about $35. They only have 1 draft beer. One positive is that they have a few large TVs that were easy to see, but instead of playing sound from the football game they had slow depressing music. The restaurant isn't very big either. If you were to compare this place to Firefly, it's no contest, Firefly is considerably better - I'll gladly take my chances with Salmonella. Thank god I had left over pizza to come home to from earlier in the day. Even though I live right next to it, this will definitely be my one and only experience with Toros Spanish Kitchen and Tapas.
1	I was hoping this place would be great! Ordered the bacon wrapped dates which I probably wouldn't order again. The chicken chorizo paella was terrible. We took one bite & sent it back. Probably the worst I've ever had. Sent it back & never had a manager come to the table. Our server was nice & it was obvious that she had just come back from a smoke break. I don't have any intentions on going back.
5	I'm so excited about this place. I live in Henderson but it is worth the drive. I love the environment, kind of rustic meets Spanish. Food is unique, as it is from different regions of Spain (menu even shows origins). I moved here from Idaho where there is a huge Basque population, it is great to bring some of that culture to this city. Also, staff was very friendly and welcoming. I was very impressed that the owner even came to my table to check on our experience. All in all I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to have drinks and/or eat.
5	Great food , nice staff, owner came around to make sure everything was great. Don't listen to people who complain about the prices, you get what you pay for.
1	First of all, I'm a major YELP user, and like most of you on here, I look at Yelp for food recommendations; however, I am a terrible Yelper and never actually post anything on here. This place was so bad, that I actually had to find time to post something to inform the public on how terrible this place is!Coming home from Red Rock Canyon, we (party of 4) decided to give this place a try.The hostesses seemed lost when I requested a table for four. She just walked in a circle around the restaurant before going back to the front to ask another hostess for help on where to seat us ?!  We ordered the mussels, which were super tiny and came with half of them still closed. Why would you serve totally closed mussels to your patrons?  The dates, at a whopping $6 for three, don't even have a nut in the middle like Firefly giving them no texture.  The sangria was good, however, it was overloaded with ice in an attempt to minimize alcohol content and maximize volume with ice.  The bruschetta with ham (NOT PROSCIUTTO AS IT SHOULD BE) was good, but for 7-8$ for two tiny pieces, it was way overpriced.  We also ordered Scallops, Sausage, and another item which we cancelled because we just wanted to leave and find another place to eat.Basically, everything is so overpriced that you will spend 40$ per person and leave totally hungry.  The quality of the shrimp, mussels, and other meats is so poor and tiny that it seems that the owners are simply taking advantage of the "Summerlin Area" by charging such high prices for such low quality.Finally, this "Tapas Restaurant" actually has gaming machines and huge flat screen TV's all over it with football playing loudly on all screens making this a hyped-up PT's rather than a Spanish-feeling restaurant. Stick with Barcelona, Firefly, or another tapas restaurant if you want to leave full and satisfied, not hungry and ripped-off.
5	Food is very tasty. I loved the oxtail and the crabbed stuffed peppers. I gave them five stars because the atmosphere, service and food were all pretty good and they just opend so it should only get better! It is a little spendy but that's always what i expect from the Summerlin area. The food is well worth it though and I'll definitely be going back soon.
5	The food is delicious, the atmosphere is fun and the service is fantastic! Already been back!
5	Went to Toros this weekend with a group of friends.  We couldn't wait until this new  Tapas Summerlin Restaurant opened.  From the moment we walked in we were pleased.  The atmosphere was very cool; loved all the reclaimed wood on the walls.  The bar in the center has a really fun & friendly vibe.   Something different for the area!  The hostess was sweet,  told us immediately that they were very busy and it might be a bit.  But it was great!  Our waiter was very nice, explained the menu for us and helped us out with some favorites.  We were all very pleased!  Loved all the specialty drinks, The white wine sangria was so Awesome!  The staff seemed to all be so excited which made our dinner experience all the more fun....I am reading some of the reviews that people have written and I think that these people forget that this restaurant has been open for less than 2 weeks and it takes time to work out all the kinks.  With that being said, and with patience and understanding, this restaurant has unbelievable food, must try the Albondigas (meatballs) and the Pollo Parrilla (half Chicken) and lastly the Flan is perfection!  I love John Cutter's and wish the owner and his staff great success.  We all can't wait to go back soon!
4	Toros is excellent i cant believe I see negative reviews on this place for one food is amazing.Filled with a bunch of flavor,went to dinner with my wife and our server a younger guy i believe his name was omar he was very attentive and a blast ,very easy going and very knowledgeable about the menu gave us some awesome food choices which we decided to order,so glad we did we started off with bacon wrapped stuffed dates they were amazingly delicious,ox tail was amazing,and the croquet's were very good as well ,we ordered half roasted chicken which is amazingly good , and finished off with apple banana bread pudding which our server suggested to us and again best meal we've had.Ill be coming back more then twice a week thanks to the food ,atmosphere, and the service.
5	First time here! The owner Adam greeted us when we got here. The hospitality was great, classic rock music was very enjoyable and we loved the atmosphere. We will definitely be back!!
4	We came for a late dinner tonight. I wasn't expecting much service-wise from prior reviews, but we had a great waiter and our food came out lightening-fast. The roasted peppers were delicious, as were the crab stuffed padron peppers. My husband thought the authentic Spanish sausage was unique. I ended the meal with the rice pudding - delicious! Overall, we liked the food, albeit slightly overpriced (but not necessarily for the neighborhood), and the service was fantastic. Even the manager (owner?) came over to see how things went.I also had the $6 glass white sangria. It was yummy and did not seem overpriced. We will be back and are happy to welcome Toros to the neighborhood.
5	Good food, standard pricing for tapas, good selection, great service. Server assumed we hadn't had tapas before and gave us some general ideas about ordering a selection of different items and sharing. I think they brought us one item that we didn't order, but it looked so good we ate it anyway. Really good sliders & Spanish coffee (alcoholic.)
4	We dined at Toro's Spanish Kitchen on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was not very crowded. The dining room offers a choice of high top and regular height tables. Also, several patio tables with umbrellas. Our server was friendly and helpful. Service began with a basket of bread. Orders are submitted to the kitchen electronically table side. The orders were delivered fairly quickly. The Angus Sliders (3 to an order) were tasty and have a smoke paprika flavor. If you look at the inside of the burger it may seem to be under cooked but it is actually the paprika that's mixed with the meat. The Sizzling Chili Shrimp (5 to an order) are very good. Use the bread to soak up the sauce, YUM.  Sweet Piquillo Peppers stuffed with Crab Meat are delicious. They come 2 to an order and are served in a tomato sauce. This is another winner.A pitcher of White Sangria was reasonably priced and had a nice fruit flavor. The menu has a good variety of items which calls for a few return trips.Toro's Spanish Kitchen is a nice addition and adds variety to the dining choices in the Summerlin Community.
5	Ron took great care of us... Sangria is fantastic... Even though I didn't have any food, the atmosphere with the gaming is all I could as for... Great local bar
3	Only tried 2 dishes - squid in ink and chicken with peppers. Squid was fine but it's just squid grilled. The sauce is ink sauce - not much taste. Chicken was obviously heated - sauce was hot but chicken was like warm. It tasted like tomatoe sauce without much more than that. Overall it was ok. Nothing special nor terrible. The bread was poor but the aioli sauce was tasty. They'd do better by serving tortillas or pita. My piece of bread was a bit stale.This place is really close to where I live do was hoping it was great but it's just ok.
4	Last night was my first time at this restaurant, as I live on the other side of town.  First, I must say that last night's background music was fantastic, a great mixture of 80s and 90s, which was nice, as I did not feel like I was dining in a club on the Strip.  Next, service was friendly and for the most part attentive.  And the food, well we ordered sliders (good), garlic shrimp (good), calamari (good).  The dish I liked the least was the potatoes, but I think that's just about preference.  I have read the other reviews about the bacon wrapped dates, and I must say that although I understand they don't include a nut in theirs, like those at Firefly or Jaleo, I prefer it with the nut.  Again, just preference.  I thought the portions were adequate to good, and I think their prices are not much higher and/or comparable to other tapas places.  Tapas places in general tend to be higher in price, and the bill does add up as you order plates and drinks.  Overall, I thought the place was good.
2	A dinner for four people cost $200. For a neighborhood spot, we just couldn't imagine eating here regularly. They did a great job with the interior and it seems like a fun spot for after work drinks.Plus: The sliders and oxtail.Our server was personable (he ended up in the weeds and we had to get his attention multiple times for dishes and the check)Cons: The grilled shrimp and salmon had very little flavorIt took 5 minutes to get our first few tapas dishes, leading us to think that they had been sitting under a heat lamp and 45 minutes to get our last two tapas dishes.
5	Ron totally took care of our needs at the bar.  Steve the manger was totally accommodating to all our needs.  Food and drink was totally great.  Piquillo peppers were to die for.....we will be back!!
4	This is a Spanish Tapa's restaurant that we stopped at on a Saturday for lunch, before heading to Red Rock Canyon.   The decor is quite pleasant, and for a Saturday lunch it was not crowded at all.  The majority of the menu is made of small tapa type dishes.The food was amazing and wonderful.  We shared 5 different dishes plus a dessert. Every dish we had was full of flavor and just so tasty!  With a rate of 5/5, I would imagine most the dishes on the menu would be quite good.  The service was also attentive.The only thing that holds me back from giving it a 5/5, is that if I came here when I was super hungry, the bill would be far too expensive.  It is perfect, if you want a "lighter" lunch.I would most definitely return for brunch or lunch.
1	Walked in and sat down last night.  There were only 15 other people in there. No one even acknowledged us or offered to be right with us. After 15 min of sitting at the bar with not even a drink order taken.... We left and went to john cutters.
3	Oxtail was good.. other than that the flavors of the food were REALLY bland. Their flan had a really bitter sauce, that was gross.. wont be back to dine here there are so many better options for Tapas in town..
2	So we went in for dinner.  Having been to numerous tapas restaurants before we knew what to expect- basically small sharing portions.First- it was FREEZING in there.  Half the patrons were still bundled wearing their coats (I being one of them).  And, we were seated no where close to the door.Second- the music was so loud that our waiter missed some of the dishes that a guest at our table ordered.  The items that we ordered, I felt like I was screaming, I had to repeat a few times until they were clearly understood.Third- Our waiter was horrible (and not because he couldn't hear orders over the music).  When we first entered, it was fairly early dinner time.  There were other folks sitting and being waited on.  Not us.  Finally, he arrived took our drink orders.  Then he disappeared.  Drinks dropped off.  Again, he disappeared.  Time passed, he ran by dropped off bread.  Disappeared.  At the time, we were is only table.  After about 20+ minutes he finally came by to get our food order.  Disappeared.  He only reappeared to toss some food on the table.  Finally able to flag him down and ask for more bread (I wanted it to sop up some yummy morsels I left on my plate).  Without asking, he just grabbed my plate and told me I could get a clean one.  The whole point was I didn't want and clean one.  It is also a pet peeve of mine when a waiter/waitress touches my plate without asking..... It was at that point we informed him that some of our food was missing.  So, after a longer wait (at this point the place was filling up) we finally completed our meal.Fourth- Pricing.  Again, we know tapas.  But somehow, the prices did not match at all to what you were getting.  Firstly, It's located in a very "family" style community.  There is another restaurant catty cornered to this one.  They understand this concept and although they are considered a "tavern" are constantly packed because of the family friendly prices and atmosphere.  Secondly, I personally don't think that paying $8 for 'tempura artichoke hearts' (when 3 pieces come on the plate, they were barely a mouthful each, and they obviously used canned artichoke) is worth it.Overall, despite the pricing, most of the food was good. The 'sliced trio of Chorizo' was extremely greasy and oily.  'Bacon wrapped dates" I've had better.  Bacon was nearly burnt, they were served over shredded lettuce that made no sense, and there was no sauce. The 'Gambas con Arroz' for the price ($8) was worth it.  My only issue with that was again, canned mushrooms and canned peas.  At this point, I think I'll stick to my other tapas restaurants.  I feel they are a much better value.  For dessert (because I couldn't take the waiter anymore, I was uncomfortable frozen, and the music being so loud we couldn't have a conversation) we opted to go to the grocery store across the parking lot.
4	The hubs and I ate here for lunch on Friday and was pleasantly surprised. It's a sister property to John Cutter, which we don't think of as impressive since the service always sucks. That's another review though. We started off with one of their signature cocktails, I had the cranberry fizz and he had the bloody Caesar. Although the drinks were pricey, they weren't watered down or tiny. The first thing that came out was their bread, and honestly it was the best bread I had at a restaurant in a long time: super rustic and crusty, served with some sort of aoili. The Manchego cheese plate was really good too. Stuffed Piquillo peppers, just ok. Garlic shrimp: well cooked, but I expected a little more flavor and punch. Meatballs: succulent and flavorful. I was slightly put off by the continuous use of red sauce, though. I love the decor of this place and it certainly helps that it's a short walking distance to our house. I really hope that it does well so the neighborhood has more options besides John Cutter.
4	It's "TAPAS," not "TOPLESS."This restaurant located at the corner of W. Charleston and Desert Foothills opened on November 1st, brought to us by the same group who run John Cutter right next door.  I enjoy tapas places because you get to sample lots of small plates, ordering more of those you like.  It's a mini-buffet that comes to your table.Our group of four ordered:-bacon wrapped dates:  unlike another tapas place in town, these are really dates wrapped in bacon.  The dates are not stuffed with anything except their own sweetness.  Solid.-meatballs:  I needed a dish with more protein, so I ordered these.  Nothing spectacular.-bread and butter:  carbs!  -oxtail:  my favorite dish of the night, which I only had to share with one friend.  I could have had another order all to myself.  Fall-off-the-bone meat and a nice sauce to go with it.-ahi:  I'm allergic to fish, so I only looked at this.  The friends liked it.-garlic shrimp:  I had one.  Nothing special.-asparagus:  this was another winner for me.  The grilled spears tasted great.-croquetas:  deep-fried cream cheese, bechamel sauce, and ham (I think)--what's not to like?  I liked.-manchego cheese:  served in three chunks with some toasted bread on the side.  I like this cheese, but wish it had been sliced for us, or at least give us a cheese slicer so we can do it ourselves.-Serrano ham:  too salty, but that's just me.-flan:  YUM!  The sauce has cinnamon in it.  My pal could have done without the cinnamon, but I loved it.I also had a glass of the red sangria, which was not too strong, just the way I like it.Our server, Omar, was very attentive the whole night and the food came out very quickly.The bar in the middle of the room has video poker machines and there are several flat screen TVs throughout the restaurant, so this is a great place to come and watch sports in a non-smoking environment and with good food that isn't your typical bar fare.Overall, a great time was had by all.  It's a welcome addition for the locals who live in the neighborhood and we'll definitely be back.
4	Very good food and even better service.The only thing to criticize is that they always play classic rock. I love classic rock just as much as the next guy, but the music doesn't quite fit in with the place. The music zaps the energy right out of a place that could have a really awesome atmosphere.
4	I really enjoyed the food and service, excellent food but I do agree with other reviewer about the music. Music makes a huge difference while you are dining, and in the case of this restaurant continuous classic rock does not match the food served. Literally I want to go in, have excellent food and get out ASAP, because the music is draining. Hope they change it or mix it at least!!
1	Reading over the reviews submitted so far for Toros, I am baffled.  Most yelpers rave about the wonderful food; the few exceptions thought the food was fine but too pricey.  I couldn't disagree more with either camp.First, the food.  I have a fairly strict standard for eating out:  Trader Joe's frozen entrees.  Huh wha??  Lemme 'splain ... a while back I discovered that Trader Joe's offers remarkably good frozen food - no, not as good as making everything from scratch with fresh ingredients, but orders of magnitude better than any other frozen cuisine.  After sampling a few dishes, I decided that if a restaurant wasn't noticeably better than TJ's frozen, it's just not worth it.  That's when I decided to never again eat at the likes of Friday's, Bennigan's, Outback, etc.  Mind you, the restaurant doesn't have to be fancy.  I'll eat at a hot dog stand, as long as it serves really good dogs.Although Trader Joe's doesn't offer Spanish tapas, I'm pretty sure that if they did, they'd be a helluva lot better than the menu at Toros.  Wow, what a morass of mediocrity.  Started with the chicken in saffron sauce and the braised oxtail.  The chicken had no flavor (just bland white meat chicken), and the saffron sauce just tasted like a generic cream sauce, straight out of some bottle.  The braised oxtail meat was OK, but the sauce it was drowning in was off.  If I kept the meat and vegetables out of the weird sauce, it was OK.  Then I ordered bacon-wrapped dates, grilled asparagus, and seared salmon.  The bacon-wrapped dates tasted awfully generic.  I don't know what the difference is, but the b-w dates at Jaleo are a thousand times better.  The grilled asparagus with aioli was the best dish of the night, although that's damning with faint praise.  And the seared salmon with spinach and garlic sauce was nowhere nearly as good as whatever frozen salmon dish at Trader Joe's.  I didn't realize it was a garlic sauce until I saw it on the menu just now because it tasted like flavorless white cream sauce (tasted the same as the supposedly saffron cream sauce - I'm guessing Toros's "saffron" is Yellow Dye #something).  The salmon was overcooked, therefore a bit dry and lacking flavor.  And the spinach was horribly salty.  Finally, on to dessert.  Apparently the Spanish version of rice pudding is rice pudding with cinnamon sprinkled on top.  If you're craving rice pudding, buy it at Costco - Costco rice pudding is worlds better than the stuff at Toros.The atmosphere left me somewhat annoyed.  The server/bartender (I ate at the bar) was very nice but got a bit annoying because instead of asking me how things were, she kept asking, "Isn't everything just amazing?  Isn't the food fantastic?  Don't you just love it?"  No, no, and HELL no.  I ordered a glass of sangria, $6 for cheap red wine mixed with 7-Up and a lot of ice.  Toros is also a "Nevada-style pub," which means they have video poker at the bar.  For most of my meal, there was a group playing the machines, and they were quite raucous when celebrating every little win.  I'm not criticizing them, but be prepared for that if you eat here.The one thing I'm not criticizing at Toros is the prices.  The menu prices are all very reasonable.  I had a 50% off Groupon, but even at full price, my bill for the large quantity of food I ordered wouldn't have come to much.  Also, they have happy-hour (forget the hours) when a lot of the items are half-price.If you're idea of a great steakhouse is Outback or great Italian is Olive Garden, then you'll probably love Toros.  Me?  I'll save my money for Jaleo.  If I had the opportunity to eat 52 meals at Toros for the same price as 1 meal at Jaleo, I'd savor the meal at Jaleo and enjoy my heated-up Trader Joe's the rest of the year.
5	Found this place by happenstance while trying to find Albertsons. We came in on a Monday and discovered their half off tapas special. We admittedly went a little crazy and boy were we glad we did! The tapas was amazing. We ordered the grilled asparagus, tempura artichoke hearts, sea scallops, calimari, ribs, and ox tail. All of these dishes were incredible. Unfortunately, they were out of the escargot. Guess that leaves something for next time! :) We finished dinner off the Spanish coffee and the lava cake. We will definitely be back and with friends/family too!
5	We are so excited that there is a neighborhood bar to go to besides John Cutters! I don't have a penis, don't gamble nor do I play golf-yet I get great service unlike the "sister restaurant" next-door ... Ronald and Rheanna are such professional and friendly bartenders who are all we could ever hope for!!! Manager Steve is great also. People who complain about food have so many other places to go within a five mile radius - happy trails to you all! We are very content at Toros. The happy hour is great-I hope they keep it !!!
4	Got a groupon for here.  The food is pretty good, and nothing on the menu has been bad after our second visit.  The only thing lacking are the drinks... The Bloody Ceasar is pretty good, most most of the menu drinks are just so-so
5	Great food, very good selection. Love the atmosphere.Will go back. Highly recommended.
5	I have been here two times and each time was scrumptious! The decor is really cute and they have mason jars at the table holding silverware. Extra point...bc I love mason jars. Now on to the meat of the matter..literally. The oxtail is amazing! The meat is tender and the flavor burst into your mouth with every bite. The dates are good and so is the calamari. I am a girl that loves my sauces and the 3 sauces that come with the calamari are really good. The Sangria is yummy as well. Look for groupon deals so you can get a bang for your buck. Overall...Toros Spanish Kitchen & Gaming will def be in my restaurant rotation!
3	The service is good, very attentive employees.. The decor is pretty modern and pleasant.. However, the food is not that good.. I tried the stuffed piquillo peppers, which were pretty decent. The croquetas were pretty soft and not very tasty. The safron chicken was terrible and the bacon wrapped dates were just ok. The best thing we tried was the gazpacho, good portion, good price and there was a lot of meat on it! They also have a happy hour menu, 4-7 and 11-2 am. Drinks and some tapas items have a good price but truly the food is not that tasty that is not even worth it.
1	I have no idea how this place is ranked so high. Everything that we ordered before the main course was bland;salad, "saffron" chicken, bacon wrapped dates, calamari. All had no taste. The chicken tasted like chicken soup base with boiled chicken. The worst offender was our main course, the seafood paella. For a $36 shared entree you would expect something tasty that you can't wait to go back again for, but it was awful. the paella was. It honestly tasted like rancid vegetable oil with boiled vegetables and mushy rice. I couldn't find any chorizo or chicken which would have added flavor. The seafood was there, but guess what? Totally lacking in any kind of seasoning. The clams were also full of sand and it was very unpleasant having spit out grains of and with each bite. I actually am getting pissed off thinking about this because our check was pretty damn high. We actually left a little hungry because we didn't want to finish the main course.
3	We got there around 10:15 pm and we decided to wait for the Happy Hour at 11pm. We got Estrella beer (which is really giod),Seafood Soup and meatball with fries fries for the kids. All this before 11pm. The soup was ok, 2 mussels, 1 clam, 1 shrimp and few pieces of some white fish that tasted really good. After 11 we got the Chix Wings, Pan Boli, Saffron Chicken and Fried Calamari. The chix wings where really good. The calamari was better. The batter stayed crispy after 10 mins, which is weird to find a batter like that. Pan boli it was great for the soup. 2 pcs. of baguette toasted with jamon serrano, manchego and EVOO.  The Saffron chicken a disapointment. No flavor, no seasoning, no saffron. Looked like a turmeric puree on top of chicken.The service was ok, but there was problems between customers and the bartender. Some people left so disapointed that even the manager couldnt fix whatever issue they where having. Maybe I'll be back but this town is getting so full of Tapas Bars that is getting boring.
3	We came here last night for dinner. We were greeted and sat immediately. The hostess was very friendly and our waiter was very attentive. They don't have a large portion to choose from on their menu for tapas - but all of the tapas are half off on Monday's, which is super nice. Also, the wine list isn't very large. But they have a full bar for everything else. We had a fairly decent number of dishes -Angus SlidersStuffed peppersArtichokesFiletScallopsAsparagusLava cakeEverything was okay. The garlic aioli...if you don't want insanely strong garlic in your mouth for hours, steer clear. Most of the dishes were fairly bland and there wasn't much to them. Everything came out VERY quickly - the waiter said they don't let anything sit in the window and it's all made fresh, which was bizarre because a few of the dishes he brought out were barely luke warm. So, I don't believe that was the case.It seemed in a way that he was doing his best to convince us that the food was good. He was a great waiter, but the food...it was mediocre. I can't see myself coming back again...I like good food, especially when I'm paying for it. ;)
1	I really really wanted to love this place. It looked great from the outside and walking in, the decor was well done. It is clean and inviting. However, although we were the only two customers in the entire store during lunch hour, the service was still very slow. The food was overpriced and not very good.  At the end of our lunch we waited quite a while and no one brought the check. Finally my friend just got up to find an employee. I will say that I don't gamble or drink so I can't rate those items.
2	The atmosphere is very nice and quite comfortable. That's the good part of our visit to Toros. I found the food lacking any seasoning or taste. Has the chief heard of salt or pepper. Portions are very small, we ordered the braised rib we got one piece which was about 3 inches by 3 inches over mashed potatoes cost $8. I understand small plates but most tapas restaurants plates are at least large enough for 2 people to share. At best the food is bland  and not worth the prices they charge. I certainly hope they rework the food. I don't mind paying more for really good food, but I do mind being overcharged for poor food. I don't normally compare one restaurant to another since each should be able to stand on their own but honestly FireFly is hands down so much better.
1	Poor service from the moment we walked in the door. No hostess available, so we stood there waiting. I noticed the hostess cleaning a table in the corner of the restaurant. She looked up saw us standing there and went back to cleaning the table. (there were quite a few clean empty tables already, so i don't think continuing to clean that table was imperative. Were finally shown to a table by a server and given menus. Waited at least 10 minutes, then busboy asked for drink order, then brought us our water. a different waiter showed up, no intro, and just said "what can I get you". we ordered and he zipped away. Food was not very good at all, except for Calamari. Plate presentations were terrible. Sauces slopped in the serving dishes, no garnishes, smudge marks just thrown together.  They overcharged us $1 dollar for the sauteed mushrooms, and when I brought it to the attention of the waiter, he was like "aahhh, ookaay, I'll tell the manager". As if my issue was petty and undeserving. Brought us the check and still hadn't corrected the price overage, stating that he did tell the manager. I can only assume the manager didn't think the change was a big deal either. I have to guess, because I never saw a manager. Too bad, i wanted this to be a good place to go since we live right up the street, but I guess we will need to continue to patronize Firefly for our Spanish tapas fix.
3	Ate here again, and read some of the more negative reviews here as well and was confused... But only for a little bit.This time here, we ordered appetizers we've had before like the Ahi.  It was rather bland and definitely not as good as the past visits.   The seafood soup was mediocre at best as well.It would seem perhaps that different cooks are preparing different days, and some of them are better than others perhaps.The consistency seems to be rather poor, and after the last visit, we're unsure of visiting again.
4	I'm not claiming that Toros has the best tapas in town, but they are good enough for me to come back.  I've been here just twice and I'm a fan. Here's what you get at Toros...-Smoke Free-TV Screens (a lot of them and perfect for the game)-Great Service-Spacious Joint-Inexpensive mini dishes (i.e. tapas)-Happy Hour Specials (look for the red star on the menu)-New Establishment-Not too busyTapas (My Rankings):-Oxtail:  My goodness, this is good..ness.  It's a bit rich, but nothing beat their fall off the bone oxtail.  Perfect with rice. -Asparagus:  Grilled to perfection. I think I can eat two orders on my own.  -Bacon Wrapped Dates:  Pretty good.  Not sure what was better, the bacon or the dates.  Regardless, still tasty.  -Meatballs:  Not the best that I've had, but a good addition if you're looking to add some meat to your diet.  My opinion, the sauce was a little runny. There's a lot more that I've tried and a lot more on their menu that I haven't tried.  For now, it's their oxtail and asparagus that keeps me wanting more. Thumbs up for price, value, and selection.
2	I was looking forward to having a new neighborhood spot that served something off the beaten path but I left feeling frustrated. We went for a nightcap and I had a pretty decent glass of Tempranillo. We ordered a bottle of Pellegrino and when we got the bill we were shocked that they charged $10 for a 24oz Pellegrino (medium sized bottle). This is absurd and when we asked the bartender, she agreed that the pricing for bottled water there is off the wall. It may sound trivial but I feel that I was completely ripped off. This pricing is not fair in the least bit and needs to be re-evaluated. I have not eaten there yet so I can't speak of the food quality but I honestly might not make it back in because of the ridiculous pricing issue.
1	I live around the corner from this place and was disappointed. More on the expensive side for what it actually is. Came at 11 when it was supposed to open and had to wait awhile before they actually did.  When the server finally came out she made eye contact but said nothing.  It has so much potential but with the service and price it's just a disappointment.  Just about anything else could be better and it's too bad anything else isn't in this shopping center.  I swear  Toros and john cutters only stay in business due to the prime location.
4	As I read these reviews, I can only imagine that there must be some correlation between the quality of food, and which night each chef works...we went on "half priced tapas Monday", and the only thing that wasnt great, was the saffron chicken(very bland and mushy)...but since it was half priced we must've ordered 13 different tapas and all the rest were spectacular... I recommend the potatoes, steak, scallop, hell even the escargot was pretty good..
2	The food is not that good. Nor is the sangria. Firefly has this place beat I'm sorry to say. Good try guys but up your game.
4	Went here last night. Mondays are the night to go - 1/2 off tapas. It was busy, but probably because it was on a Monday.  Also, I liked that there is no smoking. They had a pretty good selection of tapas. We probably tried about half of them.  Here is the list: Pil Pil Shrimp - came out sizzling hot in a cast oven pan. The shrimp were good sized, I think there were five or six shrimp in butter, garlic and other seasonings. Calamari - Tried both the fried and the grilled. I liked the grilled calamari better than the fried. Decent portion size, not huge but it is tapas. The calamari was still tender and the grilled had a great flavor and was served on squid ink.  The fried, still good, a light batter. There was one sauce missing, it is supposed to come with marinara and two aioli's but it only had one aoili.  Striped seabass - This could easily by a small meal, one piece of fish.  It was still tender. I liked the onion and peppers it was served with. The fish in itself did not have much flavor. Stuffed piquito peppers - There were two in the order. I could have ate a whole plate. Grilled peppers stuffed with gooey cheese - need I say more. Fried Manchego - I love cheese curds, and this was like the spanish rendition. The manchego was a little salty, but Manchego is.  There are three wedges provided - it was tasty but a bit greesy I may skip this in the future. Pan Bohli - Two pieces of breach with serrano ham and cheese on it.  Good, a little greasy as they grilled the bread - but nothing really noteworthy so I probably would skip this again. I can't remember the name but sausage on potato - the waitress recommended this. It was good but I would probably not get this again. There were four servings/pieces - the sausages were about an inch long and although they had good flavor they were a little tough. They were sitting an a small mound of mashed potatos. The normal tapas price ranged from $6-$9 approximately. For the size of the items I think the price is a little high for the amount you get, but for 1/2 days it is a steal. We also got a pitcher of red sangria ($26) - it was okay, but not very sweet and had a more prominent wine taste than you normally get in most sangria's. I prefer it to be a bit sweeter. I was also impressed that they had Estrella beer on draft (the only place I have seen it) and $6 for a 16 oz poor which is good. Their wine list was also reasonably priced and although small they had some decent wines, not the normal Chateau St. Michelle etc you always see. I can't remember the list but I noted that they had Tobin James Cab. The waitress was nice and the food came out quick. Also they have half off sangria on Thursdays and happy hour from 4-6pm and 11pm-2am with 20% off tapas, and drink discounts for beer, wine and well.  Overall I liked it here for the price, I would come back on Mondays or during happy hour.
1	Go elsewhere.  Service is mediocre, at best. Food is bland. Firefly down the street is much better.
3	Came in on a Saturday night.....crickets!! We were the only ones there. The door is off to the side so glad it was propped open as we wouldn't have know it was open. Music going immediately greeted by bartender. Ordered the pomegranate fizz something. It was awful. Pomegranate juice instead of syrup would have made all the difference I think. My husband wanted a beer, they only have one on tap and don't offer Dos Equis amber. Strange since there a Spanish bar. We also tried they sangria sunrise, that was tasty. The bartender was great and made lots of suggestions. We must have brought a good vibe because after about 15-20 of being there it started to fill up. All the while he was on point with everyone. We ordered a  Siracha chicken sandwich on their reverse happy hour menu. It was basically a chicken sandwich with siracha on it. it was gross. So the menu needs work but bartender was attentive and suggestive with out being pushy.  Also gaming machines all around the bar......way too many. I don't gamble so when there's a lot of machines it makes me feel like I'm taking up someone's spot. I think they could take out half of them and still have a great flow of gaming. I don't know if it's offered but maybe some live entertainment on the weekends. We in Summerlin love a spot we can lounge, eat and drink with live entertainment.
1	We ordered 4 items from the tapas menu and all I can say is why was everything luke warm?  Tried the seared calamari based on other reviews and it had no flavor despite all the dark sauce on the plate.
1	This place kinda blows, it's pretty on the inside. The service is pretty weak. The food is always lukewarm, doesn't really have that fresh taste quality. I've gone twice now and the only appealing part was the rice pudding. Sucks because john cutter's is always on point!
1	Terrible food quality and very disorganized. Very disappointing.
3	Went to Toros for a dinner on a Friday night.  Service was good, but could have been better.  I had to flag our waiter down for utensils which weren't on the table but no big deal.  In other Tapas restaurants I'm used to the waiter coming over pretty frequently to check if you want anything else since they are small plates.  We ordered an array of tapas including the padron peppers, pil pil shrimp, and ox tail.  We also ordered the pork sandwich.  The peppers were tasty but I probably wouldn't order again.  The pil pil shrimp was excellent...lots of flavor and cooked very well.  I would skip the ox tail next time although it was done well.  The sandwich was terrible...dry with no sauce on it.  We ended up dipping it in the pil pil shrimp sauce which wasn't bad, but definitely do not order this.  We will probably be back to check this place out again, but it won't be a regular dining experience for us even though it's close to home
2	My hubby and I go out for Happy Hour once a month on Fridays. I get off work early and we head to a new place by 4:30 or so. Having read a few positive reviews and since this place is pretty close to our home, we thought why not.  The weather was in the high 70's today and nothing is as good as a cool crisp sangria on a warm spring day.  Of course the sangria has to have some flavor, which this one did not Our server was good and very attentive.  The place was pretty empty but it was 4:30 so it was to be expected. We asked our server for some recommendations and ordered the bacon wrapped dates, the scallops, the sliders, some shrimp and the peppers. Everything was just ok. The dates were not as good as Fireflys and we only received 3 of them. The scallops had a sauce made with cinnamon that was a little off putting and the shrimp were way over cooked and had zero flavor. I couldn't talk my husband into eating the last slider either. Our bill was $60 which is pretty expensive considering how small all the portions were, it was also supposed to be happy hour but they only discount their Tapas 20% off the regular price. All in all not a place we'd return to again Next time I'm in the mood for sangria I'm heading back to Firefly.
2	AWESOME PLACE! JUST DON'T  ORDER THE FOOD!  Love the atmosphere.  Love the service (Shout out to Ron! You are THE BEST!).   Love the gaming.  Love the music.   Love the picking my own utensils from the Mason jar.  But the food, AAAARRGH!  TOROS - I WANT YOU TO SUCCEED BUT YOU NEED TO STEP UP YOUR GAME WITH THE FOOD!!!  The reviews about your food being lukewarm and bland are absolutely true! The only thing you have going for you now is a captive audience (i.e. those of us who live nearby and appreciate a place close to home where we can hang out on a weekend night).   I tried you when you were new and the food was, well... lukewarm and bland.  The service was okay.  I held off on writing a review and decided to give you a second chance a few months later figuring you needed some time to work out the kinks.  The service has greatly improved, but the food... UGH!  How can you mess up CHICKEN?   I ordered both the Saffron Chicken and the Roasted Chicken.  They were horrible.  I took them home and fed them to my dogs.  That's expensive dog food.  As I write this review, I am stuffing my face with a bag of popcorn from Costco to get the "ewe" feeling out of my stomach.  Anyway, the lukewarm and bland food will eventually drive people away.  You've got one more shot, Toros, before I throw in the towel.  Don't get me wrong, I'll still show up occasionally to gamble, drink Sangria, and hang out with Ron, but I will NOT order any food.
5	Wow! This was our first time eating here & we loved it! Everything was great, the service but even better was the food. A must have is the Bacon Wrapped Dates & for sure the Paella Valenciana. The shrimp in the paella was perfectly cooked. Chef Oscar Sanchez even came around to greet the patrons. A job well done :-)
5	My go to lunch and dinner spot near home! I have been here about 5 or 6 times now and have figured out the best things to order:-beef tenderloin with chimichurri sauce -asparagus with romesco sauce-Spanish chicken wingsGo on Monday for half price tapas! Skip the drinks unless it's happy hour, though. Finish your meal with the lava cake. It's to die for!
5	WOW! This was our first time eating here & we loved it. Everything was great from the service to the drinks and the food was.even better. A must have is the bacon wrapped dates & the Paella Valenciana. The shrimp in the Paella was cooked perfectly. Chef Oscar Sanchez even came out to greet the patrons.
3	While food is good, the service experience is unacceptable. No hostess available and we were sat down by one of the servers. The server took 10 minutes to greet us at the beginning. Since we had time to analyze the menu, we were ready to order drinks as well as food. We had: Calamari ( needed a few more seconds in the fryer), cantimpalitos ( excellent), tortilla (good), scargots ( probably canned, sauce was great). Bread service was good. Skip the sangria saince it was weak and watered down. Back to service: not even one table check, we had to waive for service for several minutes while being ignored by several staff members. We ordered round two of tapas, no table bussing or drinks offered. Without going into technical service issues, the staff need to be trained in genuine customer service. Smiling and general hospitality were completely absent from the place. Server was obviously " in the weeds" without a busser or assistant for the entire table turn. Will I be back? Maybe for an order to go....
4	The food was great. But even for tapas, too small.
1	Took awhile for our server to come take our orders...only ordered a Barcelona sandwich and everyone's order came before mine...even other people who got there after us...my sandwich ended up taking 45 minutes to come out to me...and it didn't have the cheese that the menu said it was supposed to have so I sent it back to get cheese and when it came back out half the bread was missing and replaced with a piece of sandwich bread. Asked to speak to the manager who was not even there so the head chef came out and was telling us how they are usually slow on Sundays and ran out out a lot of stuff, I told him I was not paying for my meal...turns out he comped our whole meal. Never going there again
5	Our awesome server Manny G was great with the service and was even better exposing us to new drinks. New drinks that were not in the menu were a treat. My friends and I return to restaurants constantly due to their cocktails and food. But mind you the cocktails keep us coming. Thank you Manny for the great drinks we (6 of us) hope we see these in the menu soon. Thanks so much Firefly!!!
2	I really like the deco of this place, but the service and quality of the food didn't justified what I had to pay.  We had to remind our waiter two out of five orders did not come.  Food quality was average.  I live one mile away of this tapas, wouldn't go there again.
4	The tapas were all good, nothing really wowed us, we did try their tequila rice pudding and loved that they sugar carmelize the top like a creme brulee.  What takes this to 4 stars is the service.  We, like many reviews went with a Groupon, unfortunately during happy hour, I asked to speak to the manager and he agreed to put in our order after happy hour ended in the computer so we could use the Groupon.  That was A1 customer service.  After that experience we will return!  Thank you.
3	We ordered a few items on the tapas menu. Food is okay although some of the items reminded me of Julian Serrano's menu. The execution was decent but the food didn't taste very good. One thing though: I noticed the other reviews mentioned how small the portions were; yet all of the items we ordered came in huge portions! You're probably better off going elsewhere for tapas.
5	Great casual atmosphere.  We had the sangria,  escargot,  paella, and tequila rice pudding.  Everything was excellent.  It was my first time having escargot and it didn't disappoint. Chef Oscar came around and spoke with us. We even added him to our Facebook.  Great to speak with a chef with such passion about his food.
3	A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.Since we were there to watch a basketball game, I asked the bartender to change the channel on one of the overhead screens and advised our waiter to be prepared for a leisurely dinner. We started off with a glass of pinot noir and a Fat Tire at happy hour prices plus orders of grilled eggplant (2 slices of grilled eggplant topped with goat cheese and tomatoes) (2.5 out of a possible Forks), bacon wrapped dates (2 Forks) and pil pil Shrimp (21-25 ct shrimp in a garlic, paprika, white wine and parsley sauce. (3 Forks).  The latter was served on a hot plate and proved to be the best of the tapas though the shrimp were slightly overcooked. On the second round we ordered seared salmon over spinach topped with bechamel sauce (2.5 Forks), ham croquettes (2.5 Forks) and piquillo peppers stuffed with goat cheese and crab with tomato sauce (2.5 Forks).  We thought portion sizes were very small given the price and very average quality. Fortunately, I had a Groupon.
5	I live right near here, had seen it go up and never went to it.  Randomly decided to take the lovely special lady friend out to dinner and chose this place.  Needless to say, we were both very impressed.The service was outstanding and friendly, the food was outstanding (we shared one of the huge Paella dishes - fresh and outstanding), and had a few drinks and a salad.  Pretty damn pricey, but nice to eat well and not have to be super decked out, naw'mean?  The live music is a really nice touch and the overall vibe of the place is great.  Definitely not the kind of place I'd go to every weekend, but for special occasions it is awesome.
4	Great tapas with good prices. Chicken tacos on their specials page were awesome. Wanted to order more tapas, but filled up pretty quick. Ended up ordering the chicken tacos twice. Fried calamari and seared scallops were good. Sauces with the Calamari were good, however the scallops - you only get three - serve at least one more even if you have to raise the price. The bread they served was wonderful - great experience. k
1	Nothing at this place was good except for the company, which I brought.  The $36 paella is not worth a penny.  And the sangria, don't get me started.  I don't know if the food was worse than the drinks or perhaps the do**** waiter should get the prize.  Save your dough and just don't go.
3	Service was great! Food was either bland or too salty. Sangria is tasty. Entertainment was great, nobody seemed to notice but us.  Would come back for sangria and entertainment.
3	Don't really recommend the bacon wrapped dates a little too dry and not a lot of flavor.  The garlic shrimp where perfect and the ahi tasted as if it were spam from a can. I was a little disappointed with the Ahi because it's usually my fav were ever we go. We tried the strawberry bajito yum-o. Bartender took along time to make drinks and there was maybe only four of us in the whole restraint.
5	How can you beat super cold beer on the tap?  Ordered the chicken skewers and a chicken tostada salad with my wive and it had amazing flavor.  I would highly recommend this place...
5	Love this place! The chef comes out to greet you! He remembered that I was a gestational diabetic and made sure he made the food for my needs! Also, you can get a gambling card and they give you a free $25 when you hit a 100 credits... I hit that in 20 minutes!
2	The Staff is super friendly.  The machine are horrible.  Have a drink and run because you can't win!!
5	After several visits to John Cutter's next door, we were tempted away to Toros. Being a long time Tapas fan, and with Firefly in the news every other week, we really wanted to like this place. After reading mixed reviews, I was concerned, and hungry...ok, more hungry than concerned.I have a rule about new places. I assume that the servers know what's best. I often ask the servers to bring me the best, and leave it at that. Some servers shudder, some embrace the challenge, some know their menu so well, they barely blink before deciding what to bring. Our server, Omar, was the third type. He quickly decided on three items, all perfect, then two more, still perfect. What did we have? Well, come on by and ask your server. You see, our drinks and menu items were tailored to our tastes. Your experience may be different, but I hope, equal to our experience.I saw a lot of poor reviews from a few months ago, but my understanding is that they have a new chef. Check it out, it may be better than you had previously experienced.-Skacey, former Elite :-)
1	My husband and I went here after a day of looking for houses in the neighborhood, loving tapas we fantasized about this being "our spot" when we bought a house nearby.  The decor is a little odd, flags all around the bar, and near 100 or so pier one type tin lanterns with the stars punched out (you know the kind...).  Booths all in one corner, and large enough to fit 8, I personally don't like high tops, so sitting here felt super odd.  We sat waiting for a waitress to come over for about 5 minutes while it wasn't busy at all... not the end of the world, but something you defiantly note the first time you go somewhere new.  Being a spanish tapas place I ordered chicken nachos and my hubby ordered the chorizo, meatballs, and bacon wrapped dates (all tapas).  I know that tapas are served as their done, but being that nachos are chips on a plate, cheese, and then into a salamander to melt i totally thought those would be first.  No wrong, all 3 of his dished were served at the same time the bread was brought out... like literally less than 5 min after ordering.  I thought it to be strange at first, but upon tasting it was clear this was all reheated food.  The chorizo was hard, like the texture of a giant slim jim that had been left on a counter for a week.  The dates just rated off, almost as if the oil they'd been fried in had dent been changed in quite a long time.  The meatballs didn't gross me out as the other two did, but hey, you can keep those sitting in sauce and it'll keep well.  I had moderate hopes for my nachos as they were hopefully freshly prepared being that they were not served immediately.  nope.  Now its not hard to make nachos, as described earlier.  When I ordered I asked if the optional chicken was shredded or chunks, and our waitress said shredded, I was expecting the type of cooked in a salsa, until the chicken falls apart shred.  This was like canned chicken sent through a food processor, more baby food than "shreds".  In addition to this, the plate consisted of chips, shredded cheese(not fully melted btw), and olives. No peppers, no salsa, no sour cream, a plate of chips with cheese, olives and chicken.  So none the less we won't be back, I can't see where these good reviews came from, we did go on a sunday afternoon, so maybe at the slower times you get the crappy food? I don't know.
5	Been here several of times. So many times I can't remember. The sangria is amazing the tapas are absolutely delicious!!! Must try the sliders or anything!!! We love it all!!! Service is great!!!!!
4	It was my wedding rehearsal dinner and I really wanted tapas for all the different tastebuds attending.  It's also sports/video poker bar, so not a romantic setting, but I didn't mind.  Some of my guests wanted to gamble anyway.  The executive chef, Oscar Sanchez, and the manager, Lisa, took real good care of me.  We went over the menu, the timing of the dishes, the different diets in our group, and I even was able to order dishes not on the menu.  How accommodating!  The service was impeccable, the prices reasonable, and the presentation mouth-watering.  Everyone attending was impressed with the entire experience and left with happy bellies.  Thank you, Toros, for taking care of us.  I'll always visit when I'm in town!
5	Absolutely love this place! The food is great and the service is even better. I highly recommend the seared calamari with a side of bread to dip in the ink sauce!This last time I tried the paella and it was definitely delicious! It's enough for at least 3-4 people so come hungry!
3	I have been here twice now. First time it seemed expensive so I avoided it for a long time. In search of something different we ventured here again and while it wasn't as expensive as I remember the food just wasn't quite on. Margaritas: way too much sour. I didn't finish mine. That never happens. Empanadas: seemed frozen/reheatedDates: can't go wrong here. Tasty but only 4Tenderloin from tapas: tasty. Potatoes weren't the real deal but I thought it was good enough. There was something cheap about the steak. Corn cakes: sugar bomb. I honestly didn't taste anything corn about these guys. They were dressed with maple syrup seemed more like a pancake. The bf enjoyed them so they got a few points. All in all, tapas are no bueno. I will try one more time because I like the area, but I'll go for an item off the menu -- sandwich or entre.
1	Just witnessed a few Duck Dynasty looking bikers wielding foot long army knives reach over the bar, grabbed bottles of alcohol, and walked out.  But it gets better...they walked back in, sit down at the bar, and are getting served shots.With 1 waitress, 1 female bartender, and 1 bus boy manning shop, not sure if they saw it or just ignoring it.Either way, I would not recommend bringing your kids or date here. On the food:Braised oxtail is goodScallops so-soSeared prawns were sent back as all of them were mushy and rotting.  Even the Buser said it stinks when he took it awayThis place doesn't seem like it would be around after another few months
1	This is not a good restaurant experience. I think this restaurant is about to close. Ambiance: Empty restaurant on a Wednesday at 8:30pm. Hip hop - pop music at Spanish restaurant. Gang members with unconcealed weapons and lit cigarettes in a non smoking restaurant. Food: seafood was rotting and had to be returned.  Even the sangria was poorly made, although drinkable.    Rice pudding had decent flavors but was not finished cooking (rice was hard and liquid had not yet been absorbed).  Oxtail was good. Ahi tuna is tasteless. Fried artichokes are sour and runny. Service: very nice waiters but have not been trained in proper service steps. All the tapas came out at the same time and couldn't fit on the table. Conclusion: it's not good enough for their price. Good news is that the next restaurant in this space might be better!
3	I'm not sure how I feel about this place after my one visit on early Sunday evening.  It's walking distance from my house and they have an outside sitting option which is a bonus for me if I have my dog(s) with me.   It's an expansive and varied menu but pricey in my opinion for a neighborhood bar.  The server suggested the tapas menu on the back since we weren't really interested in a meal.  We ordered a pitcher of Sangria for $26.  Way to high!  It was about 6:30 when we got there so we just missed happy hour but really for a local neighborhood bar I would probably be a frequent visitor if that happy hour was all day or even if there were more drink specials available.  Like John Cutter next door you can get a free drink by signing up by text.For tapas we chose the calamari, ceviche, and the chicken skewers.  A complimentary bread basket with dipping sauce was also provided.  I have no complaints about the food and the tapas were fairly priced.  The restaurant was larger then it appeared outside but almost empty minus a couple other tables.  The bar is large and offers gaming so that's an option if you're a fan of that.  Because of it's proximity to my house I can't say I will not find myself here again but I will make sure I arrive when happy hour is still in effect.
1	Most UNAUTHENTIC spanish restaurant I've ever been to.  Stopped in for a drink and tapas and left after the drink.  The whole ambiance just isn't there. Based on other reviews, I'm pretty sure I didn't miss out on a whole lot.
4	Love stopping here for a quick drink and tasty appetizer.  The gnocchi is consistently spot on, delicious!  Friendly, prompt service and outdoor patio seating...just hold on to your hats on windy days!  Overall, I always look forward to winding down here :)
2	My husband and I had a Groupon for this restaurant and decided to give it a try since we were new to the Vegas area. We were sorely disappointed when everything we ordered was significantly lacking in flavor. I don't even think salt was used on any of the dishes. Tapas are supposed to be packed with taste-bud tickling flavors and that is definitely not what we received.I will continue to go to Firefly on Sahara instead.
2	Food was OK. $16 for nachos with beef added is pricey in my opinion, definitely take advantage of the Groupon. Never been to a bar that didn't make strawberry margaritas, and never been told "we don't make frozen margaritas!" $9+ for a drink and you can't crush ice in the blender? Won't be going back.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!  Brought to you by the same lousy management and food purveyors as John Cutter.Lousy food, I am surprised I did not get sick from the fish.  Tiny portions and very little flavor.  Also, be careful when you write a bad review about any of the lousy Corrigan restaurants because you will get a petty little note from the owner - "Adam C".  Here's an idea: if you have bad reviews and poor feedback from guests - invest your time and energy into listening and making changes instead of striking back.  If anyone else gets these messages, make sure to avoid their other restaurants: John Cutter and Sedona.
4	Been here a couple times for tapas and it's always been a pretty good experience. Last night we had the seared scallops, padron Peppers, pil pil shrimp, chicken skewers, calamari, and the lava cake. Everything is well prepared but I did not care for the chicken skewers because it was not white meat. However, the lava cake is definitely worth the 15 mins wait. Btw there's a groupon right now so don't miss out!
2	I had a Groupon for $40 bucks to spend here so that was a plus. The atmosphere was great nice layout very inviting large big screens showing the games the bartender and waitress super friendly and nice. the food hoever not so nice. We had the garlic shrimp swimming in butter but no flavor, the brava potatoes were decent, the carne asada street tacos were the best part of the meal but the rice and beans were dry with no flavor. We also had the wings and they were eh just tasted  like they were rolled in hot sauce and covered in cheese. I won't be back.
2	Poor service, and just okay food.  The tapas were too small to share and nothing was really that great.
2	We were excited to hear of a new tapas restaurant in the neighborhood.  We stopped in excited to try this place before heading to a show, only to walk in and discover it felt like nothing more than a PT's kind of vibe.  We sat down at the bar to order a drink and dine, the bartender had a bit of an attitude letting us know she was very busy (but the place didn't seem that bad!), we finally ordered one drink, but the bartender took so long to come back that we were so turned off by the place, we never even ordered food....
3	I went here with my dad and wife.  The food was okay; a bit pricy to get everyone full.  The only bad thing was the prawns; they were not deveined.
4	Love this neighborhood joint.  They recently revised their menu. Although I miss some of the old menu, their current selections are quite tasty.  I really love their bacon wrapped dates and Tempranillo wine. Their sliders and stuffed piquillo peppers are worth a try! This is a nice, causal, laid back restaurant. For an added bonus, they have lots of TVs. I will definitely be back for football season.
4	Great atmosphere! My recommendations (2 of the recommendations with a great server) are the braised oxtail, ferran adria beer (great summer ale), manchego cheese, pil pil  shrimp. Definitely will be coming back for more.
5	Great Summerlin local spot. My wife and I have been there a handful since its opening and have never had a bad meal, bad service or an unpleasant time. I recommend going when the spanish guitar player is there. Really makes for a wonderful atmosphere.
2	Oooooo FAIL.  Ok so its late and you're thinking "man I want some food...hey that place is open...lets check it out".   We were the only people there to eat...others were there chatting up the bartender and gaming.    Guys... How in a place with only 2 customers do you serve cold... Not luke-warm but cold tacos?   Chicken nachos were pretty good, but cold tacos?  Hey I get it its late, but either you're open for business or you're not.   sorry guys
2	I purchased a Groupon for this restaurant specifically because it advertised as serving Spanish cuisine.  The marquee outside still stated it was a Spanish kitchen.  After viewing the menu and talking with the waitress, she stated that the Spanish menu is gone and that they only serve mexican food.   The service from the waitress was good.  The food was just okay.  We were very disappointed with the erroneous advertisement and lack of Spanish food we were expecting.
4	First time back since they changed the menu and I'm happy so far.  New menu is clean and simple.  Spanish/Mexican but done right.  Great taco selection and go to Mexican favorites.  Much more reasonably priced and I no longer feel overwhelmed.So I got the chimichanga.  Crispy and we'll presented.  Love the spicy and tangy red sauce that covers it all.  Overall just a great flavor.  Let's me know I definitely need to come back and explore the menu some more.
4	What an interesting place.  We stopped here for lunch on our way out to red rocks park.  Excuse my surprise, as I'm not from vegas but it was interesting to see gaming here.  This is a pretty good restaurant with some interesting tapas.  We decided to just be surprised and let the waitstaff bring us whatever.  I think the Arepas were the highlight.  The bacon wrapped dates were interesting, but perhaps a little weird to eat hot dates.
1	We were there before they changed their menu and were a tapas restaurant. Before, the food was delicious and since they've changed it, it's horrendous.  My bf got the chimichunga and he said it was just a bunch of meat and cheese that they rolled up to make it a big burrito. He said it tasted like nothing, no flavor.  I got the shrimp taco which also tasted like nothing but I can taste the chared shrimp. I also got the fish taco and del taco's fish taco is  actually better than theirs and finally got their veggie taco. Our waitress said the veggie taco was her favorite...it had no taste whatsoever. It was basically a bunch of meat and cheese and veggies made to fit in a taco. Oh, our appetizers was plain nachos and it taste like pepperoni pizza rolls with guacamole and sour cream on top.  The pizza rolls itself taste better than their nachos. It seems like they fried their chips and then added cheese and baked it and then added the pico, guacamole, and sour cream.Overall, the place was better as a tapas Spanish restaurant and before they changed their menu. We will not be going back to toros.
4	Vibe is great in here, a mix of an American sports bar with delicious Mexican food. Clean restaurant with a friendly staff. I ordered fish tacos and black beans, both were very different than I've ever had but I'm not complaining. Definitely going to become a regular to this place.
4	Pleasantly surprised with the new menu...thank you. Much better than what it was.  The Happy Hour tacos were excellent, as was the shrimp ceviche.
2	Food was cold and not true Spanish tapas. Would never go back even with a Groupon. No windows which made me feel like I was in a dungeon.
2	Man what a disappointment! Went in for tapas and they changed their menu to Mexican food. Nothing special about the food here anymore, just another mediocre Mexican joint in Vegas.  I will not be returning. The tapas were excellent with lots of variety and flavors, sad to see the menu change.
2	wow...just wow.....never again! !!....there's just to much to say.....was never given happy hour prices. ..was out of 3 different beers.... was told I had to buy a bowl of guacamole (for $5.00) when all I wanted was aside... $6.00 for a draft beer ...the manager words to me were...SORRY YOU FEEL THAT WAY
4	Came with a co-worker for lunch...everything was really good!  Carne Asada nachos had a large amount of meat and had a lot of flavor.  Had pork sopes which were even better!  Had good spice lots of meat cooked perfectly!!  I'm saving the best for last...the tacos!!  I had a barbacoa taco my friend had the pork al pastor...the flavor on both was amazing!!  Service by dusty was really good especially since it was just her and a runner.  Next time will be for happy hour!!  Enjoy!!
4	Great neighborhood spot for drinks and snacks on the patio. It's not our go-to spot for dinner even with the new menu, but you can't beat the beer, wine and taco prices during happy hour. We love to stop by any night of the week for a quick drink and let our little one burn off some energy running around the patio. Service is a little slow outside, but once you let them know you need help, they're always friendly and accommodating. Manager was very nice when we had an issue with the bill. We'll continue to go here and probably give dinner another try eventually, but for now, we love the happy hour. We also enjoy the occasional live entertainment.
4	Went back to toros for dinner tonight.  Had a groupon and at the end of the meal they tried to tell me that alcohol isn't covered by the groupon so be careful because it doesn't say that ANYWHERE on the mobile app.  Quit disappointed since we love the food and Diana took awesome care of us .
1	I'm not a huge gambler but I'll put $100 in throughout the night when I go somewhere. Me and 2 friends went in and had a total of 6 drinks between all of us and two orders of tacos and a quesadilla. Tacos were good but the chicken quesadilla came out as all sauce and peppers, very little cheese or chicken. The bartender grabbed me another that was considerably better than the first. Because of this the bartender said,"This drink is on me"... I was appreciative of this... But other than this I saw the bartender on his personal phone taking a call 3 times and didn't seem to care when I had a cash out ticket waiting at all. Like I said, I'm not a huge gambler but I put in a total of $100 and playing blackjack went up and down quite a bit while playing. The check comes, all drinks were charged for except for the one,"He took care of..." Many better gaming spots to go to than this, good service and gaming is found elsewhere...
5	The food is amazing!  Very authentic.   I felt like I was in the heart of Mexico.   Our server, John, was more than kind and very a tentative. Loved the tocos, and the bowl was a very innovative.   Homemade torrtillas chips.  I was thrilled with the meat selection and the red and green salsa.   We'll be back for sure! !
1	The worst service - so slow - over 5 minutes just to get a menu, another 5 to get drinks then another 15 just to get food.  Oh wait we never got our food because the server said I had to be patient (translation: you're going to get your food whenever its ready).  We finally walked out since we never got anything.  Never again
2	We originally went waaaaaaaaaaaaaay out here because of a Groupon. The Tapas were AMAZING and thoroughly enjoyable.Of course, they got rid of Tapas and went with a new "Mexican" menu...because if there's one thing Las Vegas needs more of in the dining scene it's less diversity and more Mexican food. Everything sounded great, but every single thing we ate felt like it was missing one ingredient. They tried to get all "artsy-fartsy" with the menu and it turned into SWING AND A MISS. The first batch of chips we had was not just "salty" it was more like OH MY GOD, HOW CAN ANY HUMAN BEING PUT AN ENTIRE ROMAN CENTURION MONTH'S WORTH OF SALT ON ONE BASKET OF CHIPS?!?!?The head waitress was adorable and very wonderful. She's the only reason they get two stars.If you're the owner of this place, GETTING RID OF TAPAS WAS A HORRIBLE IDEA!Feel free to let us know when you reinstate it, then we'll happily give you more of our money.
5	For a "bar" with a restaurant it is greatGreeted at the doorQuick attentive serviceBut wait the best at the last.. We had fajitas of the steak type and they were delicious and super fast to the tableMargarita greatBeer well that's beerChips and salsa greatHighly recommend stopping in
1	Bring Back The TapasWhy give up a concept that you executed well to embrace one that you don't. Service is great and drinks good, so if that is all you want this is a nice neighborhood place. Don't go for the food...chips are too thick, the 2 kinds of salsas are tasty, tried 4 kinds of tacos - none were good. Black beans were the best dish we had!!
1	This is absolutely the WORST Tapas-turned-Mexican rest in the Valley. Luckily we had a groupon... We ordered the Guacamole (which we were told isn't made until it's ordered) which was a lie because it was freezing cold and had a brownish tinge to it. It was also covered in Cotija cheese, so the flavor was that of cheese. My husband ordered fish tacos, but was served shrimp tacos. Sent those back and received the fish tacos (which state on the menu that it's fresh tilapia. Tasted anything EXCEPT fresh, and there was a 2 inch piece of fish covered in cabbage and lettuce. Absolutely the worst taste ever. Tasted like it was thawed from the freezer. We tried this place once when they served Tapas and it was less than mediocre. Found out it was owned by John Cutter (next door).. Food quality is very poor. Don't waste your money, even if it's a groupon.
4	Went there the other day, the food was great I had the sopes and shrimp empanadas. It was delicious. I would definitely go back!
5	chef ricky makes the best  fish tacos, Chix. Adobado, shrimp empanadas, huaraches with 8oz stk.  Sopes, nachos, papas Freitas with cheese, queso modelo.i recommend this restaurant.  Great staff. Definitely coming back
5	I love this place so much. I always get the chimichanga and let me tell you.  It's so amazing. My wife always gets the ceviche .. it's so so amazing. Perfect amount of lime and spices. It's so good. Also there's such nice people. This one girl I think her name is Melissa ? Or Michelle ? I know she's new. Her attitude is amazing  she always comes with a smile and my chips. Which ! They are made fresh every day. I'm getting hungry just thinking about. I recommend this to anyone who loves a kick back place ! (:
4	Robin, Jessica and Gene are awesome!  Good gaming bar!  Jessica and Robin all about making perfect drinks and very attentive and Gene took the time to teach me how to game a new game!   Get a glass of Cava!!!
1	This is concerning the free drink or $20 match play on the machines offer. We chose the free drink. I asked the bartender if the drink that was $9 on the menu was included in the free offer, she said yes. But, when we got our bill, we were charged $2 for each drink! The point being, then the drink was not free! BAD business! You don't lie to the customer!
5	Enjoyed spending  Thanksgiving with the Toro crew dedicated to working on a holiday eve. Jen & Niki took super good care of us. Thank you. DustyLee turned on the mixologist in her and made some super yummy pitchers of cocktails perfect for everyone.
5	Our waitress was very personable, helped us finalize our beer and food choices. All delicious, especially the chicken fajitas. Enjoyed watching a football game too.
5	I've been here three times and held back writing a review the first time only because I saw many subpar reviews. But after my third visit, I have to write about this place because they deserve it. Toros has some great food but it really depends on what you order! There are definitely dishes that are a HIT or a miss. After looking at the menu for a few moments, our server returned quickly and asked us if we wanted to put in our order early. She said there was a party of 15 that has been seated but wanted to put our order in first so we wouldn't need to wait so long. Wow! Now that is some great service.The interior is pretty cool and doesn't look too much like a restaurant or a bar, but a neat combination of the two.While you're waiting they serve you chips and salsa. The chips have that authentic, home-made crunch and taste. I'm pretty sure they make it in the restaurant and are terrific.The carna asada tacos are to die for. Not only do they taste amazing, they are like $2.50 each. 3-4 of these and you'll be pretty filled. DON'T get the fish tacos because they were less than stellar. If you want seafood then get the shrimp tacos.I ordered the carne asada bowl and for the price you get a pretty big bowl. The ingredients taste really fresh and appetizing. The best part is all the food came out in less than 10 minutes. Not only was the service great but speedy.For two people the bill only came out to $18 and I was stunned because it felt like we ate a meal worth twice that. Since moving to the Summerlin area, this is the first place I talk about when people ask me about dining. I've been here three times and they have exceeded my expectations each time I've been. Will definitely recommend!
1	I'm not sure how this place stays open. The idea of the Tapas sound yummy but their food isn't very good at all. It's a wanna be "Firefly" type restaurant with a sports bar atmosphere.  I ordered the bacon wrapped dates and a few other tapas. The bacon was almost raw. My girlfriend ordered something with shrimp. The shrimp plate was a tapas plate with 5-6 shrimp... My girlfriend ate one shrimp and didn't like it, sent the plate back. I've been here a few times (with Groupons)... I doubt I'll ever return. Their drinks were ok but not worth the trip.
3	Had our employee holiday party here- staff was great about organizing our event on short notice! Location is decorated on a Dia de los Muertos theme with rustic wooden benches and chairs, and hanging lanterns. Food was solid: variety of nachos, taquitos, quesadillas, and enchiladas available, along with churros for dessert. As for the drinks,  the sangria has an interesting spice to it but the margaritas were the major hit of the evening.Not a place I'd rush back to, but nice and dark for a quiet date night or some late night snacks and drinks with friends. It's a bit out of the way for me, personally. Experience having an event here was a positive one.
4	Was quite surprised to enjoy a very tasty carne asada torta the other day. It came with hot and tasty fries, too. Good sandwich!
