5	Very professional on time and she does great work! If you're looking for make up artist for any event Beauty Extraordinaire is the way to go!! She'll have you looking FAB!! There's alot of make up artist in vegas but she's one of a kind!
5	The Beauty Extraordinare is just that EXTRAORDINARY! She is so hands on and makes you feel at ease before an event. She does beautiful makeup and hair. I would recommend everyone to her!
5	This girl is amazing! I have used her on films and love her work. She's on time, creative and professional.
5	This company is the bomb. One of the most creative and efficient  artists I have worked with. Amanda whips out amazing work faster than I have ever seen while still giving you that special quality experience. She has true vision as an artist and is so much fun to work with. I recommend her for any and all events you may have coming up.
5	Amanda made my daughter and me look beautiful for a very special event!
5	By far the best MUA in the Valley! I have worked with Beauty Extraordinaire for over three years and I will never stop using this company. Amanda is super detailed and very creative. She has the latest looks down and the traditional make up tips she shared have saved me time and money. Beauty Extraordinaire has provided many services for all my occassions. From Runway Fashion shows to costume make up and as simple as teaching me to tease my hair... I love the work and I appreciate the great service. This MUA Rocks your Blush off!!!
5	I hadn't worked with Amanda before meeting her. It's one thing to see photos of her work. It's another thing to actually work with her. She cares about every detail. Amanda was a pleasure to work with. It was a very outrageous character that she help put together involving coloring of skin and a yellow wig. Amanda made the actress we were working with look amazing for a way out there character. Amanda  was also very reliable. I totally recommend her services. Amanda simply rocks!
1	I actually made a yelp account just so I can leave this comment this is how bad she was she came to my room drunk and high my room smells like weed my husband walked in our room  and went wtf this room smells like weed and she said oh my God you guys caught me I have a leftover joint in my pocket you guys want some. It was literally a freaking joke She didn't even do Me and my Sister-in-law's make up and hair all she did was put eyeliner on me all I gave her was $25 we were late for our concert to Celine Dion She ruined our night And I would never think it from her with all her reviews on here. for her to do something so stupid to be high and drunk to do somebody's make up and hair? And she also wanted my room key so she can go in the pool I was so scared I told her no
