5	The best store I have found for shoe shopping close to Downtown Charlotte.  You could drive further to a DSW but the selection here is just as good and service is arguably friendlier.
4	HUGE selection!! They've got a large section of sale shoes, and they also have pocketbooks. Think rows and rows of shoes for you to browse, set up like DSW. They even have a decent Men's shoes section. The prices were great! And they carry all of the top designers. What more could you ask for?
3	Off Broadway has a huge selection of shoes. I've gotten some cute cheap ballet flats and sandals here. If you go, it's worth it to comb through the clearance racks. You might find a really great deal. They also offer pretty good rewards and coupons. Off Broadway's location, nearby uptown and just past Dilworth, is also a nice perk.
4	Discount shoe warehouse within 5 minutes of home...yeah, I'm a fan! Place is huge and has everything you could need for both men and women; casual and dress shoes and a clearance section. Went there recently to buy tennis shoes specific for tennis, and they ad a very limited selection. A little disappointing, but considered that they probably don't sell a lot, having little in inventory was expected. You also receive bonus bucks on your next visit for a little extra discount for the next time. Frequent visitor...plus Mac's is across the street to it make for a nice afternoon! ha
5	This place, specifically this location, is the best shoe place in town (besides my ever favorite Nordstroms).Being a size 10-11 shoe is tough for a girl, but this place has the largest selection of bigger sizes in the city. Even better is the size of their clearance racks! Always a great assortment of fashion, loafers, dress and work shoes - I'm never left without options! Since it's in a centrally located spot in relation to Uptown, their high end selection is great and I always have the best luck on the higher priced brands (Cole Haan, Kenneth Cole, etc) being on clearance too! The staff always greets you upon entering and the instant rewards you get for shopping there really add up. Do yourself a favor and just drop in once - I'd be shocked if you don't walk out with a new pair at a great price and make it your favorite shoe store too!
4	Huge warehouse-type store with loads of selection and price points for just about any budget.  The downside- designer labels are rare to find and sometimes non-existent.  If you like paying big bucks for brand names, this is not your place- go be waited on in a department store.  If you like shoes that get the job done and don't always cost a lot, then Off Broadway is worth a visit.Store is divided between men's and women's shoes, with women getting about a generous 2/3 of the retail floor.  Boots, heels, flats, you name it.  Just about every kind of shoe I could think of is there, but you likely won't always recognize the name on the label.  For the guys, dress shoes, casual wear, sneakers and a few flip flops make it into the mix.  Yes, there's a handful of Nike, Adidas, Reebok, etc there, but you'll not find a full and complete line.  Same for dress shoes- Kenneth Cole, Calvin Klein, etc.  Nothing super-high end.  Looks like this store either picks and chooses to cover the necessities or it only buys on special deals on a very limited selection.  You can absolutely get running shoes here, but it just may not be the exact model you were looking for.  Same with dress shoes.  But as a guy who does have to dress in a suit daily, I am impressed that I can still find higher end dress shoes- no rubber soles and full leather uppers.  But for both sexes, the deal you have got to check out is the clearance section in the very back.  A small selection of shoes grouped by size is put on the rack with colored stickers that correspond to how much additional you get to take off the price.  By far, this is the deal.  I've bought $150 dress shoes for less than $70.  I've bought casual shoes that originally were $75 for about $30.  The selection changes constantly as they sell out and lines are discontinued.  But I have had very good luck finding something close to what I was looking for every single time.  Now for those who are local, the second best deal is the Encore Rewards you get at the register.  You basically get a coupon for 10% of your total purchase to use towards a future purchase.  And, you can stack those coupons together.  Hence, if you shop for shoes enough, you could likely score a free pair or two after several trips.  The coupons never expire, you just have to keep the entire receipt together.  You can't beat a deal like that.  In all, this is just about the best shoe shop in Charlotte for folks who don't have to live by name brands.  It's close to uptown and the selection will cover just about any scenario.  Happy feet make for happy shopping.  I'm sold.
5	Stay calm ladies....deep breaths.....yes it is overwhelming when you walk in but just try to take your time.  There are so many shoe options that it is like therapy just to walk up and down each row....sigh...I am relaxed just thinking about it.  All of your favorite designers (mine:  BCBG) and the latest styles.  I also get a lot of my purses here, they have the latest in cool bags as well as clutches for any red-carpet occasion!   SAVE YOUR Encore Rewards!!!!  It is straight cash back on your next order.  Love my shoe warehouse!!
3	3.5 Stars.I guess I am one of the few who are not madly in love with this place... which is fine with me! When I walked in here I was hoping for a DSW type feel but cheaper since it's a shoe department store.  I was looking to spend no more than $40 for a decent/good pair of black stilettos for work. WRONG!  Even their clearance shoes are typically $50+ bones.  In the grand scheme of things their prices are affordable, just not for someone on my tight budget.  You can definitely find what you need there, just not for what you'd hope to spend on it.  I got a pair of Black Stilettos on clearance for $45, so I don't have too much to complain about... but I walked away feeling a bit financially violated.Positives:+good selection+large "clearance" section+cheap sunglassesNegatives:-the prices!  You can get cheaper (and better) shoes at Nordstrom Rack if you feel like making the drive down South Blvd.-the security guard who follows you around because you are DEFINITELY going to steal tons of shoes when you walk in with just a wallet.  Come on dude, where am I stashing a pair of 5" heels?!  Get away from me.-Is it just me or are their purses outlandishly expensive?  Go to TJMAXX for a much classier find and a lower price tag.Just my thoughts!  Good luck ;)
4	3.5 stars...rounding up to 4!Shoes shoes shoes. Clearly if you like shoes, Off Broadway is a worth the stop. While you probably won't find super high end designer brands, this location works just fine to scoop up a pair of Tahari pumps, Adidas running shoes or a myriad of Enzo Angiolini footwear. There's also a small selection of handbags with brands like Anne Klein and Big Buddha. The store is clean, nicely organized and full of friendly employees. Whether you're looking for men's or women's shoes, athletic or dress types, Off Broadway is worth the trip. Be sure to save your receipts as you'll receive 10% from each purchase as credit on your next purchase!
4	About as large as a small Wal-Mart, this is truly a warehouse of shoes. And surprisingly, not all women's shoes. There is a large section of shoes for men too!I stuck to my side of the shop and saw that the shoes were organized by style - boots, laceups, slip-ons and such were all neatly put together with one on display and a stack of others underneath with a variety of sizes. I have average size feet, so it's rare that there is any problem finding shoes in my size that fit.After I had narrowed down my selection to just two and was walking around to test comfort, I spotted their "clearance" racks in the back had a pair of the style I wanted in my size! So instead of buying a full-price (marked down?) pair at $62, I got a "last pair in store" with a 20% discount that was a name brand (Timberlake!) for $52. Boom!When you shop at Off Broadway, you also get an encore rewards coupon for 10% of your spending that you can use on your next visit. I can't imagine that I'll be back for shoes again and remember this coupon, but hey, you never know!
4	After being turned onto this place by my girlfriend I'll admit I'm a fan.  They won't have the latest styles but they have plenty of great late model shoes to browse through.  I probably wouldn't suggest this place for a real sport shoe, like running or whatever your sport is but the dress shoe selection and casual shoes here are great.Always clean and friendly service and not to mention a rewards program will keep you coming back for sure.
4	Yes, cut & paste review from their other location! I frequent both of them!Hello. My name is Walter and I'm a Shoeaholic.This store is obviously not a part of my 12 step program...pun intended.Let's just say I could spend many hours in this store and still not buy a single pair of shoes. I'm so obsessed that I will actually think about the many shoes I've tried on for a day or two and come back to buy them. Other times, you can't walk out the door with just one pair. There are so many/too many choices and you can find some great bargains. Great name brands from all over.  HUGE store. Killer clearance aisle! Can't find your size? They can check their other locations and have them sent to your store at no charge.Only complaint, at least 75% of the store is women's shoes and I don't believe they carry shoes for kids. You also get a pretty good discount on your return visits if you keep your receipt, so if there is a second or third pair you were interested in, wait 24 hours and use the discount!Parking at this location is almost too small on a busy day but the biggest pain is turning left onto South Blvd.  This location even employs a CMPD police officer as a store watchman.Your pal,Walter
1	You've got to be kidding?!? If you want hot shoes at discount prices, go to a Marshalls with a shoe superstore or ebay. These shoes are cheap, but expensive if you know what I mean. I guess if you're barefoot and need something to put on your feet or if you're looking for sparkly or spiked hooker pumps, Off Broadway will do, but really? 4 stars??? Maybe the guy shoe section is better. Won't be back to find out. BTW, staff are super nice.
3	This place has the Anne Hathaway effect going for it. What do I mean by that? Some days Hathaway looks absolutely gorgeous... other days... well, let's just say the lighting must be super bad...Off Broadway has the same kind of thing going for it. One trip, I find absolutely nothing. Next trip, I have to explain to myself why I don't need to buy five pairs of shoes.Boots, sneakers, heels, flats, flippy floppys.... great variety and selection. Sometimes you can find items on sale that are an absolute steal. Make sure to check the very back wall of the store. Sale racks full of deep discounted kicks.Off Broadway also has a rewards program. You get a certain amount of points on your purchases. It can add up to receive coupons to use at the store. This is a revamp of its old program where the rewards were instant... a dollar amount printed at the top of your receipt that could be used on your next purchase.Workers are always super nice and helpful. Location is convenient off South Blvd. Good luck trying to make a left turn out of this place. I don't even try it anymore because of the heavy traffic.
4	This store has been a favorite of mine since the days when it was located off  of Morehead Street.  Oodles of shoes that so overwhelm me that I have to take one look down each aisle before selecting tootsie wear to try.On my last visit, I found the club type music very loud and distracting.  Of course, they display many pairs of clubbing  shoes, so I guess it is appropriate.I have so many pairs of stilettos that I decided to shop for fitness shoes since I needed an upgrade.  They had several brands to choose from, and I selected Sketchers.  This shoe store also has racks of sale  shoes toward the back of the store.  I found a colorful pair of flip flops featuring rhinestone dragonflies which were too cute to ignore.I was disappointed to discover that I could no longer use my previous sakes receipt to save money on the shoes.  They have started a new program which doesn't 'teem to offer the instant gratification of the old system.Still, I will stop by to play, parade around in, and purchase the shoes.  It's what we gals do.
