5	I dropped a pair of dress shoes off for a little repair to the leather. I had a gash in the leather at the toe with a piece barely hanging on.  When I returned to pick up the shoes, they looked brand new. I couldn't tell where the gash was and they were buffed to an awesome shine. Amazing job. 100% reccomend this place !
5	My sister's leather bag was in need of some repair and someone suggested trying out a shoe repair store to fix it.  Who woulda thunk it?  Lee's was extremely fast (he offered next day service even on the weekend, but I wasn't in that much of a hurry), friendly, and affordable.  The repairman even reinforced areas of the bag that I didn't think to ask for, for no additional charge.  Very thoughtful :)
4	Trust the sign. This really is the cheapest place to get your shoes repaired in town. Mr. Lee does the repairs in house whereas others send it out, take a commission and pass on the extra expense to the customers.
4	For whatever reason all of my work heels decided to give out on me at the same time! So I was desperate to find a place for quick repair. I have passed this place several times and finally had a chance to go in. I was greeted right away and when I presented by bag of heels that needed repair Mr. Lee simply smiled and said that they would be ready in two days! He gave me a ticket (no pre-payment) and I was on my way!As promised, two days later when I returned all of my shoes were ready and looked amazing. I was very pleased with his work. Not to mention that the prices are very reasonable!Lee's definitely has a new customer in me!
5	I have gone to this guy three times over the last couple of years.  Hands down my favorite cobbler.   My first repair was a pair of shoes that I didn't think he was going to be able to fix, but sure enough he says, "two days, $10."    Uh..  Ok.   and now, each time I go back, I get the same two answers.   I assume my repairs are really simple but even still, turn around time and price far outweighs shopping for a new item or fighting with customer service for replacements.
