5	Chef Mayra's unstoppable energy is a testament that she practices what she preaches.Her commitment to saving the planet and doing no harm coupled with a passion for delicious vegan recipes is awe-inspiring.I say she is an alchemist because she can take the most ordinary and simple ingredients and then blend them together to make an extraordinary treat for the tastebuds.More importantly, she is generous in sharing her knowledge...through the vast variety of classes she teaches all around Las Vegas and Henderson.  Check out her web site at http://www.chefmayra.com to see what I mean!
5	Yelpers might recognize Chef Mayra from the Yelp Helps event, where she set up a table and served lots of yummy food in a crockpot. Chef Mayra is every kind of awesome. I went to one of her free classes at Whole Foods today. She was funny, charming and entertaining for two straight hours of vegan cooking. On the menu was salad, dressing and jambalaya. You might think learning about how to make salad would be a snoozefest, but Mayra knows how to make it fun and delicious. She doesn't measure ingredients, adds whatever she (or her audience) wants and throws in all sorts of tips during the session. She encourages everyone to try vegan food (or go vegan) by being passionate and excited, but not preaching. She and her team made every effort to ensure their guests were fed, able to ask questions and had a good time. She said she's opening a restaurant downtown in July--looking forward to that! Chef Mayra definitely cooks with lots of yummy ingredients and love.
5	So far I have tried her chocolate cake and the brownie, they are both amazing! It's so good to find delicious vegan treats, I can't wait to try her cupcakes!
5	I'm not a vegan nor a vegetarian, I hate food that is bland and lack flavor. Well you will be beyond pleasantly surprised about Chef Mayra and Pura Vida Bistro. She has food that I dare not attempt to misspell here but her amazing Chilli and food is a rare delicious treat I have used her for my events now for over three years and she has gone over and beyond each and every time! Thank you Chef Mayra!!
