5	So happy they opened a studio close to my house! This studio is beautiful and the staff/instructors are really friendly. I recommend arriving at least 15-20 minutes before a session time in order to get a good spot in the room as it fills up fast. Love my hot yoga!!!
4	I bought a 10 class (60day expiration) Groupon so I could finally give Bikram a chance. I am an avid Yoga enthusiast (Astanga, Ying/Yang, Flow, etc) but I only decided to pursue the sweat box that is Bikram when I got a leg injury that prevented me from doing basically any other cardio. If you are new or unknown to the Bikram world, let me just give you a tiny idea: its extremely standardized, 26 poses done twice each, in the exact same order every single time, done in a room with approx 105F, 55% humidity and where the instructor does not perform the poses with you but instead talks you through the motions and postures for the entire 90mins. You WILL sweat, ache and (if you don't eat enough) risk passing out, getting tunnel vision, faint.Oh, and then there is the mat hierarchy. Since the class isn't taught by demonstration, the 3 rows of mats get separated by most experienced (Front row) and n00bs (back row) so that the front rowers can show everyone else how its done. I say F to this hierarchy. As soon as I learned the poses, I went to the front. I don't need to get there 20mins before class start so I can get shoved to the back by someone who has done yoga for 10 years and still can't lock her knee. I encourage you to do whatever feels right and tell whoever sends you back to go jump of a bridge. :)So if Bikram is so damn standard, how do you set aside a good experience/studio from a bad one? Simple. The teacher, the environment, the staff and (most importantly) the hygiene and smells. Remember: you are in a sweat box with 30 people and not all of them sweat like roses and lemons when working out. My first time at BYC, I was struck but the nasty smell of sweat when I entered the locker rooms. Freaking disgusting. Luckily, I never smelled that shit every again, which is why I kept returning - trust me, I could not have finished my Groupon if I had to smell the scent of a decaying corpse every time i went to put on my sports bra.The teachers, like any other studio, range from amazing to crappy. My favorite teacher is Alison. She is in AMAZING shape, she is kind but she doesn't pick favorites, she doesn't yell into the microphone throughout her class AND she is great at correcting you, doing demos and ensuring you are getting the full benefit of the pose. She notices her returning students and points out when they are getting better, which is just the positive reinforcement you need when you are trying to get into a new yoga field.And then there's the not-so-great teachers. One of them (Who shall not be named), was overweight, in her late 50s, yelled into the microphone, wore a tiny-weenie-itsy-bitty-floral bikini (and let ALLL her jiggly parts hang out like poorly wrapped tamale). She would come over to you during Savasana and put her feet on top of yours. She wouldn't even ask, she would just do it. As she is doing that, HER SWEAT IS FALLING ON YOU. "Oh dear god", i thought, "if she comes near me, i'm going to puke". I put my feet up in the air so she couldn't step on me and pass to the next person. I don't ever want to have class with a lady like her again. Yeeeeh.So, why the 4 stars? Because after doing Bikram at other studios, I have come to compare and appreciate my experience at BYC. Most of the teachers really are fantastic. The yoga rooms RARELY smell sweaty (which is a big deterrent from those non-bikram doers btw), the admin staff at the front desk are a joy to be around, the classes aren't too full and the people are very friendly and courteous to each other. Their bathrooms are not crammed, their waiting area is nicely decorated and you get a great community feel that is not easily found elsewhere. Maybe its time for people to stop comparing themselves and bond over the fact that they are all struggling through the sweat-induced pain of holding their leg in the air for 60 seconds. Right? Right. Namaste.
5	I started Bikram Yoga 3 months ago now after purchasing a Groupon. And I am hooked. I was definitely nervous going the first time, knowing it was going to be an hour and a half workout in a hot box. But the instructors are wonderful and have a lot of dialog with you about what feelings and sensations to expect and really reinforce doing only what you can do, even if that means sitting out a few postures. Absolutely will be a part if my life from here on out. I have thyroid cancer and feel stronger and healthier than I have in a really long time. And am so thankful for the peace that gives me. I feel less dependent on the doctor to tell me how I am doing, really pushing myself in this class helps give me confidence in knowing I am just fine! I am so thankful for this practice. Thank you BYC and your wonderful staff!
5	The instructors are friendly. Although, this is my first time every trying bikram yoga. It's a different experience. The instructors do not show you the poses.. but help you while you are going through the poses.The studio is clean :)
5	I am brand new to yoga and was nervous about my first class so I called ahead to gather some information so I would be prepared.  I spoke with Heidi who was wonderful, told me exactly what I needed to know and put me at ease.  She was also the instructor of my class and did a fabulous job instructing and ensuring we were connecting with the overall experience.  I will definitely return!
4	Bikrim is the best Yoga!
4	I have really seen a huge difference going to Bikram Yoga - my body is being transformed.  :)   Seeing results going roughly 3 times a week for 6 weeks.  I starting going here because their was a groupon and I wanted to try something different, and loved the options of class times.  I was very out of shape.  I have been given many alternatives to the advanced poses, since I am unable to do them.  Without these alternatives, I would not have been able to practice and see progress.  I was concerned about the religious aspect of Yoga, but have been uncomfortable only twice.  With the new management taking over, I hope to keep the late classes (8:15pm), the teaching of alternatives, encouragement and safe non-religious aspects.  I would love to keep coming and making this my long term yoga home :)
5	Love the new owner.  It is hard to look at some of the reviews without knowing that this studio is under new management.  Wish it had a new YELP page.  So as an Elite take time to filter out the old and start NEW.  I can say with a bad back and neck I do LIKE IT HOT!  If you were an old customer give it another try.  If you are reading these reviews about the "owner"  the new "owner" started 2014 and she rocks!  They have a Groupon deal...I know...not a YELP deal....... but fellow YELPERS I hope soon.  Great way to get a Bikram Booty.
4	I recently signed up for BYC's 30 days for $30...it was amazing!!! The studio is very clean and organized, with very accommodating restrooms that included showers stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryers, deodorant, etc...you name it...they got it!! The instructors are all friendly and helpful. By far my favorite is Emily :) She is sweet and encouraging. She pushes you with positive reenforcement and a smiling happy face (instead of barking orders like some instructors tend to do) and she is always willing to give extra instruction after class. My only complaints would be that the schedule is very thin and they use carpet in the classroom. With only an average of 4 classes a day...none of which are in the midday...it can be tricky making it in with my schedule. As for the carpeting, it really is my biggest turn off. I'd much rather hard surface floors that can be mopped after ever class. In Bikram Yoga classes EVERYONE sweats!!! I don't relish in the thought of any part of my body (even my feet) touching someone else's puddle of sweat. Or smelling a mildew smell when lying in face down savasana. Carpet just doesn't seem as sanitary as it could be. Overall I enjoyed my experience at BYC. And I will most likely be back for practice in the future.
