5	I just started working out at Independence Gym because they offered my boyfriend a great deal if two of us signed up. This gym is a no-frills workout space that is designed exactly for that: working out. People who come to this gym come to work out - not to show off their new matching sports bra & pants set or to pick up a date for Friday night. That fact alone: I LOVE IT.The trainers at this gym are actually good trainers. They have educations & experience that are actually legitimate, unlike some of the other gyms I have been to.........Everyone is friendly & helpful. Plenty of cardio machines, lots of free weights (love) & all the machines you could want. This is a great gym, all around.Keep it up Independence....don't change a thing!
5	I have been training with PT By Joe for 1.5 years. Joe is one of the new owners at Independence Gym. He and his co-owners have really made a huge difference in a very short time. They have made sure all the equipment is in working condition, better lighting, cleaner establishment including the restrooms and showers, added a supplement store, updated the classes and posing room and they've added classes and hired some of the best trainers around. It's a great place to workout for all levels and ages. They have a vast array of cardio equipment, weight machines, free form equipment and free weights. They also have a very knowledgeable staff that is eager to help you meet your goals and answer any questions you might have.I would definitely recommend Independence Gym to everyone in the valley. Trust me...it's worth it!!!~Dawn
3	Tried out this gym on a free week pass. They have great equipment, practically everything you need in there. I also never had to wait to use anything.....but also I was there at 5:30 in the morning so I can't attest to the busier times. The staff seemed friendly, they never asked to "punch" our card or check the date to see if we were over our 7 visits. The monthly rates seem competative too. My negatives, and the reason I didn't join, was that the place was a little dark with the lighting for me. I know it sounds like a weird reason, but at 5:30 in the morning I need something to help WAKE ME UP! I didn't care for their aerobics room. The locker room, albeit clean, was a little small and felt cramped with only a few other women in there. I also was a little sketchy about the sales pitch as they offered the best deal if you paid for a year up front.....but I know that there have been a few gyms come through this location and I was concerned about the staying power of this one. More power to em' though if they make it.
4	This is my new gym for as long as I plan to live in Arizona. After my LA Fitness fiasco, I decided that a local gym was more up my alley. I wanted something small, less crowded, not douchy, and LOCALLY owned.I turned to Yelp, and found Independence Gym. Not gonna lie, I saw some of my Yelp friends check in here, so I thought, maybe they are on to something. It's not far from my house, and a couple doors away from Planned Parenthood (whatever that means).ANYWAY....I came in, and this was the gym of my dreams. It was prime time. Just after work hours. Enough of a crowd that it wasn't empty, but it wasn't overcrowded. An amazing selection of cardio equipment (stair climbers, treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, etc).The free-weights are perfect. Everything was racked. Both the employees and members were racking their own weights. The dumbbells are not clearly marked, so you may have to do light math in your head. Thank God I'm Indian and smart.There are TONS of benches here. When I worked out at LA Fitness, there were 3-4 benches total, so people would use the benches at the seated row machine to do various exercises. It was annoying. There are nearly a dozen here.There is even a lunge station, complete with hardwood floor and free-bar.Locker rooms were perfect and CLEAN! Now the disclaimer. If you are looking for a pussy gym, this isn't the place. Don't expect flat screen TV's (although there are enough TV's here), WiFi, etc. This is a place to get your swoll on. This is not a country club. No steam rooms, saunas, pools, hot tubs, basketball courts. This is a gym, not a resort. You come here to work out, not relax and live like a lord.Don't come here looking to socialize. It's not Lifetime, LA Fitness or 24 Hour. This place is legit. Also, it turns out to be cheaper than LA Fitness, no contract, and no pressure to sign up for personal training. At LA Fit, they would say "free personal training session" and then hammer you with a sales pitch for training. None of that here. My only gripe, but they claim it will be remedied....no spin classes. They say the classes will be added by the end of the year. Not a big deal, because I can go to spin elsewhere for the time being.This is just a gym where you can work out. Friendly people. Locally owned. And if you want a real trainer, not some idiot who passed an online test....you can hire one here.
4	I was tired of the "environment" at LA Fitness so I decided to give a smaller gym a try.  After one week I joined and completely canceled my LA membership.  Independence is never overly packed, and you hardly ever have to wait to use any of the weights or machines.The equipment is a little older but still effective.  I do miss the sauna and basketball court but all in all it's a small price to pay for a lower monthly premium & non Scottsdale environment.There is a good selection of classes offered.  The staff is always highly visible but never pressures you to buy any personal training sessions.The locker rooms and bathrooms are always clean and there is plenty of locker space to store your stuff.  There is a small store (nothing like the juice bar at LA) that sells protein bars, energy drinks, water, protein drinks, etc.  they even give a small discount when paying with cash.All in all highly recommended!
5	Update to Five Stars!It's with much sadness, that I cancel my membership because I am moving out of state, but I update my review to five stars because of some improvements the club has made since my joining:1. Drinking fountains now dispense ice cold water. If for some reason they don't, they have a fridge full of cold, bottled water for you.2. The AC blows cold air. Awesome sauce.3. The hours are now 24/7 during the week. Very convenient!Cancelling my membership was not a massive ordeal. I came in, met with Jay, and told him what was up. No guilt trip, no upsell, no douchy sales pitch like the one people get at LA Fitness or 24 Hour.I'm sure I will come in and work out at this gym on my visits to Scottsdale.This really has been the best gym that I've been to in Arizona. Thanks for everything Independence Gym. It's been real!
3	As a Lifetime fitness patron, I struggle giving Independence even 3 stars, but I realize they are not advertising lifetime amenities or lifetime prices, so I am reviewing them accordingly.   My boyfriend just joined Independence, so I figured I would give it a try with a one week free pass.  I'm not looking to replace lifetime, but to have a gym closer to home for weekend visits.    The gym itself is just okay, there is absolutely no organization to the equipment; it's just all over the place.   That being said, once I wondered around and found the equipment I was looking for, it was in good shape.   My typical workout consists of resistance type exercises wit h bands and balls, and then some cardio.  They did have all the equipment I needed to complete my workout, but no space to do it. The entire gym is covered with equipment, and NO open space.  Most of the cardio equipment is in decent shape, but I'll warn you the first treadmill by the trainer's station is completely out of sync... avoid it at all costs!   Ultimately, this is a clean, no frills type of gym.  I decided not to join primarily because nobody tried to sell me a membership, and I really didn't need one.   When I arrived on my first day, I was literally given a pass, asked no questions about my fitness goals and given no tour or explanation of the facility.  Once my membership lapsed, no one called to see if I liked the gym or wanted to join. In fact, I emailed about a one day special posted on their website, but was told that they couldn't honor it because it was expired (by one day, yet it was still on the website).  I would have joined for the right price, but nobody seemed too concerned either way!
4	I read all the posts before I wrote this review, and there is some truth in the less than stellar reviews such as;* Some weights are not labeled* Machines are intermingled with leg machines* A bit cramped Now some of the untrue items are;* Unfriendly staff, * Dirty or smelly locker rooms* No air conditioning * Gym for "insiders"None of that is true.  I've been at this gym over a year, and found it to be one of the cleanest gyms I've ever belonged to.  The a/c unit did break down over the summer and it was repaired shortly after.  As far as an "insiders gym" well....many whom belong to this gym are competitors, and are extremely focused on their workouts and diets and this may come off to others as being rude or "unfriendly", or "snobbish" .  Don't get me wrong, some are rude and unfriendly, but it's unfair to classify the whole place as such.  For a non-corporate independent gym, this please is as good as it gets.
5	This gym is great! If ever a rating deserved 4.75 stars this is it. The gym would be perfect if it were not for the fact that there are seriously 10 personal trainers in this gym at all times and they often act and behave as if they have carte blanche. That aside everything else is perfect. The gym is seldom crowded the staff is friendly and the price is amazing at $20 per month. Way better than Club LA fitness but with half of the amenities. If your looking for a real gym this it.
5	Love this gym. The staff is cordial and the equipment is in great shape. They have also recently started expanding the gym to include a crossfit gym in the other half of it. I can't wait till it's all finished.
4	This place has definitely improved over the years. Specifically, there aren't any more tools managing the place. People - including all staff - are pretty cool and trainers are nice too. Oh yes, and they regularly play good music like Sirius Octane. No more Justin Beiber, Miley Cyrus or Rhinanna.  Free weights go up to 160. Track and extra cross fit equipment are a bonus. Not a lot of fat people or old crotchety types that monopolize machines while they read the newspaper. Rates are good and parking is ample. They are laid back about bringing in guests too. Owner seems like a very reasonable person. My only complaint at this point is the gym closes at 5pm on Sunday, it they kept it open until 7pm I'd upgrade to 5 stars.
4	I decided to give Independence another try because my boyfriend said that it had got much better since they've expanded the space. He was right. It's still nothing fancy, but it's better lit and doesn't make me claustrophobic.   I've been scoping out the trainers over my last few visits and they seem pretty intense. They've got people doing football drills across the gym and throwing boxing bags around! I'm not sure I can handle any of that yet, but it looks like a good workout for sure!
5	Absolutely the best gym dollar for dollar in the valley! They have recently expanded which gives the gym a really roomy feeling. Great machines that are maintained and clean, plenty of bumper plates for crossfit or Olympic lifting and a wide open turf area for sprinting, tire flipping and sled pushing.The people who workout here are serious about fitness and very friendly. It's a cool crowd, unlike some big chain gyms in the area. Lots of trainers use this gym and are independent contractors so you can choose from a variety of expert trainers. The staff are accommodating and friendly. Mark, the manager really cares about the satisfaction of his members and Josh up front is super cool!Inexpensive, clean, no B.S.and plenty of fit people and pretty women to keep you motivated!
4	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this gym.  It's small, low key, but it has some serious people that work out there.  .. which is good.  I'm all about my workout, and don't want to chat.I like this place, it's perfect.  But around 5pm its hard to get cardio.fans make it cold and all the treadmills run on diff speeds.  kind of need newequip but for $20//mo it's money
5	I've been a member now for 2 years and plan on re-uping in January.  I should have written a review before, but I thought Yelp was for restaurants only.This gym can accomodate anyone from a serious body builder to a newbie (which is me).  Lots of free weights and machines.  There is a sprint track for pushing sleds, lifting tractor tires and lunges.  They have different classes from boot camps to Body Combats.  They have full locker rooms with showers.  Or if you like there is a key rack and cubbies.Best of all, their motto, "YOUR CALORIE BURNING, WEIGHT LIFTING, RESULTS GETTING, GYM!" is absolutely true.  There is no BS!  You go in, workout and leave.  There is really nothing else to do there except workout.But if you want help or have questions there are always people (trainers and staff) that want to assist you.The best part is that it is a gym and not a "pick up spot".
5	5 stars
5	I like not waiting for weights or equipment, I like being able to look at myself in the mirror, and I like being able to call for a spot while I'm in the middle of a PR to make sure I don't have to bail a lift.Perks of this gym:     * Space: Traffic to the gym is relatively light, even at rush hour. And even when it's crowded, it's never bad enough where you're bumping up into other bros. Oh, and if you have a problem with bros at the gym--or any hilarious gym stereotype--get over it. Unless you're doing curls in the squat rack you're fine #goingturbro     * Diversity of Equipment: I've leaving this at five stars in spite of this gym lacking a true running track. I can't stand treadmills because you can't control your speed with only your legs, and that just isn't natural. Seriously, this kind of thing could save your life. If Independence were a man I'd slap him in the face for all the treadmills he owned, but as friends, because the running track in the back of the gym is enough for me. Running is the bane of my existence, and any more than a mile is likely preceded by a puff on the old inhaler, since most of my long distance running is outside and I happen to be allergic to palo verde. Having a short distance track for sprinting, skipping, spinning, and rolling is a must.     * Lifting, bro: There are two deadlift areas with powercages, and two additional squat racks. There are four barbell bench press stations, and one each of incline and decline. Then, there are a number of incline, decline and flat benches across the main free weight area, which is lined with a good number of dumbbells, up to 200+ pounds.     * Other stuff: Independence has everything from heavy bags and foam rollers to yoga mats and plyo boxes, hell they even have bosu balls, if you're into that kind of thing. I'm not aware of the class schedule (yoga, posing, some group fitness classes), but that's what their website is for. I think it's actually out-of-date; you get what you get. The men's bathrooms are decently equipped and maintained, and although the number of lockers is far fewer than what you'd expect at a bigger gym, there are always empty ones.I'll keep going to Independence for as long as I live in the area. Despite my glowing review, I urge everyone to consider other gyms. I don't need a bunch of Yelpers crowding up my grunting space. Dost thou even hoist?
5	Worked out here twice while in Phoenix last week.I have NEVER been to a gym with more focused and hardworking members and it was the first time I have EVER been in a gym where more people were training their LOWER body than their upper body!!!As an college athlete, I found this gym to be set up perfectly for getting the most bang for my buck out of my workout, and even though there were lots of people training, I never felt crowded or slowed down. I got more done in 45 minutes than I usually get done in an 1 1/2 hours.Also, if you are someone who uses trainers, I would recommend checking this place out. The trainers actually knew what they were doing and their clients were clearly getting outstanding workouts. For once I could work out without wincing at the harmful and/or useless exercises that I'm used to seeing trainers prescribe their clients!
5	I received a free two day pass to Independence and after the first day I quit LA Fitness and signed up here. This is a serious gym for people trying to improve themselves. Good place to put your headphones in and just lift!
4	I've been going here for about 2 months now and I can't complain. I'd feel weird giving a gym 5 stars unless they offered something ridiculous like free massages, personal training, and fat shaming... well maybe not the last one. But Independence Gym is still a great gym. Loads of people that are serious about their health, plenty of room and equipment and friendly staff. Likewise after having eavesdropped on a few of their personal training sessions I can conclude that these guys really know their stuff. I don't see anybody doing silly exercises that look like some exotic bird's mating ritual, it's all useful and effective exercises with great coaching.All in all a great place.
5	Out Standing Gym - has some great trainers there too.  Randy Mae knows hot to get results - recommend him to all whom needs a trainer.A very clean and very friendly staff as well members whom will motivate your physical desires to the fullest - all ages, races a welcome sight ..
5	Whatever you're looking for in a gym, you can find here. Oly lifting to Prowler sleds to cardio machines, they're fully equipped for whatever you need. And they have belts, chalk, dip belts, rubberbands, and plenty more to service their customers. The employees are friendly and helpful as well, which makes for a great gym experience. They just purchased several new sets of bumper plates, which shows that Independence is always looking to update to please its customers. It's the best gym in the Valley.
4	This gym is exactly that... a gym... and I love it! This isn't a place to show off your fancy new workout routine or coolest gym gadgets. The members are seriously into fitness, and everyone is extremely respectful. The only problem is it gets a bit crowded with the after work crew (as 99% of gyms do) They are, however, open close to 20hrs a day!
5	I love this place.  I was posted to the Phoenix area for a short-term work assignment and needed a place to work out for a few weeks.  I told them how long I was going to be in town, and they quoted me a very reasonable (low, even) flat rate.  Minimal paperwork, too.  No b.s. with initiation fees, recurring charges, two-month minimum, or anything else.  Friendly staff; personal trainers are available but don't hassle you if you want to be left alone and do your own thing.Plenty of space and equipment, so you can get through and get your workout in, even when it's crowded.  Some of the stuff is older, but everything is very well maintained and receives plenty of TLC.  Best deal in the area - no one else comes close.  (And I looked!!!)
4	My trainer works here and I work out here once in a while with him. It's really a great facility. Can get a little short on space during the normal peak hours but it is a very versatile gym that has everything any type of workout program would call for.
3	This gym has improved tremendously over the last eight years I've been a member. The most recent two owners have put a lot of sweat equity and investment into the facilities and satisfying their customers. Be forewarned this is not a chi-chi gym--weights take up about half the floor. But the people are nice and personable, the trainers really take ownership, and most important, it's not so popular that you can't jump on the equipment you need. They could use an equipment update. I'll keep my fingers crossed for that.
5	This place is great. Some of the equipment may be a little old and maybe the locker rooms are not the quality of a lifetime or LA Fitness, but it's about the best gym I have ever used. Motivation and dedication pour out of this place. This is a gym you go to when you actually want to see results whether you are working with a trainer or just getting after it yourself. They have a nice dumbbell selection and they have literally every machine you could ever need, or at least the ones that matter. I have been to corporate gyms for 10 years now and I can honestly say that this gym is on the top of my list.
5	So I just moved down the street from this gym, All I have to say is this is one of the best gyms i have ever been in. I'm not just talking about the equipment which let me tell you they have everything you could ever want to build muscle and endurance. Dumbbells up to 170, Power Racks with bumper plates turf run way with sleds and tires, this place is like a play ground for athletes. Aside from that my favorite part of this gym is the environment, everyone in this place is there to work hard and get results you don't see people on their phones or doing exercises that don't make any sense. The trainers know what they are talking about from what I can over hear, I've never actually had a session with one of them. Peak hours never seem too busy to me you can always get your workout in without really waiting too long or having people jack your weights or machine lol. Price is more than fair. I know it sounds too good to be true but this place is a diamond in the rough I would recommend this place to anyone who is highly driven to continue their fitness journey or start one. But don't take my word for it come check it out See you guys there!
5	Absolutely love this gym. I can't stand a lot of the chains like LA or 24 because they're always so overcrowded and overpriced. Independence is a great place for people that want to lift and has an excellent range of dumbbells and hammer strength machines. I hadn't ever done any personal training but after watching the trainers here and overhearing the tricks and advise they were giving their clients I decided to give it a try. My trainer, Dom, has really shown me how to take things to the next level and I think a lot of the trainers at this gym would. That's the culture here, people are very friendly out everything they have into it while they're there.
2	I am not going to lie this gym has a variety of equipment for everyone from you average joe to you bodybuilding competitor , but the front office staff is HORRIBLE! ! They just seem like they don't want to be there!  And they are very unhelpful! I love the gym it self just not the staff.
5	This place is awesome! I have been a member here for 3 years now and couldn't be happier.  I used to belong to one of the major chain gyms and it was fine for what I needed but it always felt cold and sterile.  At Independence the staff and trainers are also very nice and you always see smiling faces.  The people that work out here are also more friendly and focused on their workouts.  I hate going to the gym and seeing it full of women dressed up and people having full on conversations on equipment that I am waiting to use.  This is not the case at Independence, these people are serious about fitness.  The membership fee is very reasonable, the only drawback is that unlike a major chain gym you cannot bounce around to different clubs if you travel a lot which I do not.  My only hesitation posting 5 stars is that more people will join and then the gym will be too packed, haha.
5	I have been going here for almost a month.  It is clean and the staff is very nice and helpful.
