3	I love when chain restaurants can still produce homemade tasting items and provide excellent service. Their seasonal breakfast items, iced coffees (with to go cups!), and friendly staff will have me coming back.
1	We went here on 10/9/2012 and let me say please go to a different location. I had to send back two, yes two breakfast plates. The first breakfast meal was cold and loaded with grated cheese. I asked for extra chives and bacon but when I asked what happened, I was told that the restaurant was out of chives. I couldn't locate the extra bacon to save my life and never requested for extra cheese. The second breakfast requested was for the sirloin tips and eggs. We received a burnt up mess but at least the manager on duty was able to identify what is was on the plate. Now, lets get to the Spanish speaking in the back involving two employees complaining about another table bitching about their breakfast too. News flash...I speak,read and write in Spanish. Thank you very much. You never know who can and its just very unprofessional! So, I say that the cook(s) and servers should take a look at the pictures of how meals should look before sending it out. If it looks like crap...your customers will assume it taste like crap too! I'm so glad I took pictures of the meals and sent them along w my experience to the IHOP manager. Some additional training is needed.
4	Their sirloin tips are to die for - the best value tasty 'fast food dine in' meal to be had across this great country.For the most part, the staff are excellent and the restrooms clean.   We've been travelling the USA for 2 months, repeating our holiday of last year. Been coming to the US since '78 and had never been to IHOP until the last trip. I regret not trying the place decades ago, now I know what I have been 'passing up' - they leave the other fast food joints for dead.
2	Came here with some family who live locally for  some after-church breakfast recently. IHOP's are pretty much the same all over, so I won't go into detail on what was ordered, but what  is worth mentioning is the service.  It sucked.Our drinks took forever, it took way too long to place our order and it took even longer to get the food to the table. Apparently the waitress that we had that day was notorious for being sub-par. During a previous visit she had forgotten about the table all together. At the end  of the day if you actually LIKE what  IHOP has to offer (mediocre food, atmosphere and service) than look no further. But should you happen to actually care about the the quality of  your experience, try the Omelet House.
5	I'm really surprised about the star rating as one person said it was very good food but only gave them 3 stars cuz it was IHOP. How is that fair??? My daughter and I were seated immediately. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all so we got service very quick although it took us a little while to figure what we wanted. This was the very best IHOP I've ever been to. The food looked just like the picture which was surprising since no restaurant's food looks like their pictures anywhere. I was so happy to see the pancakes so perfect. There were only a few people working. One waiter, 1 Manager (I think that's what he was), and a cook. The restaurant was very clean, the server was polite and attentive and again, the food was perfect. Hopefully, my visit was the norm because I do plan on returning for some more of those lightly browned pancakes!I really don't know what these other star raters are talking about. Maybe the stars were aligned and the pancake gods reigned down maple flavored fairy dust on me that day because the food was terrific and the staff did their jobs. If you want some good IHOP food, Go here and get it!
2	Why oh why can't I get any consistency at restaurants! One day it's excellent the next not so much!!! Why!!!So I go back to this IHOP because today is 60 cent stack of pancake day (http://ihopllc.fbmta.com/members/ViewMailing.aspx?MailingID=30064797049)I walk in and am immediately seated by a young lady who seemed like she was just there to do her job and would be so happy if it were the end of her shift. This was all subtle. We are seated, and in less than what felt like maybe 2 minutes, little Ms. Jazmin came to get our drink order. As usual, I got water and my daughter decided to try their new Watermelon fizzy drink which she liked, btw. When she brings our drinks back we order 2 stacks each of the promotional pancakes. Meanwhile, a Hispanic couple comes in and is seated at the opposite end of the room from us. About 20 minutes later a couple of middle-aged women come in and our seated in the booth next to us. My daughter comments that the Hispanic couple just received their order. Giving the situation the benefit of the doubt, I explain that maybe they put in their order before us. Then a few minutes later, the two middle-aged women received their food. I jumped out of that seat and with aggravation and disdain, asked them where in the hell are me and my daughter's pancakes. I told them that we have been waiting 30 minutes for pancakes while these other people have their food and our already eating. The waitress grabs a plate of pancakes and says to me their coming right out so I go sit down but get right back up and ask for the Manager. I could see that the pancakes she grabbed were not actually ours since she was not on her way to our table. In the end a young Hispanic guy around 20 yrs old came to our table and asked what happened and I explained and he said that we didn't have to pay for anything and asked did we want anything else from the menu. I won't lie...The pancakes were still very good. My daughter and I even took an order each of pancakes home. I never did get that business card Jazmin promised. 2 stars for the free food, the apology and the pancakes to go.Side note: Everyone waiting tables and the hostess were all very young women. There were no authoritative figures anywhere in the restaurant. Management was not there.WHEN THE CAT'S AWAY, THE MOUSE WILL PLAY!!! THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY!
2	IHOP isn't bad, it's just not that good either.  I used to think IHOP was much better several years ago.  They still have good pancakes and French toast, but unfortunately I don't think they do well with most other dishes especially outside of breakfast.  The sausage seems like it was not cooked, but more like boiled or something.  Hashbrowns were also pretty good I guess, but generally I can get just as good or better at several other resturants.  Just seems like the overall quality of the food and service just isn't what it used to be.  I would actually rather go to even Denny's these days, whereas a few years ago I would have chosen IHOP first.  They seemed to remove several items off the menu that I loved.  This time around I didn't see any types of skillets on the menu which is dissapointing for me because that is one of my favorite breakfast options.  The quality of the food is down, and the price of the food is a bit high considering the lower quality.  Also just want to add a comment about the service.  We were seated in a corner and none of the servers noticed us for nearly 10 minutes.  Not exactly the best service, they should be able to do much better.
5	Five stars because the food just tastes amazing. Must have a secret recipe for the funny face pancake.
1	The food was OK and it didn't take too long to receive our food order, there wasn't a lot of people in the restaurant area and that was the highlights of our experience. Everything else from rude, not so friendly hostess, to a ok waitress that took our order, brought our food to us, and Never checked back with us to see how we were doing. All of our drinks needed refills and like I said earlier in this review there wasn't a lot of people in the restaurant area. The waitress seemed to like hanging out in the back talking with her coworkers more then serving her customers. Despite this horrible experience at the particular iHOP location, we still ended up giving her a tip for some reason and her attitude when giving tip was with a lot less gratitude then expected. I do not see going back to this IHOP location nor would I recommend anyone going there unless you lower your expectations down next to nothing.
