5	On weekend mornings they have a great breakfast menu which is definitely worth checking out. The place looks like a dungeon so between that and the beer they brew themselves it's definitely my favourite pub experience in Waterloo.
3	Being new to the area, I've been on a quest to find a comfortable pub with a good beer selection and good food. After a number of disappointing excursions to some of the bars and pubs on King Street and the surrounding area, I decided to venture below Cafe1842 in the Huether Hotel. Lion Brewery is a cozy place with a large stone fireplace, brick walls, a low wood ceiling. (My first time there was in winter so the warmth of the place stands out in my mind.)Minimal televisions. Low but lively chatter. And solid beer choices. You can't go wrong with a group of friends, an English Ale, and any one of the Lion's pizzas.
1	Had the worst meal of my life at Lion Brewery. 1. I ordered French Onion soup as a starter. It tasted like an entire bottle of pepper had been accidentally poured into it beforehand, making it undrinkable/inedible.2. Ordered wings as the main course. They were, quite literally, battered in salt. 3. Combined with the over-peppered soup and over-salted wings, my mouth was uncomfortable and on fire.4. My friend ordered a Chicken Pot Pie. He found chicken bone fragments in it.All in all, not a good experience.
1	It would be hard to wax lyrically about the food at the Huether because it takes far too long for the food to come. If we weren't celebrating a birthday we would have left. Seriously doubting a return visit. Perhaps they need a bigger kitchen or serve fewer people. In any case it's been an hour, it's Friday night and our appetizer hasn't made it to the table.
3	Came here with a huge group of coworkers (20+). Pleasantly surprised.We sat in the cavern - and we literally had the whole area to ourselves.Waitresses were pretty prompt with beer, drinks. Delivering food was a bit inconsistent, but the kitchen probably got slammed with our orders so I don't blame them. I just felt bad because one person had to wait a long time for some pulled pork.Portions are huge and in the end the bill was pretty reasonable. It's a pretty cozy place with a decent menu that serves a variety of tastes. The burgers are good and there were folks who enjoyed fish 'n chips, pulled pork, and wiener schnitzel. Would I come back otherwise? Probably not. But good for groups.
