5	For the last six months I have been intrigued by this little building with a sign reading "Coming soon Caldero."  Needless to say I wanted to see if this was just another simple Mexican Restaurant or something more.  After tonight I definitely believe it to be the ladder.  My wife and I had the Mole with Chicken and the Pork stuffed Poblano and I couldn't be happier.  I am excited knowing that this is within walking distance, but I encourage all of you to drive over and check it out.  Their happy hour specials are reasonable and you won't be dissappointed.
5	Awesome chips and salsa to start. Had the Chicken Chimi and it was great. Service staff was excellent too. Decor was modern and clean.  Highly recommend.
5	We had a great experience this week at the bar with Ricardo.  He made some great menu suggestions (chile verde pork plate and tamales) and spun up some delicious drinks.  The salsas and dip (trio which comes with the chips) were amazing, and the atmosphere was friendly and nice.  We'll be back!
1	This restaurant should be rated $$$$.   $7 for one taco at lunch time with no side(s)?  I think not; I walked out after seeing the prices.  I wasn't prepared to pay $30 for a mexican lunch for one.
5	They have done a great job with this place. It has been fixed up and you would never know this was formerly occupied by the smelly Banana Leaf. I had two tacos with a side of guac. It was delicious. You MUST have the guacamole. So nice to have something this good in  my neck of the woods.
5	Loved it ..wife and i looking for place to eat as we were going up and down Scottsdale rd lucky she noticed the sign and we turned on thomas and pulled in..was impressed at decor new and nice..Hostess was very helpful in giving suggestions, server was also great. the owner gave us sample of their Caldera Margarita. whoohoo spicy.. we had regular Margs instead..the food was outstanding..chips and salsa to start , bean dip, and a green chile queso. wow..then we shared some apps that were on special for sunday evening..Had and awesome dinner with drinks for less than $50. cant say enough good things..they are new just opened couple months again..we really wish them luck wish was closer to home , but we will be back.. Nice bar and TVs.
1	I had the WORST experience at Caldero! We were the ONLY customers in the entire restaurant, but it took forever to get any service. We waited 10 minutes to get our chips, another 10 minutes just for water, another 20 minutes to place our order, and almost an entire hour to get our entrees. We were a large group of 17, but the wait was ridiculous. Good thing I had cash on hand - they probably would have  taken another 20 minutes to run my debit card. Never again will I return to this restaurant!!!
5	**First of all, this restaurant is not traditional Mexican cuisine.  They offer a combination of Mayan and Aztec flavors and dishes, which I have to say, makes for some delicious offerings.**I am a native Texan (meaning I hold Mexican food near and dear to my heart), and since moving to the Scottsdale area 5 months ago, I have been searching far and wide for a "Mexican" restaurant that I can claim as my go to spot.  Now granted, Caldero may not be "Mexican" cuisine by traditional standards, but no matter, because my boyfriend and I have claimed this restaurant as "our place", meaning we are planning on becoming regulars at Caldero.  We have been there twice within the last week, sitting at the bar both times because the owners, Ricardo and Julia, are both inviting and fun to talk to.  Both times we have indulged in the Calderita cocktail, a margarita made from tropical fruit juices with just a hint of habanero.  It's sweet and spicy and oh, so good!  We have also been unable to resist their Toritos, wax peppers that have been stuffed with shrimp and cheese, wrapped in bacon, fried and served in a pool of a spicy chipotle sauce and a heavenly beurre blanc.  These are seriously one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life!  No exaggeration.  My boyfriend and I have both woke up thinking about them almost on a daily basis since first trying them.  They will definitely be a staple every time we return to this new, surprisingly superb restaurant.   I want to urge everyone to give it a try because it is definitely worth it!
3	this neighborhood  restaurant has undergone it's 3rd reincarnation, this time as a mexican restaurant. the inside is pleasant and comfortable, but unremarkable. the service was outstanding, although the food was ordinary. My margarita was just a little too unfrozen, and the chimichanga was smaller than one might expect. all that aside, the food was very tasty, and the salsas served with the chips were very good. it wasn't busy when we went, so the fact that we were the only people in the place was somewhat disconcerting. in any event, I would definitely go back!
4	Not the cheapest mexican place around, but the flavors are there.  Comfortable atmosphere and excellent service.   The lunch specials for less than $10, and happy hour til 7 will have me coming back.  The black beans were good, and the spanish rice was fluffy and flavorful.  Chips were thin, crispy and not greasy.
4	I have come here multiple times on trips to the area. Service has always been great and the food is top notch. On the last trip I ordered the Chicken Fajitas and they were great. I would say it is a must try.
4	Based on just my lunch salad and a margarita Caldero is unique and above the average in Mexican Cuisine with a interesting and not average dinner menu. Many people who are not fans of Mexican might be fans here.They have several non ordinary salads and I picked the Bass salad but they ran out so I went with the almond crusted chicken salad. It was just the right amount of chicken that wasn't heavy or oily, it was prepared nice. The salad also had jicama red peppers and pecans. The vegetables were cut nice and tasted well together. I picked the mango dressing and it wasn't sweet but savory and interesting, they also have a tamarind dressing.I don't recall the name of the margarita I had but it was a tropical fruit one with a hint of habanaro pepper. The margarita wasn't really sweet but was flavorful sort of a peach kind of fruit flavor with sour and the mild hot pepper hit your throat at the end of your sip in a nice way. The margarita was large ($6) and does give a buzz.I noticed marinated whole fish on the menu  and nut crusted stuffed chillies and slow cooked beefs on the menu.Service was friendly and efficient.
2	Met some friends for dinner Sat night. It was totally empty in here for a Saturday evening but the friends we dined with have eaten here before and had good things to say. I ordered a glass of wine and my husband tried a spicy jalapeno margarita mixed drink. Not bad. The chips and salsa they bring to the table include three salsas (one is a more a traditional salsa, one is a bean dip, and the other more of a creamy verde sauce).Our server told us the fish tacos appetizer was excellent so we ordered those. I ordered the shrimp diablo and my husband ordered the seafood stew in a creamy sauce. The fish tacos were just ok. They weren't "excellent", I've had far better fish tacos, although I did like the mango-jalapeno salsa that came on the side. My entree was VERY spicy, fitting with the name and came with black beans and I decided to try the lemon-cilantro rice which was pretty good. I don't think it was worth $24 though. Highly overpriced for such a simple meal of a few shrimp with rice and beans. My husbands meal tasted good, but he said it was more reminiscent of Italian flavors, and nothing really Mexican about it other than his sides of black beans and Spanish rice. One of our friends ordered a pasta dish with a cream sauce he loved previously, and was disappointed when it came out with spaghetti style pasta vs the linguine he'd had before. Although our server was friendly, she was scarce. We waited and waited, even for our drinks. After she took our drink order she apologized for the wait as she said the bartender was MIA all of a sudden. Even our friends who had better experiences here said this evening was lackluster at best. I just think it was also overpriced for what it was. As a side note, I was expecting a huge tequila menu and was excited to try a few, but their drink menu just included wines and specialty mixed drinks. I'm sure they have tequila at the bar, but I guess I was expecting it to be featured more.
2	a buddy of mine couldn't say enough great things about this place, so we met him and his girlfriend here last night for our first try. it was very quiet and quite empty, but that didn't turn us off. i started with the calderita margarita, a very large and tasty drink with a peppery kick. we had the fish taco appetizer and i thought it was very good. the mango salsa added a nice spicy/sweet flavor. my entree was a seafood "soup" in a white sauce. honestly though, as i was eating it, it didn't have any mexican flavor...it was more of an italian style dish. plus, several of my clams weren't steamed open, which means somethings wrong. the very least, they should've removed them from the dish. i've read if you eat unopened clams, you can get extremely ill. my wife had the shrimp diablo. yes, they were very hot, but at 24 bucks, i thought she'd get more than 4-5 shrimp. the chips and salsa were fine. we had to keep asking for more chips and never got the salsa's refilled...big disappointment. they did not pass the water glass test. our server was sweet, but hard to find. what disappointed me the most was what our dining companions had to say. his g-friend had the calderita as well and had to send it back. minutes later, my buddy had to have his calderita sent back. he was disappointed in his normally outstanding pasta dish. they both apologized for suggesting Caldero and said our experience this night wasn't indicative of their previous dining experiences there. and they advertise as a tequila bar, but we never saw a menu for tequilas...maybe if you sit at the bar. overall, i thought our dishes were overpriced and lacked Mexican inspired flavors. our friends will be back as they had previously good experiences, but we have other places we want to try so i doubt we'll be back.
4	Shredded beef burrito was good though not enough heat. Service was good. Definitely should visit.
1	I went in looking for a good margarita and some food. I asked if they made they margarita  mix fresh with real limes or used a sweet and sour mix. They use a mix and add to it. So I did not order a margarita., I looked at the menu and decided it was too expensive for me to eat  there. $10.00 for a cheese  enchilada and sides, first I really didn't t want the sides , there was no ala carte menu. So I opted not to eat there. The place was nice and clean. The customers are rude.
4	They changed the menu and no longer have salads or the unique items I mentioned from 1-24-12 so we left. I don't think it is necessary to drop a star since my last meal was good.
4	I live across the street from here and for 6+ months have been telling myself I would stop in ... I finally did and I was pleased!!  The bf and I popped in for a late lunch/early dinner and the place was empty (4pm on a Saturday) which we found a little odd, but sat down at the bar anyway.  Bf had the Calderita (a margarita with jalapeno infused tequila) it was too spicy for me, but he liked that it wasn't overly sweetened like other margs. I had the strawberry mojito which was nice and not overly sweet either. the bartender brought us out some chips, salsa and some green chile dip while we waited for food. Chips didn't appear to be homemade, but I didn't care because that warm green dip was so good! I coulda put it on cardboard and been happy.  ;)I wasn't super hungry so I just ordered the "small nachos" with chicken. This is $5 at full price and I wasn't expecting the mass pile of food that was placed in front of me. Everything you want in a nacho was there... Lots of cheese, black beans, lots of succulent shredded chicken, pico, guac and sour cream. Love-love-loved it! I over ate and left way too full.The bf had the chicken mole and he claimed it to be his new official favorite mole. Their mole is a family recipe and he made sure to give compliments to the chef!  He got 2 sides with his entree and one of his choices was a lemon-cilantro rice... I of course had to try this.... Matter of fact, I tried about 4 bites cuz it was so good!The bartender said they do a happy hour all day on Sunday, so I'm thinking the next time I get a wild hair and bar-hop on Sunday, I have to work them into rotation!
4	The food was legit.  I think this place is a sleeping giant, but they are not quite ready for a busy show.  Being very picky, the CRUZ margaritas were a bit pricey shrink the glass option.  I like less mix and more tequilla.  Other than that, it is good food.  The green salsa was interesting as I could not distinguish what type of cheese was added.  Hoping queso fresco, but probably velvetta.
5	Someone recommended this place and they were right. This is real Mexican food right in the middle of Scottsdale. We ordered the tilapia chicharron and the Tampiquena...they were both really good, the meat was tasty and juicy. The salsas and chips that they serve you in the beginning are to die for! ..great service and great environment. I went to get lunch but they told me that at night they have a DJ, we are coming back for sure!
3	There's this smell as soon as you walk in that is kind of unpleasant.  Bathroom-esque.  Its weird because I actually went to the bathroom and it doesn't really smell.  Its actually pretty nice in there.  They have to do something about that smell....I'm not sure what all the excitement was over the chips and salsa.  The chips were not as greasy as some places and actually a little thicker.  The red salsa was pretty good, but wouldn't say the best in this area.  (Los Olivos takes that prize).  There's this other creamy weird looking sauce they put out as well with the chips.  Not very good at all.  They should just replace that with the verde sauce in the sauce bottle that they bring with the tacos.I do agree that the plating's very well done here.  We got the hot wings which were solid.  Not the best but definitely not the worst.  Cooked well, not too small, good sauce and good amount of sauce.  The wings probably could have used a little seasoning to them to the next level.  The carnitas street tacos were also pretty solid.  Not sure if the grilled onions work here..  I think I would've preferred just the pico de gallo type topping on these.  They were really good though, esp with the salsa verde and the salsa rojo (we asked for more to eat the tacos with)All in all, I think I'll go back and try an entree.  Might see another star......  but I'll probably wait for one of those mailing coupon deals.  The prices aren't crazy, but given the hh food I'd rather not gamble big on this one.  The hh prices aren't great either - about $5 for pretty much every choice, alcohol's a bit better at about $3.
5	My family's favorite!  Can't say enough about the service, everyone including the owners are so gracious, friendly and fast.  Every time we visit, we feel like family.  The food is AMAZING!  I'm very picky when it comes to mexican food and Caldero is Tops!  The portions are more than what you would expect and are beautifully presented.  My partner and I especially love the happy hour specials, the barbacoa street tacos are to die for.  If you love true authentic mexican food at a great price you must visit Caldero - you will NOT be disapointed.
5	Wow!  Thanks Yelpers for the great reviews of this wonderful restaurant!!  I had the enchiladas, one w/red and the other green, cilantro lime rice and refrained beans.  My husband had the Carnitas Estilo Michoacan and I had to stop him from licking the plate when he finished it!!   Everything has a BIG, rich flavor!  The chip were warm and fresh and we couldn't decide which of the salsas we like best.   Generally, we like to go to a different restaurant each night while on vacation, but we might have to return here.   Yummmm....!
5	Amazing flan, great food, cheap tasty drinks.  Color me pleased.  During happy hour until 7PM or all day Sunday it is $3 for a top shelf mojito in Scottsdale, and $5.50 for 5 street tacos.  Seriously, what is better than that?  An early reviewer said expensive, but compared to what? Taco Bell drive thru?
4	I was very surprised how good the food is here. I had a chicken burrito and for the price and quality I really enjoyed it.  The chips and salsa are amazing two different salsas. Happy hour is amazing the only downfall is the atmosphere they had a bootleg UFC fight on every tv. Like the fights you see on a weird channel, Just kinda weird for a Mexican joint. I hope this place stays around I didn't see too many people in here.
4	It seems to me that Scottsdale is severely lacking in the Mexican food arena as far as good food at reasonable prices.  Screw this table-side guacamole for $12 business.  Make it in the kitchen.  Not to say I don't order said guacamole.  But let it go on record, I disagree with it.  And I welcomed the addition of Filiberto's on Indian Bend if that tells you anything.But I was really pleasantly surprised when I finally made it to Caldero.  They have some specialty dishes on the dinner menu that look quite good, but we were there for lunch, so I ordered from the "classics" menu.  And truthfully, if you can't make a taco, I'm not interested in moving forward in this relationship.Chips and salsa are still free!  That's no longer a given sadly.  The red salsa was good with plenty of oregano and just the right kick for me.  The green was a queso dip, and would make a lovely beverage as far as I'm concerned.  For lunch, I had the chile rojo burro served enchilada style with rice and beans for $8!  Did I mention this is in Scottsdale?  Hopefully they don't talk to the table-side guac folks.  The burro was so stuffed with pork, I almost wished it had a little more sauce though.  I loved the enchilada sauce, too.  I went with charro beans...again delicious...over black or refried.  They also offer lemon cilantro rice in addition to the standard Spanish rice.  I had Spanish, and it was just fine...except for the obligatory peas everyone tosses in there.Our server was excellent and very friendly, too!  I'm a little worried it was relatively empty on a Saturday afternoon.  But I'll be back and do my part in ensuring it stays open.
4	In a city full of great Mexican restaurants it's hard to differentiate yourself from the crowd. Let's admit it, we all have our favorites... so we had to admit being a bit jaded when asked to try Caldero by a friend. (okay we admit, we even put off going for a few weeks). We were wrong, and we fully admit our mistake... see we can act maturely! Located on Thomas, east of Scottsdale Rd., Caldero impressed us with their unique Mexican food at very affordable prices. Looking for the standard Americanized Mexican... you won't get that here. Instead you will find authentic regional dishes prepared with care and handed down by the owner's mother, who still oversees all the sauces. And the sauces are what sets Caldero apart from the pack. I'll let you in on one of our 'little secrets'... want to judge a Mexican Restaurant... ask to taste their Mole Sauce. If they don't offer Mole... run.  I can vouch that the Mole sauce here passed the test with flying colors, great consistency, not too sweet, right amount of kick. Yep, they had us at the Mole.Full review here.... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=974
5	Excellent food and service. The pablano salsa was amazing! I highly recommend the lemon cilantro rice and black beans for your sides.
4	Recommended by another chef, this proved to be a true gem.   Delicious, beautiful presentation  and reasonable, not bad for overpriced Scottsdale.
5	I've been to Caldero's probably half a dozen times now, and I always walk away glad that I went in.  The staff is always friendly and welcoming, particularly the male bartender/manager/owner (I'm not sure which one he is) who always remembers me and my boyfriend when we come in. The chips and salsa that they put on your table after you are seated also comes with a queso sauce that is to die for, and I really wish they would put it on the menu.  The prices are fantastic for a sit-down restaurant, and the portions are more than adequate, and border on generous. You can order items a la carte, and while most restaurants charge through the nose to do so, Caldero's doesn't.  You can get a Carnitas burrito for $4.50, or a Carne Asada burrito for $5, both of which are literally only pennies more than you would pay at Filliberto's and the quality is much better.  They have a bunch of a la carte items, and all are more than reasonably priced. My favorite entree so far is the Chicken Empanadas plate.  It comes with two empanadas stuffed to the gills with white meat chicken, and whatever sides you choose. You get a choice of what your sides are, instead of just having rice & beans dumped on your plate.  I always request the lemon-cilantro rice and the charro beans, but there are many other options.  I've had their carnitas, and their carne asada, and both are juicy, flavorful, and have just the right amount of spice. Their fried ice cream is to die for, so if you can, save room for dessert, or do what we did: just went in one night for dessert alone. The only thing I could think that people might need to know is that overall, the food here is a bit spicier than most restaurants like Garcia's or Macayo's might make,  The food heer just has a little more kick to it than you might be used to from other places.  I'm not a big "hot" food fan, but it still doesn't bother me.  You just may notice that your mouth is tingling a bit when you leave. All in all, I can't recommend this place more highly.  Great food, even better prices, a friendly staff...this place has everything, and it's my go-to spot now for mexican food, and I'm doubly lucky that it's close because I won't eat mexican frood from anywhere else now. I notice some people in other reviews saying it's expensive, but  unless you're ordering the rib-eyes, or the seafood plates, I don't see how anyone could consider this place pricey.  And, if you're going to order a rib-eye...what do you expect???  I go to steakhouses a lot, as well, and Caldero's steak prices were average.  I came here one evening with the BF and a friend of ours.  My BF got the nachos (which is just a mountain of food in itself), I got the Chicken Empanadas, our friend got a carne asada burrito, there were 2 sodas and a beer, and including tip, we spent $35.   Expensive? Not at all.
4	NOOOOOOOO!! Who did I piss off to cause this calamity to fall upon me?******************CLOSED********************In its place...Filiberto's Mexican Food & Bar.  I'm so confused.  Review coming.
