5	Geat customer service ! Can't beat prices ! Staff is so helpful ! Check them out juice is amazing and I vape daily . Wax, herb ect  they have it all . 180 plus flavors .
5	Great new shop, owners are very nice guys. Prices also seen to be lower than anywhere else I've been. Lots of vape flavors, 180 plus I believe. Check em out!!
5	Checked out the new vape store by my house. Was very impressed. The service was excellent, staff was very knowledgeable, they had a large selection of organic vapes to choose from and the prices were great. I plan to return and would recommend this place to my friends.
5	I was walking around my neighborhood one evening about a month ago and saw a glowing sign that read, "Vape and Smoke". (Or something of that sorts...) I was incredibly happy that I made this discovery as I had recently purchased a vape pen from Circle K, and really enjoyed it ..... At least that's what I thought. My husband and I are on Chantix, and even though the cravings are gone for the most part the 'kick' of the menthol is what I miss the most. He had never tried a vape pen and used e cigarettes. I hated e cigarettes, and over the last several years spent hundreds of dollars on them, and hated all of them.I stopped in one day, (the day after they opened) and purchased a Blowez pen for my husband and a bottle of liquid. I paid only about $10 more here then I did at Circle K. When he fired it up I couldn't believe it! It was smooth, it tasted perfect, and it even had a battery indicator. Amazing! My piece of crap Circle K pen regularly spit liquid into my mouth and never charged right, even after the first use. Needless to say, I went back about 2 days later and bought my own. (In hot pink!) I've had it for a few weeks and love it more and more with each passing day.The owners are patient, and always willing to take the time to find the perfect blend for you; and the amount of flavors they have is amazing!  The prices are great, selection is mind blowing, and the owners are very helpful. Oh! I almost forgot the rewards program! Love it! I get buy 1 get 1 free on liquids quite often and even have $5 off my next purchase.
4	Good juice
