4	At Maggiano's, the portions are huge, and we've always found it is more economical to order several dishes and share rather than ordering off their family menu.This location is at one end of the Fashion Show mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rXUBAFqrr00KvVEJ6aNURw?hrid=OYsZi4R_-xj0UuVtTe5vPg).  The non-smoking section has a Strip view; the whole place feels very airy with lots of windows.Vegan Report: Getting the bruschetta (without cheese) and the minestrone soup (without cheese) always makes me a happy lady.
4	The moment we got to Vegas last weekend, my friend insisted we go to this place.  I really wasn't in the mood for Italian food but the group wanted it, so I was out of luck.After a rather long wait for a non-buffet restaurant (20-25 min), we were seated.  We got the insalata caprese (although they didn't call it that), and the spinach and feta raviolio and manicotti and finished with the creme brulee.  The portions are rather large, so with a guy and 3 girls, the above menu was enough.The prices were very fair, especially considering it was Vegas and that it was considered a very good restaurant.  The wine selection was decent.  If you're not in the mood to go bankrupt at Nobu, Lupo, or Postrio, go to Maggiano's for some very reasonable and altogether excellent Italian food in a great setting.
5	I used to go here all the time after school!(one of the many great perks of living in vegas.)The prices are decent and the servings are huge!!Their stuffed mushroom is superb!!This place is great for that little pick-me-up after a day of shopping at the Fashion Show mall! Their service is amazing too!
5	The food at Maggianos is absolutely superb. Knowing that Las Vegas has a rep for the ultra high end, Maggianos was the best I had.The profiterole rolls were absolutely divine and the setting a little reminiscent of pastis in New York.
5	The best Italian food I've had in Vegas and the best bruschetta I've ever had anywhere (admittedly I've not yet actually been to Italy though).  The menu options were original and everything we ordered was both extraordinarily flavorful and fresh.  We were there for lunch and the prices were a steal (for example, the $6 bruschetta was the size of a meal in itself and the wine by the glass was also reasonable by Vegas standards).  Our waiter was nothing special, but we wanted for nothing.  And while the dining experience for me is usually diminished when dining in a mall (even a Vegas mall), I found that the location was actually quite nice and lended itself to great views of the strip.  I would have liked to have tried the desserts but I hardly could finish my meal because of the large portions--I guess that means I'll have to go back.
3	An average PF Chang, Cheesecake Factory quality chain restaurant located at the very fashionable Fashion Show Mall.  For Vegas, this might be 5-star but for me it is only 3.  Sorry.Bring your appetite -- portions are buffet style.
5	Great atmosphere, great fresh food. The plates have just the right amount of flavor, even the "heaviest" dishes end up being pretty light. The prices are really good and accommodate every appetite since most plates are available in full and half size.We spent 4 days in Vegas and had dinner at the Maggiano's twice!
4	This place is sooooo yummy! I went for dinner and there was a little bit of a wait but it wasn't too bad. There's not much of a waiting area which sucks because it feels like you're always in the way. Once we were seated it was more of the same. The tables were very close together and people kept squeezing by our table which truly annoyed me. For that reason i had to remove one star. However everything else was superb! I had the lobster ravioli which was delicious. In fact I'm making myself hungry just thinking about it! I also had a Caramel apple martini which was delicious! I had to get another. By the end of the meal my belly was full and my body was tipsy. I'd say that's a perfect way to end the day! :-)
3	Maggiano's Little Italy is on the second floor of the Fashion Show Mall, across from the Wynn and Treasure Island on Las Vegas Blvd. Maggiano's is a chain restaurant that can be found in over 20 states. I have eaten at the one in Minneapolis as well as this one. I guess in the hiearchy of Italian food Chain restaurants it goes something like this:Out of the can and not Italian: Chef BoyardeeSlightly better Casual not Italian: Olive Garden and Macaroni GrillA little better if you didn't know better: Pasta Pomodoro Mid-level trying to fool you as high-end Italian: Maggiano's and Buca de BeppoHigher prices and more Northern Italian: Il ForniaoReally great Italian: don't tend to be chain restaurants Maggiano's has nice ambiance, expensive dark wood decor, and is usually very popular and crowded. In Vegas expect to wait even with a reservation. We had a party of 10, called at 5 and couldn't get reservation until 8:30. Maggiano's is perfect for large parties, as they offer huge dishes that are meant to be shared (most have a half size option, so take it!) They offer a family style approach special menu for large groups, where the cost is $29.95 per person, and includes 2 shared appetizers, 2 pastas, and 2 mains in a bottomless approach. They encourage this, as they will tell you if you order a la carte, it may take 30 - 45 minutes (for Pasta?). we went a la carte because some didn;t want to comprimise into limited selections. The Mozzarella Buffula appetizer (what they called Tomato Slice and Mozzarella, or something like that) is one of my favorite Italian appetizers. The special goat mozzarella with a basil leaf over a tomato slice is a nice combination, Maggiano's shreds the basil, which I prefer the fresh whole leaf. You get 3 slices with an order. The Capellini d'arrabiata (which they call by the English name of Angel Hair) comes in a huge bowl with about 1/2 to 1 pound of pasta, roma tomatoes, garlic and a little oil, with some basil, and a slightly spicey arrabiata sauce. They have a couple of lasagna offerings, either covered in a bolognese (ground beef) sauce or in a Marinara. It is huge, like everything is. There is a large menu of good selections for most people. They don't offer olive oil and balsamic vinegar with your bread, but if you ask for it, they will bring it to you. If you want A LOT of food and willing to pay over $30 per person for Pasta, go here.
4	I dined here on a Monday by myself at 6pm - it was busy but I was seated at a booth without hesitation.The menu is vegetarian friendly - I chose to get the half-order of spaghetti with a mixture of marinara and white sauce. While waiting for my entree, I munched on the fresh bread that I dipped in olive oil - mmmmm!The spaghetti was good - I would have finished it if hadn't eaten the bread.My waitress was friendly, attentive and efficient.Yeah, its a chain but for the price point and compared to what's around, you get not only a good deal but good food too.
4	Good Italian food although the hostess took forever to seat us. Our server was much better and the food was good. We got the chopped salad which was great and the pesto, chicken, pine nut linguine. It actually wasn't spectacular but it was much better later that night for dinner.
4	I've seen Maggianos in other cities, but this was my first time dining at one.  We decided to have our meal "family style" which was recommend by my brother and his fiancee.   The food was pretty good, in particular we enjoyed the mussels and loved  the Tiramisu.  Our server was excellent.  They also have some reasonably priced wines available.I've heard mixed things about this chain, but was pretty impressed with my visit.  Family style definitely seems to be the way to go when dining here.
5	Food: Food here was excellent. I had the chicken parmigiana which also came with a side of spaghetti or fettuccine . The spaghetti was delicious and the chicken was also very tasty and moist. Portions were huge,especially for lunch time!Price: Prices are modercheap! why go to an expensive Italian place on the strip when you can dine here for half the price and get good quality food!Atmosphere: I liked dining here. It was quiet, relaxing and great for groups or family dining.Service: Service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  Our water glasses were always refilled. Location: Located in Fashion Show Mall on the second floor. Great to dine after/before shopping!
2	Please try the bruschetta. Really good and you can taste the fresh garlic. Very good service and the food is good.
3	We went here last Thursday around 7pm and goooooood loooooord was it a long wait for a table.  I was surprised this place was as packed as it was.  Definitely make a reservation..even on a Thursday!Aside from that the food was decent.  The wife went for the lasagna after rave reviews from my 78 year old coworker who said it was the best he'd ever had.  It was ok.  A little too sausagey and I thought lasagna was supposed to have lasagna noodles in it???  I went with the calamari marinara/arrabiata or whatever which was pretty good...but Nora's is better and $5 less.  Portions are huge here, its nice they offer half sizes but I would still opt for the "regular" portions since leftovers (ie 2nd meal) is worth having.    You could easily just split a salad and entree with another person and be full.  I still prefer Nora's and Battista's over this place but its not bad.  I give it 3.5
3	I'm surprised this place has four stars, which I think is a little high if you're judging based on taste, but value for your money, this is definitely good value.I came here a couple nights ago with a very large group (about 14?). We showed up without notice, and they were still able to get a table for us in about half an hour or so. The table ordered off the family style menu where you can only pick two of each course, but can have as much of those courses as you want until you're ready for the next one. We ordered calamari, caesar salad, another type of salad (I think it was the Maggiano's), tomato with mozarella, chicken parmesan, lasagna, spaghetti with marinara sauce, salmon, tiramisu, and cheesecake. The salads were decent - crisp, and tangy. The mozarella that came with the tomato was not very smooth and a little too 'pizza mozarella' tasting for me. The spaghetti with marinara sauce was my personal favorite, along with some of the other people at the table. It was light, and the spaghetti was cooked to just the right tenderness. The lasagna was very salty and the meat chunky in an unpleasant, crumbly way. It wasn't chewy, cheesy, and meshing with the lasagna layers. The cheesecake was really delicious, came with fresh strawberries and whipped cream. Mm!The service was a little slow and sometimes unmindful of us, but it was fairly busy in the restaurant, so I can understand.I'd come here for a decent large group setting with fairly cheap eats, but I wouldn't come here for a date or a small intimate group meal.
4	Great Italian food. Could be a bit pricey for what you get at this restaurant. I ordered the lobster ravioli (which literally gives you like 8 pieces or something), and it was very good. I love pasta, and this place seems to cook it well. The bread isn't that bad here either. Great service too!I have been to the one in Santa Row in CA, and I feel that the vibe there is more elegant than this one (since this one is in the Fashion Mall). Bring your family here...
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Less crowded, much cheaper, better service, and better food...  I don't want to go to any Italian restaurants in casino hotels anymore!
3	I'm not the biggest fan of chain places mostly because the food lacks love and atmosphere seems fake.  But if there's a chain place that does it right, it would have to be Maggiano's.  The food feels like its been prepared with care and the place is comfortable without being too commercial.  And their Las Vegas location is no exception.The Maggiano's Salad and Chocolate Zuccotto Cake are a must try.What was particularly interesting for this visit was the wine I had.   I usually find it difficult to smell what I'm suppose to smell in red wine: hints of strawberries, cherries, oak, vanilla, leather, sunshine, earth, wind, fire, etc, whatever.  Not this time: I smelled the floral bouquet that was suppose to be in my red.  I was so shocked that I was practically snorting instead of drinking it.The only reason I stopped was I heard our waiter ask, "Is everything okay, sir?"  And as I looked up from my glass to answer, I saw the wife shaking her head with the "What are you doing?" look and the waiter slightly looming behind her with a smirk.I placed my glass down and responded, "We're fine.  Thank you."I should've responded with "This wine may have gone sour.  Could you please bring me something else?"  But then he would have taken the only wine I could smell properly.
5	We decided to stop here and have lunch. Boy am I glad that we did! Maggiano's was delicious!! I really regret not taking pictures of our food but I was enjoying it so much that I was too busy stuffing my face and didn't think to pull out the camera. I'm a total soup girl, so after hearing the day's selection of soups, I decided on a cup of roasted mushroom soup. When it arrived my jaw dropped. I asked for a cup (or small ...whatever) and it arrived in a huge bowl!! The portions were huge! I even waited and double checked with our server that they didn't make a mistake and give me the bigger size bowl of soup and she said "nope, that's the small one". Well, the soup was delicious. It was full of mushrooms in a cream base and was sooooo yummyyy!!!  My mom ordered the "small" Spinach Salad and that was delicious as well. Never had roasted red peppers in a spinach salad and it surprisingly gave great flavor with the smoked bacon, crumbled gorgonzola, sweet onions and toasted pine nuts. We would have been just fine with our soup and salad but little did we know that the portions were going to be so huge!Okay, entree time...we both went with sandwhiches. I had the Jumbo Lump Crabcake Sandwhich (via their menu on the website..."Crab cake on a brioche bun with arugula, tomato and crispy onion strings and mustard mayonnaise. Served with parmesan chips") and my mom had the Seared Salmon Sandwhich (which is not listed on the menu online for some odd reason). THOSE WERE THE 2 BEST DAMN SANDWHICHES I'VE EVER HAD!!!! OMGGGG!! Sooo yummyyyy!!! I think it's funny that we were at an Italian restaurant and didn't have pasta but I am so glad at our choices because the food was soooo delicious!We were so stuffed from our soup and salad that we each only ate half of our sandwhiches and went back to our hotel room with our leftovers, happily! LOL! We were very happy with our lunch from Maggiano's and will be making it a regular stop on future visits to Vegas.Although I am in the Bay and heard there's a Maggiano's down in San Jose, I rarely head down to the South Bay so I doubt I'll be visiting that one. I highly suggest the location in Las Vegas!! p.s. Excellent service as well! Oh yeah, and it was a lovely day so we opted to dine outside and it was very nice! The weather was perfect!
4	I'm not big on chain restaurants but Maggiano's is my fav italian spot!  I've never had a bad experience at the Woodland Hills location in CA and LV did not disappoint. The food is always great and so is the service.  I've tried a lot of the appies and my favs are the calamari, stuffed mushrooms and the shrimp oreganata! AWESOME!  I love the four cheese ravioli with the pesto alfredo.  As Rachel says...YUM-O!  The maggiano's chopped salad is also great.  This place all in all is great for groups or even a nice dinner with BF.  Keep it up Maggiano's!
5	I love this place. I came here with a large group and we were served family style with so many delicious entrees but this place had already won me over before the food came.The restaurant has a glass wall and if you sit in the right corner you can see the fashion show mall, wynn las vegas, and even down the north end of the strip. I loved watching the Wynn sign change colors and move as I ate and enjoyed great cocktails. The food was authentic Italian food and vey filling. Delicious. We had a ravioli that was too die for. A lemon chicken with capers, I think. There was also like a lasagna or something. I don't know but everything was good and just really above average. The girl sitting next to me hated seafood and wouldn't try a few things so she kept complaining but seriously grow up and eat some damn fish! This place is great. The atmosphere is homey and a little cheesy with Italian music playing. The lighting was dark and the table cloths where red and white checkered. I loved everything about this restaurant!
4	The food was great.  The wait staff was impeccable.  My favorite part of the meal is the hunk of Parmesan cheese they give you.  yummy!  I also enjoyed the grappa they hand you at the end of the evening.
3	This Maggiano's, like all the others, is what it is....but a little bit better given the excellent viewpoint from the fashion show mall out onto the strip.  Went here with 12 people and had wonderful time despite the mediocre food.  Like all chains, the menu is formulaic and there are hits and misses.  Hits include the super garlicy Shrimp Oreganata, Garlic Shrimp Linguine, and Lobster Ravioli.  Needless to say, they do garlic right.  The tiramisu was also quite tasty and enormous (not that this matters much since Maggiano's is all you can eat)Misses included a mediocre (actually pretty bad) gnocchi, oily and limp Eggplant Parmesan, and cheesecake that was heavy and flavorless.I last went t this Maggiano's back in 2005 and can't say I'd recommend it for 'fine dining,' but in terms of bang-for-your-buck in Las Vegas it is certainly a valid option.2 Stars for the food, 4 for a good time atomsphere with a big group.  Its closer to a 2.5 than a 3, but I'll round up for good memories.
4	Solid 4.  I have been to three Maggiano's (2 in CA and now Vegas).  The one in Vegas is the best one.  This is my favorite place to eat Italian food.  The food is great.  They have large portions.  Service was quick and polite.  Always try to go to a Maggiano's on the off hours or make a reservation to avoid long waits.  My favorites are the chicken parm and garlic shrimp pasta.
5	Despite my previous experiences with Maggiano's in San Jose, I particularly enjoyed my Maggiano's experience in Las Vegas.  The bar here was just as high as my first experience back in San Jose.  We were here for my buddy's birthday and we had well over twenty people with us.  The staff pulled out all the stops to make sure we were well taken care of.  The food was like a flowing river of endless plates and our waiters did an excellent job of keeping us entertained.  Since Las Vegas has been a regular stop for my friends and I as of late, I would definitely come back here to re-live the experience.  Food recommendations: Everything!
3	4stars-1star4stars for the food. I Love Maggiano's. Their baked four cheese raviolis in creamy pesto sauce could not be more ah-mazing.Buyer beware, the half order is more than enough to fill you up! And another fair warning: the mama's lasagna could probably feed a family of five. Ok, if you have a huge appetite, maybe a family of three.1star for the server. The SERVICE was great. We were seated quickly, the food came out quickly, had a great table with a view of the outside of Fashion Show Mall. But our server really...screwed up? He asked us where we were from and we responded "California" and he proceeded to tell us what bad drivers we are...umm does he know we are the ones who tip him? Regardless us this gentleman's faux pas I still tipped him 20%. Hopefully he'll learn to keep his big mouth shut next time he gets one of us crazy Californian drivers.
5	Much better experience than the Santana Row, San Jose, CA location.The servers, staff, food were excellent. Everyone was polite. The location was much nicer and more central to the strip. We had a great time. We had a nice family dinner and enjoyed every aspect.
3	I usually like Maggiano's, especially when I come with a big group. The view from this location is great, because it's right above the Strip, so you can see everything around the Wynn, which is right across the street. The host staff was polite, the food was quick, but our server was NONE OF THE ABOVE! He basically did everything short of rolling his eyes at us. What a mood killer. And meal killer. And Maggiano's killer.
4	I don't know much about italian food, but this is way better than olive garden! The spaghetti and meatball dish is really yummy! salads and appetizers are good too. portions are really big, even the half orders. I think the half orders are still a pound of pasta. Tiramisu is bomb, too. I'll go back every time I crave some spaghetti.
2	So i pass by maggianos every time I visit southcoast in CALI which is almost weekly but I had never tried their food.  So when we were in vegas for my birthday we decided to head their for our lunch before we headed back to Cali.   We ordered our meal after awhile because the server was being erratic and then after twenty minutes or so we got our appetizer.  After we recieved it they asked us to move to another table towards the middle and we had to carry our own food and dishes over.  Then after another twenty minutes or so we received our food.  Too bad when we said "no marinera' on my besties pasta and confirmed that we are sorry but to please substitute and she glady said it was no problem it of course came out with marinera.  However it took so long in the first place for our food to arrive so my bestie stuck to it.  THEN what happened is unbelievable..they actually started VACUUMING right behind us.  Back and Forth Back and Forth with NO warning what-so-ever which I don't even know if it would have made it any better.  After 5-10 minutes...YES SERIOUSLY the couple behind us asked to get the check because they couldn't stand it.  After the whole ordeal our server comes out as if she just realized the vacuum had been on and asks if we want to move.... NO IDIOT THE DUST ALREADY FLEW UP AND LANDED SAFELY ON MY FOOD. I DONT WANT TO EAT NOW I WANT TO GET OUT... apparently they had their carpet cleaned and they needed to vacuum the moisture out....As if that could not wait until another time????what a dissappointment.  So I asked her for their card so I could leave corporate a comment.  I didn't get to it until a month or so later and they said it was too late to leave a comment but too bad I still did.  After my comment I didn't receive any notice that they received my comment.  I am NOT looking for free comps or anything of that nature I just want them to understand that is NOT what I expected in a restuarant...it reminded me of those annoying sweepers in cafeterias/fastfood joints.  This location needs HELP
1	there's so much to say about it this place i dont know how to start ,,first our reservation was for 830,,we got seated at 830 but didnt  get to order till 10pm(seriously)an hour and a half for our server to take our order..then we got our food at 1100(btw theres 9 in our party)..my sis lambchops were past well done,(she asked for medium rare!!!),i ordered lobster fettucine w/ no peas and artichokes....what did i get??lobster fettucine with peas and artichokes!!!!my sis got her garlic mashed potatoes after she's almost done with chewing her very chewy lambchops..the rest of the food was well,,okay,,not great for what youre paying for...by the end of the night our bill totaled to almost $500.00...$80.00 of it Is gratuity for our server who we saw twice...IM NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS PLACE.....IF YOU WANT ITALIAN FOOD,,,YOU MIGHT AS WELL GO TO MACARONI GRILL,,WAY MUCH BETTER AND LESS EXPENSIVE.....
5	i LOVE LOVE LOVE Maggiano's. I've been to three of their locations, and most recently the Las Vegas one again.My bf and I arrived around 8 on a Saturday night, and thankfully only waited about 15 minutes to be seated. I had been starving myself since the morning in anticipation of this meal. We took the first available, which was outside and I wouldn't recommend it. It's not Maggiano's fault, but there was an iPod commercial running on a continuous loop on one of the outdoor televisions at the mall. Even with the ambient noise, and the restaurant's own music, by the time we were done with dinner, I was ready to jab a fork in both of my ears. That being said, I still had a great dinner! I've never been disappointed with the food nor service, and this time was no different. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and helped us pick out a really good bottle of wine.  We started with the fried mozzarella with marinara sauce... yummm.  The Maggiano salad has a great light flavored dressing and little bits of prosciutto in it.... so tasty! And for the main course we shared my favorite dish on the face of this planet, the chicken and spinach manicotti. Words just cannot do this dish justice, suffice it to say it's freakin fabulous. I somehow mustered the courage to order desert, even though my stomach was filled to the max. But I just absolutely love their cheesecake. I am NOT a big fan of cheesecake, but Maggiano's makes theirs with mostly marscapone cheese and it is just wonderful! So if you are in Vegas and looking for some overly generous portioned great food I highly recommend Maggianos!
5	my first time at maggianos overall..and it did not disappoint.  had such a great window seat, where you could see wynn and people busying around down below, since the maggiano's was in the 2nd floor of the building.  i think this particular location would be great for lunch, or anytime the sun is out because the sun shines through the big open windows.ordered 4 big pasta dishes (to share with four other people of course, but i would be down to eat all that), have to rave about the Rigatoni'D!! the sauce...made it what it is. a pesto, white creamy sauce sooo good, i definitely recommend it to everybody.  our waiter, i forget the name, was awesome..he had this cool accent and was so nice and helpful. the calamari was OK but ..the cheesecake was pretty good.
5	I love Maggiano's!! It is great for big parties. My family and I are a huge fan of the Family Style Lunch. http://www.maggianos.com/foodbeverage/default.asp?menu=Family%20Style%20LunchYou get two choices of appetizers, salads, pastas, entrees and desserts. They also refill the plates. So if you finish your appetizer, they'll give you another one and if you don't finish it they let you box it up. My favorites are the Calamari Fritte, Stuffed Mushrooms and the Tiramisu!!!Everyone in the world needs to celebrate one event in their life at Maggiano's. It is totally worth the price.
4	Went here for dinner - just me and the hubby.  Every time we come out to Vegas we come here.  Great place, love the food, scenery was very nice and italian of course.  Waiters was great.  Very little wait time.  If you never been there before and don't know where to park it can be tricky or you will be walking for a while before you get there.Hubby and I had a great romantic time.  Been going there since 2003, every visit to vegas we always make sure we stop here.This is great mouth watering italian food.  My fav dish is the Rigatoni 'D' &We love the calamari!!
4	This is another place that I've only experience for Happy Hour.  I would have given the place a 5 if they hadn't taken the pizzas off the HH menu.   They were so good, the other items like the crispy onions, the mozarella sticks, etc. were still fabulous.  They usually have drink specials as well, like deals on Pink Vodka martinis.  Depending on the day, there is also a piano player in the lounge/bar area.
2	What a let down Maggiano's ended up to be. My first experience ended up being a horrible one. Come on now, you do not vacuum your carpet when you have guests who are eating!! Making us move to another table just so you can vacuum does not make it any better! I think I might have ate some of the dust. Besides that whole ordeal, the calamari was the best I ever had here. THE BEST! I ordered a chicken dish which was blah. KFC prepares better chicken. Its my fault though, ordering chicken at a Italian restaurant is like eating sushi at a buffet in Vegas, IT SUCKS!
2	The rave reviews surprise me.  Saltiest food ever.  I could barely eat the eggplant parm, which is usually a favorite of mine.  I was thirsty for an entire day after...I thought I was going to need an IV to replenish my fluids!
4	so f-ing good! came here for dinner with some friends. we were seated right away. service was great. the food was yummy. i had the lobster fetticine and that shit was the bomb! the ambiance of the restaurant was very nice too. very elegant. you didn't even feel like you were in vegas. best of all it was affordable and not as expensive as you would expect compared to other restaurants in vegas.
5	This is my favorite restaurant. I love to eat here with my family for birthdays and such.They have some of the best Italian food I have ever tasted. There's really good spaghetti, Fettuccine Alfredo with broccoli (my favorite with or without greens), and chicken Parmesan. They also have this stuff called onion strings (like a small, classy plate of mini, entangled onion rings) that is cravable, especially with the creamy, lemonish sauce. You have to ask for it on the side, though, or you may not get it.The atmosphere is really nice, too, especially if you're in the room surrounded by windows (unless someone suicidal brought a pet rock as their date).They give you a dessert on your birthday. They used to be lemon cookies, but I think they changed it to cake. I don't particularly like the desserts, but my family LOVES those lemon cookies!Overall, this is one of the best Italian places. Period.
5	Tony B-I just want to set the record straight.  Maggiano's is owned by a private company that was started in 1991 which also owns On the Border, Macaroni Grill, and Chili's. Maggiano's Restaurant has had the same owner since 1996. There has been no ownership change. If you had a bad experience, Maggiano's thrive's on customer satisfaction and will make sure that your next experience is a happy and memorable one. Thanks and don't forget to mention this article and mention the banquet sales department when you return!!StephanyLas Vegas
3	Service:  3.5 StarsAttentive.  Cordial.  Tapped out our drinks.  Made sure we were fine and dandy like a jovial Dean Martin singing that Mambo Italiano song.  Oh wait, this song WAS played during our meal on 3.20.09.  I'm sure it loops every day though.Decor:  3.5 StarsFancier than Macaroni Grill and I should hope so as this is Vegas and a step above its sister restaurant.  The seating was vast and it could probably fit at least 5 bachelorette parties.  Oh yeaaahh...  bachelorette parties...   *droool*  There weren't too many people let alone bachelorette parties, but most patrons were enjoying the beautiful weather in their outdoor seating area.Food:  3 StarsThe minestrone was ok.  It was a bit cheesy and the color seemed paler (not as tomato-red) and its taste was different than most minestrone soups I've had.  I had the Lobster Fettuccine.  There wasn't much lobster.  Italian Sausages were also few and a bit burnt.  The peas and artichokes gave it a nice balance.  The white wine cream sauce was really good but a little salty than I like my pasta sauces to be.  So this Little Italy Favorite is a mainstay in San Francisco fare?  I'm glad I had the chance to savor it in Vegas.I'd come back.  I'd probably go someplace closer though, like Orange County and go all out Family Style.  P.S. - To the previous Yelpers, I agree that the food made me thirsty; however, this place isn't as salty as their cousin On The Border in Rancho Cucamonga.P.P.S. - Update 3/26.  I just read an article in Yahoo Health today:  http://health.yahoo.com/experts/eatthis/26542/americas-unhealthiest-restaurants.  Chili's, On the Border, and Macaroni Grill - all owned by Maggiano's parent company, Brinker are on the hit list and the sodium count on their menu items aren't benefiting my pre-hypertension.
5	I have been here twice in the last year and both times were amazing. I went with my wife both times and we requested a table with a view, and when we got there we sat right in the corner and we were able to see all the people walking the strip and the cool Wynn sign. The place is huge so it is a great place for large parties as well. If you don't want to take a lot of food home (or back to the hotel room) then just order the 1/2 orders instead and even though it still may be tons of food at least you wont be wasting it. All the drinks are wonderful and the food is great every time we come here. Sure its just like any other Maggianos as far as taste goes but its Vegas so there is a little added something. I talk to the GM of this restaurant like once a month and he is a really nice guy. The staff is great and the views are amazing. If you have not been here..go and if you have been here ...go back. Peace Out, MZ
3	I was there for my birthday, and a couple of us had our birthdays on the same day or weekend, so we thought it'd be cool have our b-day dinner there. The food was good. I forgot what I had (No, I wasn't drunk...wait...was I?) but I know it was good and they give good, hearty portions. The negatives were how crammed-up the dining area is. I mean, if you're claustrophobic, then this ain't the place for you. You can damn near eat off the next table if you're slick enough. The other issue I had was the 2 serenading musicians. Now, they probably didn't mean any harm but after coming to our table, one of them noticed we were all Black and said "I don't know any rap but I take requests" - Wow. Did he REALLY just go there? I had to put him in check and told him to keep it movin' before I show him what Gangsta Rap LOOKS like when a violin becomes a weapon. Needless to say...he quickly got out of there. Then they misplaced the birthday cake, but later found it...then lost the top that goes over it...then later found it. Yeah, it was one of those nights. But the food was good. Maybe a tad bit overrated for the price though, especially in a food-ladened city like Vegas.
5	Visiting Maggianos was one of the best experiences I had in Vegas.  We found it on Yelp from the glowing reviews and they pretty much all held true.  The service was friendly, the food was ENORMOUS and subtle in flavor.  We vacuumed up everything.  The wine was fine and they served us hot bread rolls with olive oil and balsamic vinegar before our appetizers.  All in all a way classy italian place for EXTREMELY cheap.  I couldn't believe I had such a delicious meal in an elegant environment AND wine for only $20!  Highly recommended.
4	It hasn't been scientifically proven; but Maggiano's may be the leading contributor to obesity in the United States. Good lord this place serves a ton of food.It was odd that I asked the waiter how big the baked zitti was off the lunch menu. He did his best to talk me out of it by saying that it was small and not that big (a half portion as he put it). This thing was huge! Full of fresh sausage, heavy sauce and noodles that could have fed three people instead of just one. We ended up getting our meal comped by the manager after a mix-up with the bill which was great and Ill definitely return when Im in town again.Great view too if you get a table near the glass.
5	I've only been here once and man i don't know how i never been here before.  It's a very nicely decorated restaurant that feels pretty fancy but it actually isn't that expensive.  We had a large group that got the family style dinner.  It was fantastic! everything was delicious and we were able to take home boxes of left overs.  it was like a buffet that was brought over to you.  large portions so you'll definitely get your moneys worth!  bring your eatin pants
5	WOW! Strangely I live fairly close to a Maggianos and yet it took a trip to Vegas for me to try it out. What the heck took me so long???!!! This place is so yummy!! Our large group decided to get family style dinner. Salads were great, pastas were amazing! We got a salmon dish that was so good. There was a roasted chicken which was slightly dry, but that was the worst of it. Service was great and our waitress was right on top of everything! We even got to take home the leftovers....mmmm
4	Quality ingredients = good food. Chicken Francese is the bomb! ...Also sausage & peppers appetizer was really good. ...Cool location is directly across from Wynn.
4	A great place to visit if you are sick of the hotel buffets! The atmosphere was nice and cozy. We came in on a Saturday night and our option was to wait 4 minutes or sit at the bar for dinner. We sat at the bar! The food was great, huge portions! We figured out after the fact that they specialize in family portions. I ordered the half order of lobster ravioli and it was delicious! Five huge raviolis stuffed with big chunks of lobster and a great sauce! The portion of sauce was just right, it was not drowning in it! My friend ordered the Caesar salad and when they brought it out we actually started laughing because it was so huge! He managed to eat the whole thing though! As for drinks I had the watermelon martini and he had the classic martini...both were great! I would definitely visit again...
5	The pasta for the price at Maggiano's just can't be beat!  I went with my Mom and her sister and my bf (Chris L.) last week while in Vegas.  I shared the gnocchi and meat lasagna with Chris L. and my Mom and aunt shared the corn pasta with shrimp.  The corn pasta was a must for them because they are both on a gluten-free diet so regular wheat pasta just doesn't cut it.  I love that a serious Italian restaurant cares about the wheat-free side of life and offers wheat-free options.  I also love that a serious Italian restaurant can taste this good and not break the bank.The wine list is great and the desserts were pretty good--I got the profiterole with ice cream and chocolate sauce and the dessert would've been divine if it weren't for the profiterole....  The two baby boomers at the table each got the (GF) creme brulee and loved it.So, for what Maggiano's is, I'm giving it 5 stars.  It certainly beats the other "cheap" food of Vegas and the price is so much better than the expensive restaurants there.  That's a win-win in my book.
4	Very nice restaurant. I was trying to stay away from buffets and this place was conveniently located across the street from our hotel. The host and waitress, not so nice, but the food made up for it. I had to change the time of the reservation time once because we were running late and I guess she didn't like that. The waitress took our order and forgot about us for a while. The food was really good, it had a really good taste. It comes in really big portions so you can share or just take the rest home. Prices are reasonable.
4	off to Maggiano's with a party of thirteen.A very comfortable setting, so it seem.just a little bit too dim...which makes a perfect place for a date for her and him,but an even more perfect for a family dinner.as we waited to be seated, we got hungrier and hungrier.we were then told that with parties bigger than eight,we must do family style even if we each want our own plate.we talked to the waiter who spoke with the manager,because of misunderstanding, our own dish... we were able to order.we had 2 vegetarians in our party,so the chef actually came and took their orders personally!i ordered the clam pasta with red sauce,it was a big portion, even when it is a "half" course.so i split my meal with a friend.the dish was so delicious, we finished til the very end.our glasses of water were never empty,for the waiter always refills it every minute oh so gracefully.the accordion player in the restaurant was very sweet and nicea friend spoke with him for a bit and he played her a song without thinking twicewe were also celebrating our friend's birthday,another song he played for her and must i say,it was very very lovely...a great environment for a birthday party.the price was decent for the big portion of meal,i have to say, it is a very good deal.
5	I had never been here, but we were doing a combo bachelorette/birthday and this place was awesome.  One waitress was pissed because we were taking a lot of pictures and standing in her way!  OOOOHHHH I'm SCARED - she kept giving us mean looks but WHATEVS.  Getting a group of females together to decided on 2 entrees, 2 salads, 2 apps is like filing your nails down a chalkboard.  Someone has to take control!  I ordered a Reisling and sat back to watch the fireworks show.  With large parties, the restaurant STRONGLY "suggests" ok forces you to have family style, which is FINE by me.  It actually works to your advantage because then you aren't squabling over the damn check.  Of course we had one in our party that was a squabbler and a little bit of a pouty puss and was mad when she didn't get her own way.  Well OKAYYYYYY.  So we finally decided on the chopped salad and spiniach salad and the bride is Jewish so we asked for bacon/pork on the side, which was no problem.  The brushetti was awesome, the bread great and the spinach dip was ok, kinda like the frozen kind, just ok.  The ravioli was great!  The waiter even brought me and another girl a sample (large sample) of the pesto with chicken and it was my FAV - we both wanted to order it for the entree, but because of the family style, we couldn't.  Two people wanted to order off the ala carte menu, which they said was fine, as long as at least 6 wanted family style - that built in gratuity is a blessing because at the end of the meal, which was $22.50 per person, I ended up putting in $35 which covered my dinner, wine, tax and tip - couldn't beat it with a stick.  The food is 10000000000 times better than stinky old Buca di Pepto Bismal!!  I highly recommend this place and I'm a picky eater.  LOVE IT
4	I was craving pasta for dinner after the crap I ate at Todd English's Olives, so we wandered over from the Wynn and found this place. Stuffed mushrooms were amazing! The spinach salad was really good and the lobster ravioli was good. It had big chunks of lobster in it, but the cream sauce could have been better.. still yummy though.
5	My wife and I come to Las Vegas twice or three times a year and always grab a cocktail or two at Maggiano's.i am really glad to see that the owner realized to re-implement the best happy hour on the Las Vegas strip. For some reason they decided to stop this in May. But given the state of the economy, this was the best thing Maggiano's could do.I will always continue to come here and recommend it to my friends.Keep doing what you are doing.
5	This was probably the best meal of my trip.  We got there a little late in the evening so there was no wait, which is always nice.  Their portions are HUGE and you get a really good deal for what you pay for.We got the sampler platter which is enough food by itself for three people.  We had a salad and soup and some other dish and everything was great.  The staff waited on us hand and foot and we had the most adorable waiter too!What a nice surprise to find in the Fashion Mall.  I will be back here the next time that I'm in Vegas.  Why spend tons of money in the hotels when this place is far better!!!
5	calamari = bombstuffed mushrooms = bombveal parmesan = solidlasagna = pretty interesting taste... has an italian sausage kick to itwaiter was cool and made good suggestions as well
4	This place is located upstairs in the front outside part of the Fashion Show mall on the strip.  If your driving park on the north side of the mall in the underground parking.  This place was packed with people, yet we still got seated very quickly.  The waiter was very pleasant and helpful.  We ordered a linguine with white clam sauce (very good:), the bracciola (ok), Maggiano's Salad (yummy), and Chicken Marsala (good, but I prefer cheesecake factory's...I know, I know, don't yell at me!)  The prices were very reasonable, and the complimentary bread was oh so yummy with the olive oil and vinegar!
4	Great food and great service.  What more do you want?
4	I was pleasantly surprised by a trip to Maggiano's a little over a month ago during a visit to Las Vegas.  I normally avoid chains, but this one is worth visiting again.The appetizers were all very good (we went during happy hour).  The main courses were huge and moderately priced.  The service was very fast without bring rushed and our waitress was friendly.The location is convenient on the front of the Fashion Show Mall.  Easy access from The Wynn, which is where I was staying.  Plenty of on-site parking as the mall has every parking option under the sun.
4	We sat outside. View was very nice. Food portions are HUGE. A half order is enough for one person. A full order is for people who want to share. I ordered a special, Chianti Beef, it was a little salty for my taste but my brother said it was great. I tasted some of his Garlic Shrimp Linguine, which was good but the noodles lacked flavor. I also tasted some of my mom's Shrimp Angel Hair Pasta which was the best in my opinion. It was full of flavor, but not too much. My family did critcize that the noodles were a little overcooked though, but I found it perfect. i guess it depends on your preference and how you like your noodles. Now i saved the best for last, I would honestly go to Maggiano's just for their garlic mashed potatoes. I have ever only really tasted two chef's mashed potatoes that i liked previous to this dish, but this is definitely in my top 2. It's hard to describe, but you just have to taste it. It's the perfect blend of ingredients, not too salty, good consistency, just try it! I'd seriously go all the way to San Jose from SF just to eat the mashed potatoes. Food took a little long to be prepared. Service was pretty good. Our waters got refilled, but nothing extremely special or eyecatching.
5	Heard this location is under new management and is experiencing some issues. My last visit was last October, so this review will be based on that experience. Maggiano's is one of my absolute favorite restaurants. Why? Because it's great food, healthy portions, and outstanding value for what you get. I always leave satisfied and the service has always been wonderful. Visited the Santa Ana, CA, Chevy Chase, MD, and Tyson's Corner, VA locations - all the BOMB! My favorites: Rigatoni 'D' Chicken Parmesan - I order this with a side of pasta and meat sauce since the chicken parm does not come with it Apple Crostada Peach Bellini - Now you know I have to have a cocktail with dinner! I've also sampled the spaghetti which is also pretty good. Honestly, I've had better though. Maggiano's is one of the last locations on the strip that offers a classy upscale atmosphere without the pretentiousness and is extremely affordable and family friendly.I highly recommend Maggiano's.
4	For the money you can't go wrong. The food is fresh and tastes like Italian food. No fusion nonsense here. All dishes hot and tasty. Service good. A popular spot for locals and tourists. You can't go wrong for chain Italian.
4	After a long day and nite of work, headed to Maggiano's for a late nite supper.  Small side salad...GOOD...Spaghetti w/ marinara...GOOD...Portions...HUGE...Waiter was really nice too, even though we came late and stayed late.
4	This place is great for a chain restaurant. I have not found many Italian restaurants I like, and my husband is very picky when it comes to Italian food. The service is great and the food is always reliably good. I lived in Vegas for almost 3 years and visited Maggianos at least 15 or 20 times and was never disappointed. We went as a large group with about 25 people when our friends from Boston were all out visiting, and decided to order family style. This was probably not necessary as most of the food went to waste because there was just too much of it. The portions are huge and I usually split a salad app and meal with my husband which is just enough for the both of us with room for dessert (you have to try the profiteroles!)  It's a great place to stop in for dinner before heading over to the Wynn, Encore, Palazzo or Venetian. The view isn't the best, and you usually have to wait 15-20 minutes with a reservation on a Friday or Sat night after 7pm, but compared to other places that isn't bad at all. If there is a Maggianos close to where you live then I would check out all the other places Vegas has to offer, but if not it is a good place to dine.
5	There is no other Italian place (in my opinion) in Las Vegas.  I have been coming here for years every time I come to Vegas.  The only way to do it is family style - you get so much food, and they take such good care of you.  The only problem I have is I eat to much - every time I go and the rest of the night is miserable ... I never learn!! hahah
4	Ate here last night and really enjoyed the food. I tried the crab cakes, which I really enjoyed even though I'm not a big fan of seafood. I had the Chicken and spinach stuffed Manicotti and loved it. The bathrooms were pretty dirty but it was late at night when we went. The service was good and we had a really good time there.
4	Some places wow you with their style and exotic cuisine, others sneak up on you with a little more subtlety. Maggiano's was one of my favorite meals in Las Vegas, because they just made everything easy. First of all, being in a non-smoking restaurant was literally a breath of fresh air. We got to curl up in a cozy booth facing floor to ceiling windows so it was an entirely different vibe from most casino restaurants. It is a chain, but it meant they offered a wide variety of reasonably priced options and our lunch entrees, Chicken Pesto Linguine and Chicken Francese ($11 - 13), were excellent. One of my favorite things to eat in Italy is a fresh arugula salad lightly tossed with oil, but it is hard to find in the U.S. I was thrilled when it came as a side to the Chicken Francese and it brought back so many wonderful memories. From our arrival through the end of service, the staff was professional, prompt and courteous. Portion size was hearty, especially the pasta dish, so we even skipped dinner that night. Not the most exciting choice in town, but sometimes you just want a little comfort food and air, sweet, sweet fresh air.
3	For my mother-in-law's birthday last weekend, my husband planned a big surprise birthday party for her at Maggiano's, which is an old favorite haunt of his.Maggiano's exterior is nothing spectacular considering they're stuck on the second floor of a mall, but once you step out of the elevator you're transported.  Giant crystal chandeliers line the majestic hallways as you pass through the entryway and multiple private dining areas lined with dark wood.  The bar area is dark paneled, well-staffed, and tucked far in the busy back / main dining room.  It was packed when we arrived, but we found seats and ordered cocktails quite easily (though we heard there was a one-hour wait for tables for those without reservations).When our table for 10 was ready we headed over to a corner lot where our group gathered.  It wasn't particularly easy to navigate the space in which they'd placed our party, as they've crammed as many tables in the room as they can and we were situated up against six booths. However, the waiters were quite patient practicing a constant ballet / battle with us while we hugged one another and took photographs (or they just went around the other way).The ambiance inside Maggiano's was so dark, warm, and cozy that I was expecting more from the food.  The calamari that someone ordered as an appetizer was boring, bland, and uninspired.  The spinach salad I ordered was GIANT and tasty; however, I wished I'd stopped there.  Unfortunately my huge vat of gnocci was equally bland and mediocre, and the bread on the tables was stale/hard.  It was so loud and busy in the restaurant (and I was drunk, which I'll get to in a minute) that I didn't even think to ask to try GT's entree (linguini and clams in red sauce) which he said was a good thing, because he hated it (and said that the food was much better a few years ago).The adorable accordian player was a wonderful touch; he played some of our requests at one end of the table (although it was so loud in the restaurant that those on the other end couldn't hear).  Throughout our meal I was shocked that I wasn't drinking my wine; every time I turned to look at my glass I could swear it looked as if I hadn't touched it.Turns out that the stealth waiters were just constantly topping it off, which unfortunately resulted in a disequilibrium in the brain of yours truly, and my evening ended with me trying to get my mother in law to take us to a strip club and arguing with GT's uncle (who'd flown in from Oahu for the occasion) about whether or not boys are hornier than girls.  BAD, SELF, BAD!  Perhaps a waiter asking a gal every now and again if she'd like more wine would help a hypothetically drunk girl manage her evening in a slightly more classy manner.My main gripe, however, was that GT and I had made cupcakes for dessert that spelled out "OH, SHIT, SHE'S 70!" when all lined up properly.  But we brought them in our cupcake pan and the waiter brought them out in the same pan we'd brought them in (though we'd asked that they be put on a large plate).  As a result, they read "OHSH   ITSH  ES70!"  Also, although the kind/patient waiter did light the candles for us, I got the impression that the staff just wrote us off at the end, or perhaps someone in the back was a little ticked off with us for bringing our own dessert.  Regardless of the reason, I thought it very odd that they didn't bring us plates or forks with dessert - we had to hunch over the table and eat cupcakes over the tiny cupcake wrappers, carefully trying not to spill crumbs everywhere, which is not so easy to do when you're drunk on Maggiono's bottomless glass of wine.
5	Ate here for my last meal during my Las Vegas trip and I am pleased to report that it was a great decision. My mom, sister, and I walked on over here from the Wynn and after a few hours of shopping, we were pretty stoked to eat. The salad was a bit heavy on the dressing, but my lasagna was a delicious monster of a thing that went straight into my belly. Also, they give FREE BREAD. Nothing beats free bread.
5	Have been for lunch and dinner and have not been disappointed. Looking forward to more visits. They make my favorite pasta dish (spaghetti with red clam sauce) here and it certainly did not let me down. So much flavor. The bread served when you sit down is fresh and delicious, and was made even better with the oil and vinegar blend served alongside (the italian way, no butter necessary). Service was excellent and the food was hot and fresh.Atmosphere and music were just what you would expect from a fine Italian restaurant.No complaints here.
5	Honestly, why have I not found this chain sooner!?Maggiano's was my favorite place of my Vegas trip. I must admit, it was slightly biased- I was part of an organization, and the organization catered the food.. so I had, literally, had a TON of food. Nonetheless, it was the best way to try the food!First, the appetizers came out. After having the appetizers, I was pretty set on making that my lunch! There was bruschetta, tomato caprese, two types of salad, but my favorite was the stuffed mushrooms. OH MAN, SO GOOD. I was trying to be all professional at this lunch, but all I really wanted to do was to just take the plate of mushrooms and eat off the plate. It was so juicy and flavorful! Next, came the actual entrees. After filling up on the mushrooms and good salads, I was about stuffed already. The entrees were all really good as well! There was the Four Cheese ravioli (mmm, def was one of my faves!), herb chicken, pork medallions (also, one of my faves!), some pasta + vodka dish, and some great tasting beef. It was all really really good.What really topped the meal off (well, any meal for all I'm concerned about) was the DESSERTS. First, these gigantic profiteroles came out, made out of huge biscuits and lots of ice cream. But, my favorite of all time came out.. the tiramisu!! As tiramisu is my all time favorite dessert, I had high expectations of this dessert.. and it was met. It was the right amount of lightness and the cheese was just right.. I was in heaven. Our waiter was great as well, explaining every item he brought out and was prompt on filling our drinks. He even answered nicely to all my curious questions of, "so... what exactly is that? What is it cooked in?" etc. Perhaps my view was slightly biased as I did not even have to pay for this lunch, but all I know, is the food was GREAT, and I would love to find a Maggiano's close to me! Mmm. :)
3	In Vegas for 1/2 marathon and looking for the required pre-race pasta dinner. Didn't think to check for reservations earlier and most places are booked. Went back to an old favorite and they had reservations available. I had the spaghetti with meat sauce and sausage. Huge portions. Nothing spectacular, but very tasty and filling. Husband had seafood pasta (can't recall name), which he really liked. We closed with the cheesecake. Mmmm.
4	One star for great prices. The second star for great food. We started out with bread which I thought was very fresh. The Calamari appetizer that we ordered came out fairly fast and was really good. The four cheese ravioli was fairly good and I am very picky when it comes to eating ravioli. It could have been better with more sauce. The third star is for the price which isn't bad. The fourth star goes to the atmosphere which i thought was very clean and well decorated. Minus one star for the long wait for the table and not enough waiters.
4	Not the 5 stars because it could be a bit less expensive, a bit at least.But the food, OMG, the food..... have the lobster+crab+etc fettucinni, it was soooooooooo good, the portions huge, really huge.I hope I could eat there again tonight.
4	I've only been here once and it was delicious!I was staying in Vegas and got tired of eating at the casinos so my friend and I drove around looking for a place to eat when we saw a sign for Maggiano's.  He had been to one in LA before so we gave this one a try.  We were seated right away and, being the klutz that I normally am, I spilled my water all over the table.  Our waiter was super nice and friendly and joked around about it (aka he teased me).  He brought us bread right away and when I spilled water on that, he brought us another basket without us having to ask! I ordered the garlic shrimp linguine and my friend ordered the braised beef canneloni.  We both loved our meals but I think I filled up on bread so I couldn't finish.  We didn't have room in tiny mini fridge in our hotel room so we didn't take home any leftovers; our waiter seemed almost hurt by our almost full plates of food.  I usually don't like creamy sauces but my pasta was very delicious and flavorful and the shrimp was cooked perfectly (I find that with pasta, the shrimp is often overcooked).  The decor was excellent and everything looked very clean.  I didn't expect much from a restaurant on the second floor of a mall but it was amazing.  I will definitely try and come back here.
5	This place was pretty impressive. The GF and I received a gift card as a gift so we decided to go check it out a couple weeks ago.  It was packed as we went on a Friday night, but after the experience, you can see why it was so busy. Great food, great drink menu, and the best service I've ever received. Our waiter, M. (I'm not sure if it's polite to mention names even if he was awesome) is probably the best waiter in Las Vegas: polite, charming, and honest. So many times waiters are told to say "everything is the best". When asked about dishes and wines that were not his favorite he would say that they were fine but he would really recommend Dish X or Wine Y. It helped a lot that his recommendations were spot on and he wasn't just trying to pad the final bill; a lot of his recommendations were cheaper than what we had first asked aboutAs mentioned, even though this place had a packed house none of the waiters or waitresses seemed rushed or hurried. The food was cooked perfectly, the view was amazing, and the experience was perfect. The GF puts this in her 'Top Three Favorite Restaurants' category. To directly quote her, "I love it!".  I can't believe that this place is a chain. The set up is so nice; dark hardwood, dim lights, beautiful glassware.. It seems so against the whole 'Here's what corporate sent in a box, let's go throw this crap on the wall'. Easily a new favorite. If you happen to get a male waiter whose name starts with the letter 'M', be prepared. You might just get the best waiter in Vegas.
1	average of 4 stars WHY!!!! we were sat down by some fat little waiter who looked pissed off that he had to work for a living (sorry dude but you suck). he placed oil and balsamic into a dish but seemed to give 3 tables out of the seven around him bread (thank god he didnt do the feeding of the 5000, 3574 of them would have died of starvation) i ordered one of the 'specials' chicken and mushroom lasagne. my experience of a lasagne is that it should be roasting hot straight out of the oven with the cheese bubbling proper italian food. this was slightly warm at best and definately cooked previously frozen and reheated in a microwave POOR! so in all food crap and service even crapper.
5	My husband and I love to take the family to Maggiano's when we're in Las Vegas.  The food is amazing but be sure to bring your appetite!  It's family style so it's obviously huge but the portions here seem to be exceptionally large - even for family style. The stuffed mushroom appetizer, the caesar salads and the linguine/clams in red sauce are my recommendations. The service at this restaurant is amazing, as well. My drink was never  empty, they timed each course perfectly so that I was never with too little or too much food at my table and my leftovers were whisked away and returned in cute little brown packages before I had time to even notice they were gone.  Great experience!The restaurant is, also, on a great part of the strip so you can walk off all the food you just ate while taking in the sights.
4	We went at around 6pm on a weeknight.  There was a 15-20 minute wait for a table for 4 but there was no wait for the tables at the bar so we opted for this.  Service was excellent.  The portions were very large for the price -- the full size pastas came in 8"-9" casserole dishes and about 3" deep.  Everyone at the table was satisfied with their dishes (fettuccine alfredo, baked ziti and sausage, some type of seafood pasta -- it was on the Little Italy Favorites menu).  I ordered the eggplant parmesan which I wasn't too fond of.  I found it to be too breaded and mushy, not what I'm used to.  Otherwise, great atmosphere, great prices.  There was even a wedding party at the table next to ours!
5	I know this place is a chain restaurant but that doesn't stop it from having delicious food! As you would expect from any decent Italian place the prices are a little high and being right in the fashion show mall doesn't help. Overall the food is great and the atmosphere is what you expect for what your paying. Now for my favorite part about this place. They have something called a Family style dinner. To order this you are required a party of 4. The cost is about $35 per person and completely worth it! This includes the following: two appetizers,two salads, two pastas, two entrees and a desert. Now you might be thinking wow that's a rip off? BUT WAIT there is more to this then meets the eye. All the items have to be selected off the pre-build family menu BUT the portions are UNLIMITED!! for instance if you order 2 appetizers and you greatly enjoy them tell the server and he will bring you another order of them. Same goes with the salad, pasta and everything else. The kicker here is that you ALSO get to take home your leftovers!I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Italian food! My personal favorite dish is the following.Four Cheese Ravioli +Ravioli stuffed with ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella, and provolone filling sprinkled with house cheese, then browned in the oven and served in pesto-alfredo cream sauce with a touch of marinara. It is AMAZING! It also always puts a smile on my face :)
5	After a long hard day of shopping, I wandered upstairs to a restaurant called Maggiano's.  I am so happy I did!  The restaurant itself sounded familiar but I knew I had never dined there before.  Our server Daniel was very attentive and personable, it was my first visit to Las Vegas so he pointed out many things that we could do in our spare time.  This restaurant had a great view.  You could see Las Vegas Blvd, people shopping, or other diners just like me.  Everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their experience at Maggiano's and we were definitely enjoying ourselves!We started our dining experience with the Bruschetta.  It was definitely some of the best bruschetta I have ever had.  I make a pretty killer bruschetta and I was extremely impressed with shredded chunks of parmesan covering the top of the bruschetta.  Splendido!!  The bruschetta was served on Italian Garlic Bread that was topped with a tomato bruschetta relish made of tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, and roasted garlic.We also ordered: the Chopped Salad, the Tuscan Sausage & Orzo Soup, and the Fettuccine Alfredo.  The Chopped Salad was very good.  I ordered it without green onions.  The salad ingredients were iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese, avocado, and prosciutto tossed in a house dressing.  Most of the items on the menu, they give you the option to order half or the full portion.  Believe me when I say half is plenty when you want to eat more than just one thing.  I ordered the whole chopped salad and it was really big.  The Tuscan Sausage & Orzo Soup contained italian sausage, fennel, white beans and tomatoes.  It was really tasty.  The Fettuccine Alfredo was delicious!  It was prepared with broccoli and garlic in a creamy alfredo sauce.  We only ordered the half portion of that as well and it was really large.Overall my experience at Maggiano's was great from start to finish.  Our waters were never left empty, and our server was always around if we needed anything.  It seemed like all the servers we saw there were on top of their game waiting tables because you never saw a table that needed anything that they couldn't ask the server for.If you around the Fashion Show Mall and you spot Maggiano's on the 2nd floor, you should definitely wander up there and grab a bite to eat because I assure you it will be worth it.  I will definitely wander back into a Maggiano's even if its not in Las Vegas.Cheers and Enjoy!
5	Loved it!! My wife and I were both VERY pleased with our dinners and our time here at Maggiano's.  We had about a 15 minute wait for a table, which was no big deal.  Once seated we were greeted by our server.  A kind Italian man, who was very efficient.  This place was extremely clean with a wonderful atmosphere.  This may be a chain, but I didn't know that until reading reviews before I posted my own.  They do not come off as a chain restaurant to me.  Now compare them to Olive Garden....Not really anything to compare!!  Maggiano's takes it hands down.  The food was rich and tasty.  Salad was decent size, with an amazing dressing that had a touch of spiciness.  I ordered a glass of wine  as did my wife and the bill came to around $60.  Definitely worth the money!!  We will be back when we return to Vegas.
4	We took the kids to Vegas for Spring Break last week.  Yeah, I know.  Why the hell would anyone want to go to Vegas with minors?  Ask my wife.  Anyway, we needed to find a place with food that was better than McDonald's for the adults and would appeal to our kids and not bankrupt us.I had the nifty Yelp app on my new, handy dandy Crackberry and it pointed us to Maggiano's.  The app provided many positive Yelp reviews ( of dubious value as usual), a web address and phone number enabling me to call and make a reservation and a map feature that helped us find the place with ease.We were seated promptly upon arrival and the waiter was very kind to my wife and I in spite of the antics of my three little darlings.  It can be a royal pain to take care of families at a nice restaurant with tablecloths and wine glasses but the service was very good.The have a full kids menu from which our children were able to choose something they liked.  My wife had some chicken pesto pasta dish which was tasty and I ordered chicken francesca, which was supposedly inspired by the Italian cuisine from St, Louis.  Having become intimately familiar with St. Louis Italian cuisine over the years I think that was a reach but nonetheless my dinner was very good-especially for a chain.  The price was very reasonable and I would love to dine here again but I'm not planning to go to Vegas again in the near future and unfortunately the closest franchise is in Orange County.  Perhaps they'll open a San Diego location some day.
4	excellent Italian dining in Vegas. They have some great pasta and chicken dishes and a decent selection of wines, but an ok selection of desserts. We went here about 3 years ago and wanted a nice dinner after watching "KA" and it was a nice walk to get there and we only waited about 20 mins. We got seats near the window with a wonderful view of the Vegas strip. If you're gonna compare chain Italian restaurants, "Maggiano's" little Italy is much better than "Olive Garden". I recommend going here to finish off a nice romantic night in Vegas.
3	We went here for a business lunch. The atmosphere was really nice and bright and felt very appropriate for a power lunch. Prices were pretty reasonable. *Hot bread - highlight of the meal! *Chopped salad - the "crispy pancetta" was bacon bits, ick, otherwise not a bad salad*For my entree I got the roasted chicken with "crispy potatoes and green beans". Everything on the plate was soggy, tasteless and gross. I realize one shouldn't order roasted chicken at an Italian place, hence why this place gets 3 stars instead of 2!!Overall not a bad place to dine on the strip but with so many fabulous options in Vegas it's hard for me to endorse this place. Boring and corporate come to mind. For Italian I prefer Nora's.
3	Place- Nice, spacious great place for a meal. They have private rooms in the back. Clean and bright. They have outside seating. Menu- The lunch specials are not bad. The dinner menu was pretty big. I saw the portions for dinner and they were huge. We ordered the stuff mushrooms as an appetizer and they came to our table in 5 minutes. A little too fast if you ask me. I hope they were not sitting under a heat lamp. Fettuccine in lobster sauce was pretty good. Chicken picatte fed two people just fine. The creamy chicken and potato soup was awesome. Next time, I will order a bowl. Service - The service was good. Our waiter, however, wouldn't shut up. Don't you hate it when they keep trying to talk to you and just  go a bit too overboard and waaay too personal with the conversation. It was comment after comment. I could not really enjoy the  time with my friends. At first I felt bad but then I realized that he was borderline flirting with my girl friends. Especially in the end when my friend was trying to get out the booth and he extended his hand an exclaimed " need some help miss"? My friend politely said "no thank you". While I was thinking in my head "WHAT A PERVERT". To be honest, he probably gets off by touching women any chance he gets. Minus one star for the server that wouldn't shut up.
4	It seems like we end up eating here every time we come to Vegas. This time was a little different because we brought out 2-year old son. I tried to be respectful of the other people eating, so when I made the reservation I requested a table in a far corner of the restaurant. We get there and get seated and they put us at the table in the main dining area in the corner right next to the window that overlooks Wynn. We have eaten at this exact same table before, but not with a baby. Anyway we decided to stay and have a wonderful meal. The waitress was very helpful with my son, from making sure he had a cup with a lid to bringing us extra straws for him to chew on. The food was great like every other time we went. I had some type of pasta with Lobster all up in it. DAMN it was good. I savored every bite. Everyone else in our party loved the food as well. Even when my son screamed a little, it didn't seem to bother anyone else sitting around us. That may have been because we were there for reservations at 5pm and we were there for an hour and a half or so. So many of the dinner people probably would not have started getting there for another hour or so. Great time again Maggianos, I have a feeling we will be back next time.
5	This place is awesome. I never miss a chance to dine there every time I am in Vegas.Our last dinner there was for New Year's eve 2009. I had never ordered family style....be ready for pregnancy pants :-)They serve an incredible amount of food...great food. The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.Ordering family is style is great when you're a large party (4 or more). The choice is limitless. For fewer people, I would recommend a la carte.My very favorite dish is the braised beef cannelloni....The beef and sauce are divine (it's better ordered a la carte than family style as it comes piping hot from the oven rather than on a large plate for everyone to share)Their spinach salad and Maggiano steak salad are both great.Don't miss the lasagna too and the Apple crostada (so buttery).Maggiano, please open another location in the Bay Area closer to SF or in the East Bay. San Jose is too far!! What about Walnut Creek??
4	When 8 people can eat dinner with drinks for $50 a head on the Strip, you've got yourself a great deal.Food is above average - not quite authentic but WAY above Olive Garden.Service was great, and they were able to seat our party at 6:00 for 8 ppl without a reservation.Be warned - you will be stuffed!!!
5	This restaurant has a very classy bar area, clean bathrooms, wonderful patio and helpful staff.We were waited on by a young guy named Robert who attended to my friend and I wonderfully.  I haven't had service this courteous and prompt in years.My friend had the "San Francisco" lobster linguine but replaced the linguine with wheat penne.  It was SO tasty!I had the "Chicago-style" pasta.  It was bland and uneventful.  I even told our waiter but what can they do?The bread we ate while we waited was fresh and tasty.  The real value to this place is the Italian dining-like experience on the strip without the large price tag.  I believe there were many lunch offerings for 12-15 dollars and there are a bunch of patio tables to take in the fresh air.It was all but empty inside but this might be a classy dining experience for couples during the evening.
3	This place would be a B for me.The food is great, not excellent but worth the price you pay for.The best aspect of this restaurant is the beautiful ambiance and the big portions. Although i love Olive Garden, Maggianos is much more authentic Italian food. My usual entrees here are the Lasagna, the Rigatoni D, and the Calamari;] Yum Some of their entrees are good but I've realized that most the white based sauces could taste a little bland along with other pastas, but maybe it just comes down to preference.Also while you're there take advantage of their delicious bread, we had like 3 rounds when we were there and they provide this dip that has olive oil and balsamic vinegar? not sure. But regardless if you want to eat good italian food with a nice view of the strip, you should consider going to Maggianos!great for big groups, families, and dates:]
4	Yum Yum Yum pretty much sums up my Maggiano's experience. I went for a wedding reception which allowed me to sample many appetizers and entrees. I was not disappointed in any of them. The highlights were the breaded zucchini which was so crunchy and flavorful. There was a spinach salad that tasted like a party in my mouth, with bits of creamy cheese and pancetta bits. The entrees were equally gratifying, my faves were the salmon on a bed of spinach (cooked to absolute perfection) and the raviolis in a pesto cream sauce. The Chicken Parmesan was also a front runner, the chicken breasts were pounded so thin, yet still juicy and moist. I will definitely venture back to this gem in the mall!!!
2	All the food here is just really unremarkable based on my visit.  Nothing special, everything seems just unoriginal and aimed at middle of the road palates, not creating anything exceptional or memorable.
1	The Bartender was rude and if I wasn't with my family I would have thrown my drink in his face.Actually I wanted to do a lot more, but i figured a true review would hurt them most.  DONT GO!
4	I love this place. The enviroment, decor and food. Gnocchi in tomato vodka sauce and Chicken pesto are my favorite.. Clam with linguine was just a mediocre. It's a place I would go once or twice a month.
5	Came to Vegas and had dinner here, there was no wait, the waiter had a sense of humor and always asked twice if we needed anything and if we were sure. I love love love Maggiano's!! Their pastas are to die for, espeically the Rigatoni "D" and Chicken Pesto Linguine. The entire restaurant was a bit dark, but it sure did make dinner feel relaxing. I would recommend dressing business casual as this is on the Strip, and to bring an appetite as well. YUMMMM.The breakdown:Food: AAtmosphere: AService: A
3	I love the Maggiano's in my home town, so I thought why not in vegas!? It's right across from my hotel and I know the food is awesome.Everything was great until we walked back to our hotel and took a nap. We all woke up feeling super sick. But lemme talk about the actual experience in the restaurant. It was a super long wait for 5pm but we got hooked up and passed the line. We were seated and everything was brought in a timely manner. The food was the same as always and it wasn't better or worse than any other Maggiano's I've been to except for the part where we all got sick. Oh well.
4	My buddies and I decided to eat here while all of us suffered from hangovers.  The delicious food here will restore your apetite from whatever came back out from the previous night.  The family style is a great way to enjoy the meal.  They provide a lot of food for their prices.We started with the potato soup which relly jump started my apetite.  It's rich, creamy, and flavorful.  Next up was the Beef Braciole.  This dish was quite interesting.  The texture was weird yet it was edible (may have been my hangover dulling my senses).  I can't quite remember the name of the next dish, but it was a spicy spaghetti and meat balls, I believe.  The spiciness brought back all my senses and pretty much kicked me out of my intoxicated state.  You can never go wrong with spaghetti and meatballs.  We also had the Rigatoni "D".  The chicken was tender and the protein gave me energy for more partying.  They gave us enough food to take back to the hotel and have for dinner.  If you love Italian food and pastas, this place would be a place to stop by.
2	Two stars for the low quality of food.My friends and i decided to spend our last dinner in vegas at Maggianos. It was a short walk from our hotel and we wanted some REAL food after nights of bingeing on whatever we can get our hands on after the clubs. It is definitely on the expensive side where a half order of pasta will be around 11-17 bucks while a full order will cost you 20+. They do encourage family style for tables of 4+, but i think the cheapest family style was still around 20 a person. Out of the four of us we ordered: spaggetti with meatballs, lobster alfredo, fettucini alfredo and linguine with clams. All of the dishes were tasteless. I had to drown my linguine with claims with half the bottle of salt  and all my friends did too. Maybe the chef forgot about the salt??  Idk, although the pasta were tasteless, the seafood was fresh and the bread was pretty good too. Meh, I've experienced better is the perfect description for this place.
4	I'm a huge fan and love everything about Maggiano's. Decided to take the family as part of our Vegas Birthday weekend getaway. It was my sons 21st and wanted to make it special. Probably a little much for my kids (Young Adults). They are of the Vegas Buffet Breed. But they agreed to check it out.  Had a reservation and asked for the Best table in the house overlooking the Vegas Strip. Dinner was in typical Maggiano style. Hot, Full of Flavor, Huge in serving size just perfect. I would say the only down side was service. Granted the place was full and the it was a Vegas Friday night. Had to ask for water, drinks, rolls, the basics.  The server was not on his game at all. Shame normaly the staff goes above and beyond. Still we had a great dinner and I will be going back to my own local Maggiano's (Woodland Hills) hopefully soon.
4	Great food and great service.  Perfect for groups with their family style plates.  Deep fried zucchini is a must.
5	I made a reservation on open table and parking was really close and easy. We were seated right away and were blown away by the family style option. Two appetizers, two, salads, two pastas, two entrees and two desserts..all of it is unlimited refills. really awesome food, good wine, nice atmosphere, exceptional service. I will dream about this meal.
4	Great ziti and sausage.
3	Service was iffy. We dd the "light family" buffet, which included 2 appetizers, 2 salad, 2 pasta choices and lemon cookies. We ordered the calamari with warm mainara sauce and stuffed mushrooms. For the salad we ordered the Cesar and Chopped (bacon pieces, nano bits of avocado, tomato, and greens). As for the pastas, we ordered chicken linguini and another one, which I forgot. Initially the purpose of doing the family style buffet was to get the unlimited refills, but our waiter was quite stingy with it. Hmm, overall verdict?? After going on a strict heavy pasta diet, I wasn't really a big fan of this heavy strict pasta meal. Maybe one day I'll give it another shot and the ratings will be better.
2	I don't see what the big deal is about this place. Yeah the view is nice and all but the food is pretty average at best. We both had the crab cakes and they were horrible! And the service sucks. We were pretty much ignored the whole time during our meal after the food came. The bartenders kept giving a women who was all ready clearly drunk more drinks. And she fell on her face right in front of our table and almost knocked it over with no apology from management.I should've gone to The Capital Grille instead.
5	We love Maggianos and eat here every time were in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is as great as the food and the pricing . I would highly recommend making a reservation, we use opentable.
4	Quick Tip: Great Italian food :) has a small banquet room in the back, too.A friend of mine recently got married and had his reception here. We came in through the back of the restaurant and I was amazed at how beautiful it looked. The hallways were decorated with vintage looking furniture, and the reception hall itself was beautiful. It had a big windown that you can see part of the Las Vegas strip from. Lots of light.The dinner was sit-down buffet style. We had three courses: Appetizer, Main course and dessert. The food was awesome, most especially because there was only one dish with tomatoes! This was a special Italian restaurant and I was so happy to be able to try all their food.The salad was excellent: fresh lettuce, blue cheese and dressing. There were two types, but I didn't get to taste the other one. The calamari was really good, too.The cheese ravioli was a big hit at our table. Something so simple was so delicious, and felt so light in your mouth. There was chicken florentine, a steak with mushroom and then eggplant parmesian. I heard that this one was the best dish out of the main course, but i couldn't sample it. Guess why? :PThe dessert was cheesecake with strawberries, as well as a fruit plate with pineapples, honeydew, cantaloupes, grapes, strawberries, watermelons. Fresh. everything just tasted so fresh.The best part of this dinner was that we found out that this reception place was a restaurant towards the front entrance. There is a full bar, and it looked like really efficient servers. They were all polite, too. This is a place to definitely check out if you aren't interested in buffets, or just want to sample a different type of life with Vegas. Definitely a great atmosphere, with great food...and even better with great friends and family.
5	Maggiano's is delicious Italian food at prices that won't break the bank. It's a nice atmosphere without being pretentious. The fried zucchini is delicious (they used to have asparagus that was even better), the family style menu is awesome, and the desserts are to die for.They also have a great happy hour M-F 4-6:30 & Sun-Th. 8:45-10:45 with discounted drinks and app's.Tonight I had Baked Ziti, and it was perfect!
3	Came here for a late Sunday lunch so it was not tough to get in, we just got sat right away.For appetizers we were able to try the stuffed mushrooms, which were juicy and filled with breadcrumbs, spinach, and garlic. Not the best, but definitely good enough to eat a couple of!For lunch I ordered the Chicken and Truffle Tortellaci. It was $14, large pieces of fresh looking  pasta stuffed with boiled, shredded chicken and some cheese. The sauce was a white wine cream sauce so it had some flavor. Didn't really pick up much on the truffle, but then again the asiago cheese could have interfered with that...There was also fresh chopped tomatoes that had a little flavor, and "smoked Nueske ham" which was chopped up also. Overall it was an enjoyable and safe lunch dish. Nothing revolutionary, but definitely a step above Olive garden.I did also get to try the mushroom ravioli which had an excellent mushroom flavor-I'm betting some porcini even. The cream sauce was very mild and the ravioli was a nice texture. Nice veggie option.Our server was very polite and informative, he kept our drinks filled and had our food coming out at the right times. He was lacking some finesse maybe but hey, what more can you ask for, it's Sunday afternoon probably right at shift change. I know how it goes man...
5	Good food at a reasonable price in a very comfortable setting overlooking the strip.
4	Love Maggianos! Great italian food has never tasted so good. Portions are large so be sure to eat family style. We took our 1 1/2 old daughter and she even loved the place. Seating can be really busy but don't worry as the food makes up for it! Prices are reasonable and not over the board so it's definitely a place to visit. Great location in the middle of the strip and at the mall!
4	Normally, as a Vegas resident, the last place you go for a good time to drink is the Strip. Sure, it's great for all those vacationing there. But if you live there, you know that you can save the Strip for the tourists. Maggiano's Little Italy is the exception to this.The happy hour is one of the best that I've experienced in Las Vegas. Boasting $2.50 appetizers and well drinks with $3 premium drinks and beers. This place is a great place to stop after work. You have to get there somewhat early or be forced to wait outside. The dining area is a bit cramped. But it's best just to situate yourself at the bar.The appetizers are tasty and not of your typical bar flair. I usually favored the calamari and tomato mozzarella. Free Italian bread with Vinaigrette sauce make it even more delectable. All the better to wash down the drinks with. With the main dining so close and the tunes of classic jazz standards overhead the ambiance can be busy. But it never seemed to escalate over a dull roar. So keeping conversation is never a problem. Along the walls are classic pictures of "Old Vegas" and it's easy to get stopped along the way to the restrooms and take in these old photos as if you were in a museum. The bartenders pour a mean drink and remember the locals well. This isn't an easy feat when you serve as many drinks as these guys do. Each bartender has their "specialty" drink but don't push it down your throat. Ask bartender "Chris" about his Poma-tini. It's a pomegranate flavored martini that is refreshing, smooth, and very drinkable.Sadly, I've never had a full fledged meal there. The happy hour was always enough for us. I have indulged in a slice of the cheesecake, which gives the Original Cheesecake Factory a run for it's money. The filling was smooth and creamy and the strawberry topping tart and sweet. And the best part was the price. Only $5 for this massive chunk. Maggiano's Little Italy inside the Fashion Show Mall is outstanding and I recommend this place to any friends who are visiting.The only think keeping this place from a Five Star Rating is the fact that it does get very busy and sometimes the bartenders tend to lose track of you. Four Stars for:Great dealsStrong drinksSuper HourTasty appetizers
4	This was my first visit to this restaurant. The decor is nicely appointed; classy yet not ostentatious. The wait staff was young but knowledgeable, friendly and helpful but never intrusive. I had the linguine di mare which was perfectly prepared. It was mildly spicy and contained a nice mixture of lobster, shrimp, mussels and clams. Though I found it very generous with the lovely shrimp, I found it less than generous with the lobster - I found one small piece on my plate. The clams and mussels were tasty but rather small. One of my companions had the seared tuna which he very much enjoyed. The portion was large and was cooked perfectly medium rare with an ideal 1/8 inch seared thickness all around and a rare center. My other companion had the Parmesan crusted tilapia. It was well cooked and tasty. We accompanied our dinner with a bottle of their nice house chianti. For dessert, the three of us shared a generous and quite delicious order of the cannoli cake. With two rounds of drinks and tip, the bill was $240 for the three of us. A very enjoyable experience well suited to a special occasion.
4	For a great Italian meal and an affordable price on the strip, this is the place.  I have come here for a meal every time I am in Vegas for something a little more affordable.  The great thing is the quality of food and service makes you not miss the pricey hotel restaurants.On my most recent trip, my wife and I made reservations early afternoon for that night.  Our past couple of visits without reservations we had to wait for a table once we got to the restaurant.  This time we were seated right away.  The restaurant was busy for a Tuesday night, but not as busy as we had seen it before.  My wife got the Chicken Parmesan, which is a classic and delicious. I got the mushroom ravioli, which were also quite delicious.The service was exceptional.  Our food arrived quickly and our waiter was friendly and helpful.  For me, this place is a must on every trip to Vegas.
4	I haven't gone to a Maggiano's in a long time, first time in the Vegas location too.  I made a reservation on the phone for 6:30pm, we got there by 6pm so I asked them if we could be seated.  They were still pretty empty at that time except at the bar where they had happy hour so they sat us in a nice booth seat.  Our waitress wasn't particularly friendly but she did provide good service overall.  She didn't go over the specials either but no problem since I can read it myself.  Ordered the half order spinach salad (I always forget to ask them to leave the dressing on the side.  Did it again this time too and they put way too much).  I remember it tasting a little better but it's probably because there was too much dressing.  I do love my grilled veggies and bacon in it though.  Also ordered the calamari.  It was okay but I wish the marinara was spicy because it tasted kind of plain.  The warm bread with the olive oil and balsamic was yummy.  I only ordered two pastas for three people (waitress said all their dishes are now "half order" sized).  Thank goodness I did too because the portions were still pretty big, plus I was already more than half-full from the appetizers and bread.  Got the pesto chicken linguine and the seafood linguine.  The pesto chicken linguine had a ton of pesto, a little too much but when I reheated it the next day, it was so good.  The seafood linguine had a good amount of seafood and the tomato sauce kept it from getting heavy.  We took back over 2/3 of each of the pasta dishes because we were too full by then, even for dessert.  Although the waitress wasn't talkative with us, she refilled our water, checked up on us, and gave me two little rolls of ciabatta breads when I asked her to box the few pieces left to go along with our pastas.  Good service and she was well rewarded with a nice tip.
4	I've been to Maggiano's several times in CA, but this was my first time in LV.The food was good as always. The fettucini alfredo was the best I've ever had. My sister's chicken parmigiana was pretty tasty too. Again, definitely should share your plates!What I loved most about this location was that it's right on the strip, and if you get a table by the window, you get a spectacular view of the Wynn across the street and all the bright lights of the strip. Perfect location for a romantic dinner.
4	Very predictable and reliable.  My husband and I have dined at Maggiano's in San Jose (Santana Row) near our house several times and also in Orlando Florida.  We decided for our last night in Vegas we wanted something affordable, reliable and relatively quick- we had show tickets and had gotten back late from our tour.The Concierge at Encore called to get us a reservation and we were seated right at our reservation time (we got there early just in case), but we had plenty of time without feeling rushed.  We ordered the mozzarella appetizer, which was delicious.  Husband has his green salad and of course the fresh bread with oil and balsamic vinegar is a huge hit!   An affordable bottle of wine to share and for entrees, my fish loving husband actually ordered the beef tips!  He said they were wonderful and they came with mashed potatoes with shoestring onion ring crisps- bit he was too full to eat the sides.   I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and it was delicious! We passed again on dessert- simply no room because the food during dinner was plentiful!     The location is very central- right on the corner of the strip across from the Wynn hotel- which was perfect for us considering we were staying at Encore and had tickets to the show at Wynn.    We would definitely go back again!
4	Had a group of 24, which is big even in Vegas. Treated us very well, fairly fast service and the portions were HUGE. Could not believe that if you finished a dish, they would keep bringing more out. All you can eat with a restaurant atmosphere.
3	Tasty food, but waaaaaaaaaaaaay to much salt.  We got there around 730pm and were told to wait 30-40 min for a table.  They gave us a buzzer, so we went and sat next door.  After about 45 min, we went up to the counter and asked how much longer our table would be.  The hostess checked their list and looked a little flustered... as if our name magically disappeared.  She immediately seated us.  Our server was pretty good at first.  I got the "famous" rigatoni D, while my bf got the beef cannelloni.  Both our dishes were very very salty.  For the beef cannelloni, they were very generous with the beef, very sparse on the pasta, and the carrots were undercooked and very crunchy.  My rigatoni was a very big portion, but so salty I ended up drinking all my water for half the dish.  This brings me to my second qualm...  once we got our dishes, our server went MIA.  It seemed like everyone around us with bigger parties had very good service, while we waited and waited for him to even acknowledge us.  We had to ask for water and even then it took 5 min to get it.  Overall, I'd say the restaurant was overpriced (we ended up spending $45 on just those two entrees) and overhyped.  Would I eat here again?  Maybe if someone were treating... and only if I have a full glass of water!
4	Went back again. Sat at the bar with a friend from Long Island, NY. We had a sensational dinner. Not good, but great. It's basic Italian food. Wine is reasonably priced. Same wine across the street at the Wynn is literally double per bottle.
4	If you'd like a light lunch - don't come here - one serve of a main pasta dish will feed a family of 4 for a month!!Serving sizes aside, the food is pretty good; heaps of flavour, fresh herbs and all that good stuff.Try the specialty flatbreads - kinda like a small pizza with some superb combinations on top (we had the margharita (sp) with tiny tomatoes, basil and the addition of spicy sausage.There are plenty of wines by the glass including an Oz wine or 2.Nice place overlooking the strip, and being right down one end it doesn't seem to be as over-subscribed as some.
5	We had our wedding reception here.  Let me tell you, after shopping the hotels for receptions we knew this was the place for us.  We spoke with Marc, the event person and he showed us their private rooms.  Since we had about 90 people attending, it was very affordable.  The menu we choose was a family style 3-course meal with appetizers.  Since we had some older people attending the family style service was great.  It was all you can eat, but they served everything at the tables so no buffet type of lines.  Everything was done through email and a few phone calls and it was done.  Cassie, the second in charge for catering was extremely helpful.Shop around, but the food is second to none and the service staff during the reception were very professional and friendly.  If you have any type of event in Vegas, check this place out.  You can't beat the prices and the food is awesome!!
5	You're probably wondering, why would anyone go to Maggiano's during their Vegas trip?  Hey, I love Maggiano's and when you know there's a good place to eat (whether it's Vegas, Boston, Philly, etc) you stick to it!As always, they never disappoint me.  I ordered the same stuff as I always do- their mussels for appetizer and of course, I always order chicken and spinach manacotti, which is yummy.  I stayed at MGM but I walked all the way over to fashion mall, just to eat at Maggianos and no regrets, b/c it was totally worth it!!!!
5	Loved it! Good atmosphere, great fooooood! oh and the dessert! yes. Now.. there was a odd conversation we overheard about a guy who was name dropping a whole bunch, as if he was some high roller, other than that, loved the restaurant, service and food!
4	This place was sooo close to getting 5 stars. However, one thing changed my mind. I had a reservation in the lunch hours, and I was on time and on my reservation notes, I proposed a booth. It wasn't ready when I got there so we had to take a timer and stand around.30 minutes later we got the booth, and it was facing outside which was a good view. This is the only reason it didn't get 5 stars. The booth took way to long to get and even when I put it for in advance.The server was nice and quick, and explained the menu just right. The food was amazing! I love italian food and decided to go with lasagna, and it was hot and fresh tasting. It wasn't a loud place and was very clean. I wil love to come back to try something else on the menu.
4	Its been a few years since I ate here and I was shopping and hungry so there ya go. It was about 12 on a Sunday. No wait for a table. They sat me and my little guy down at a nice table in the corner.I ordered a very tasty raspberry iced tea and had one of the specials. it was a crap and sweet shrimp fondue with several toasty wedges to scoop up the fondue. Ryder had the angel hair pasta with olive oil and cheese sprinkled on it.We both dug right in when it arrived..which it did very fast. I would give this 5 stars but the server let my tea run out and didnt refill it for about 10minutes after it was empty. Not a huge deal but the tea was really good and I would have drank 3 glasses of it..but I had 2.She was also a bit slow with getting us the check and bringing me the change. I will have to let that slide tho since the food was top notch.
4	Another affordable dining spot on the Strip for those times when you've just bet everything on red and it's 27 black.Fare is solid American-Italian in a spacious dining room on the second floor of Fashion Show mall. The Linguine di Mare is the stuff of my foodie dreams: linguine noodles (the best kind) in a spicy tomato sauce (not spicy enough for me) smothered in seafood goodness like plump, juicy shrimp, mussels, clams and lobster. My only regret was I had to leave some of the pasta behind or risk blowing chunks atop the Stratosphere after (stupid stomach that's sensitive to stupid spinning)!My boyfriend's Lobster Carbonara could solve world hunger. There was so much of it! It was creamy deliciousness bathed in lobster groupies. Yuuuum!Service was pretty slow, though, so try not to come during peak lunch hour on Saturday.
4	I could definitely do without the creepy guy walking around playing the accordian, but I'll put up with it for the really yummy food and fun ambiance!We have eaten here several times and ordered pretty much everything on the menu at one time or another and have never been disappointed.  Some things are better than others, of course (try the chicken and spinach manicotti -- MMMMmm), but overall the quality has always been good, the service fast, and if you can get a window seat, the view is great for people-watching!Oh and it sounds really plain and boring, but trust me... try the pound cake for dessert.  YUM!
4	I brought my girlfriend here for her birthday while we were livin' it up in Vegas! A week earlier, I reserved a table for 8pm. We arrived about 15 minutes early and were invited to relax at the bar until our table was ready. Sure enough, bang on 8pm we were strutting through the restaurant over to our fantastic table for two with a killer view! We ordered a wealth of food and some delicious red wine sangria. The food was perfect (I think we did that thing again, where we stop talking for the duration of the meal, due to rapid consumption of said delicious food). Our waiter could've been around a little more, but was very friendly and responsive all other times, so it's cool. I'm gonna go head and call this THE place to eat when you come to the strip. The total for appetizers, entrees, drinks, and dessert was easily the same price that the high end restaurants charge for one person. Not to mention the lack of food those "high end" places bring to the table! Maggiano's is perfect for dressing up, chowing down, and hitting the clubs and casinos after!
5	service here is GREAT! came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. we got hooked up with a nice table right by the window with an awesome view of the strip. our waiter was on it, always coming by asking if we had questions about the menu. he brought out our drinks right away. he was even nice enough to bring out small bowls of salad without any meat in them because one of our friends didn't eat meat. so considerate! we had a party of 8 so we decided to order family style...2 appetizers, 2 salads, 2 entrees with unlimited refills on all food. BEST. IDEA. EVER. we got a taste of everything and there was more than enough food to go around. i love this place! =)
4	So, my dad said this Italian eatery in Vegas was one of the best Italian foods he has eaten before. Since my mom and I didn't really know what we wanted to eat for lunch, it was a why not kind of thing. We got there and was seated  within 5 mins, granted this was a lunch hour so i'm guessing there were fewer people there. Personally, i didn't like our waiter. He sounded insincere. i know that they don't really care whether you've eaten there or not, or if the food it good or not, just act better.We ordered the fried calamari for the appetizer; i really liked it. My mom ordered the shrimp and crab imperial; that was yummy. My dad ordered some lobster alfredo; that was also delicious. I ordered a steak bruschetta(sp?) and it was absolutely delightful! it was the right portion and i loved eating it. since i'm not a food expert, that's all i can give with the food.The blood orange italian soda tasted good too; it comes in a fancy bottle.Overall, i much enjoyed this restaurant ^.^, but if i ever want to eat legit italian food, it would be at my friend's house.
5	I love this place! My first visit was a few years ago after my brother-in-law said my husband and I HAD to go. I make my share if trips to Las Vegas and I go out of my way to eat at Maggiano's. The decor is very nice. Love the dark wood and old Vegas pictures. The look of the place gives an impression of a much more expensive restaurant but I think the prices are very reasonable compared to some other local restaurants. The service is always great and I've always enjoyed everything I've ordered. My favorite is the Tuscan Sausage and Orzo soup, I order it every time! A must for every Vegas trip!
1	This review is for the service that we received at dinner last week. Our waiter Donny was the worst waiter we have ever had! If you go to Maggiano's and get Donny as your waiter prepare to be insilted and treated like idiots when you ask him a simple question. No need to go into details but trust me on this. It is a shame because the waiter serving the table next to us was absolutely wonderful and very professional. Note to Donny, if you do not like people you probably should get out of the customer service business.
4	My husband and I dined here during our honeymoon in Vegas. We shared a portion of salad, liguine with clams and a couple of glasses of wine. The food tasted great! We made a reservation before we arrived, which recommend for a Friday night in Vegas. The server was nice and attentive so our experience here was positive. I would come here again.
2	I am not sure who reviews this place, but I know now it is not worth the rating that it is receiving. We went here for dinner on a Sunday night supposedly low season in Vegas. The place was crowded, but that was not so much of an issue. The noise level in the restaurant was pretty high, but if you are lucky you might get a table with a good view of the strip.We ordered the steamed mussels and crab cakes for appetizer. The grilled salmon on a bed of spinach with roasted potatoes.  Kids ate the flat bread pizza and spaghetti with giant meatball.- Crab cakes were okay, the sauce that comes with it is nice- Mussels in red sauce (Diablo if I remember well). When served they smelled funny. My first impression was that the mussels were steamed and a can of crushed tomatoes was thrown over them. Some spaghetti strings were visible, so I was wondering where the sauce really came from?! But, that was not the problem; the smell was just unbearable that I could not eat these mussels. Returned them and was notified by the waitress that it was not the first time that the mussels smelled. Manager came and offered us another dish, we ordered the fried calamari ... and it was okay.- Salmon on a bed of spinach with roasted potatoes; the salmon was a bit overcooked and was sitting in the juices of the spinach. Not very appetizing to see, I like grilled fish to remain dry when served. The potatoes were really overcooked and very dry on the inside ... they were left to roast just beyond what they needed.- Flat bread pizza, not too bad for a kids meal- Spaghetti with giant meatball; I am not sure what people like about "giant" food, but for me it looks disgusting. We were not charged for the mussels nor for the fried calamari, which is great customer service. Overall, maybe worth a two or three star but definitely not more than that if you grade it on the food.
5	This is probably the best Italian chain restaurant that I've ever eaten at. Not only did I enjoy the atmosphere and service, the food was phenomenal! To start off a very nice family vacation, we decided to eat at Maggiano's and try their family-style dinner. The server - who is probably the best I've ever met - warned us that it will be a lot of food and very heavy. We took on the challenge and tried their "classic dinner": (2) appetizers, (2) salads, (4) main courses, and (2) desserts. Appetizers: Barb's Spinach and Artichoke Dip & Calamari Fritte. They split the spinach and artichoke dip into two plates and had a giant plate of fried calamari. Both were excellent dishes - the calamari was not overcooked and the dip was just gooey perfection.Salad: Caesar and Spinach. I'm not a big salad eater, but I heard it was excellent.Main Course: Chicken Piccata, Chicken Saltimbocca, Grilled Salmon Lemon & Herb, and Linguini & Clams with Red Sauce. Each dish was amazing! The Piccata was not overcooked or drowning in sauce. The Saltimbocca, which is fried chicken patties wrapped in prosciutto and cheese, was just delicious! The salmon was good. And the linguini was not drowning in sauce and just the right amount of clams.Dessert: Tiramisu and Creme Brulee. Both were just perfect - the tiramisu was just so delicious - not too sweet and not too bland. The creme brulee had the perfect golden crust and was so smooth.Yes, it is a lot of food for a table of five. But it gets better for those who think $30 a person is a bit too much. Each plate - from the appetizer to the desert - is refillable! They won't stuff giving you until you tell them no more! So for the price, the service, and the food - Maggiano's is definitely worth it!
4	We went here because we got a gift card for Xmas, I thought it was delish we stared off with the calamari was a little under seasoned but not fishy, the complementary bread was great and then we had a chicken flatbread that was good the waitress was the nicest ever. We had a fifty dollar gift card and ended up using $38 on dinner and two drinks and gave the rest to her for being super nice. Would go again even without a gift card.
2	2 stars is generous after my last trip there which was on Thanksgiving. It was my 4th year in a row eating here on Thanksgiving. I booked a month out and was told the earliest available was 7:15pm. We were seated quickly but that's the only thing that went right. We ordered all parts of the 5 course family style holiday menu and half of what we ordered showed up. They ran out of food at an "all you can eat" meal. Instead of being upfront with us we got a dog and pony type of magic show "disappearing food". When I approached the manager he asked" what do you want me to do about it?" Are you kidding me? $35 per person and you do not have what we want? I am fairly certain I will never go back, that's coming from a Chicago guy who loves Italian food. Also their regular menu item portions have been cut in half and the price slashed a buck or two. Lame.
3	My boyfriend took me here for our one year anniversary and it was such a perfect place for a romantic dinner. He made reservations for two and when we got there, the table was ready and they were waiting for us! They had us sat at such a beautiful spot next to the window in front of the Wynn Hotel (which is always a sight to see!) We were immediately treated with bread and balsamic vinegar which was very good! The bread was warm and soft and they kept coming with them! And the balsamic vinegar was also so tasty! We ordered our food and did not wait more then 20/ 25 mins. But we enjoyed it because they had a man walking around playing the violin very beautifuly. We loved it. When we got our dinner it was very delicious and the portions were great! The price was also very reasonable for a restaurant on the strip! They had $14 plate all the way up to $25 dishes. But they had all the Italian classics and many seafood dishes (which was what my boyfriend had, and said it was great!)I highly recomend this restaurant for people who need a good warm meal in a great, soothing atmosphere! The only reason why I gave Maggiano's Little Italy 3 stars was because towards the end of our meal the waiter was standing (not very far from our table) staring us down, waiting for us to finish up and leave. I found it a little rude and uncomfortable, but other then those last 10 mins it was a great experience.
4	We ate here on NYE and the service from Nestor was the best. The location overlooking the Strip was great and the interior dark wood style was very nice  I recommend the Salmon and the Pork Medallions.
4	I won't let you turn aroundAnd tell me now I'm much too proudAll you do is fill me up with doubtThis time, baby, I'll be bulletproof...at MAGGIANO'S! - La Roux (bulletproof)Thank God this place was where i thought it was!! I remember seeing the wynn when i came here a long time ago from the windows since it is on the 2nd floor of its structure but you are never sure, especially since i was running on 5 redbulls for the day and had like 4 hours of sleep from the night before. It was so cold and we were hungry and i was leading us to this place that i thought was here and it was...yay!!! The portions here are awesome by the way..too bad its hard to keep leftovers when you are around in vegas - which is what happened to me lol. Anyways, ordered the lobster pasta and there was a good amount of lobster chunks in it. The side salad had a good portion to it too so i would recommend that if you want the veggies. The ciabatta bread in the beginning was tasty and wanted more. Wish i saved room for dessert, not possible here! Oof maybe next time outside of vegas.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
5	*MEN looking to take your gf or soon to be gf or wife on a NICE CHEAP DATE? Maggiano's is the place to go ;)MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE ITALIAN RESTAURANT! I come here about at least twice a month and I've always enjoyed the atmosphere and their delicious food. Make sure you try their Caesar's salad because they honestly have the BEST Caesar's salad. Everything else I've had on their menu has been phenomenal. At Maggiano's you're able to substitute or subtract/add items you don't like. They also serve bread so an appetizer isn't needed unless you want to order them. On weekends, it's probably best if you make a reservation just in case cause they can make you wait 25-35 mins for just 2 people, but they do accept walk-ins as well if you're up for the wait or just in the area. Average bill for 2 ppl with 2 orders of side Caesar's salad and 2 beverages, excluding alcohol...is roughly $40. That price for good food, fancy looking restaurant and is on the strip is hard to find!
5	The best meal In Vegas. A fun and affordable choice.  They have never disappointed us and we'll keep coming back. The veal is the way to go, and don't be in a rush for a table.
4	Maggiano's is conveniently located in the Fashion Show mall below The Capital Grille.  It was my first time here and the food was better than I had expected.  I went with my beautiful girlfriend for lunch.  She had signed up for their mailing list and received a coupon good for $10.00 off our total meal.  The server was really nice and she even gave us her card at the end of the meal (after she had learned that we were locals).  We ordered Chicken Fetuccini Alfredo, Baked Ziti, and the Fried Zuchinni as an appetizer.  We were about to order more than the Fried Zuchinni for an appetizer, but I'm glad we didn't.  They turned out to be Zuchinni Spears (6) and they were huge! The breading on the Zuchinni was to die for!  It was cooked to perfection. I wonder if they used Panko to bread it?  I highly recommend it.  The Ziti was not that impressive at all.  It was way too meaty and sauce was bland in taste.  My Alfredo was good and rich in taste.  I had no complaints about the service (they even were able to give us a window seat when we asked...no reservation made).  We had a good view of the strip and Wynn casino.  I'd definitely come here again.  I would have scored them 5 star, but the Ziti knocked 'em down.  Next time, I want to try their Calamari!
5	Great restaurant, great food, great service, it was truly an amazing night followed by Mystere which was an amazing show as well. Even had the 2 little old men come to the table to serenade us! lol
4	My boyfriend suggested this place as an option for lunch because I wanted to eat some type of noodle on our bday (for long life) and I've been craving Italian. Of course I made a reservation on OpenTable, went to the website, checked out the menu, signed up for the email list, and received a $10 off coupon right away!It's kind of nice because when you sign up they give you a $10 off coupon and when you submit more info on your profile for them they give you another coupon for a free dessert! I stuck with the $10 coupon though since I had more than enough birthday cake already. Our reservation was at 12:30pm. We came in and all the booths with views were taken, but they were able to give us one of their 2 seater tables right next to the window, so that was nice. We got our water and complimentary bread right away and the waitress came over to give us some suggestions on appetizers. She suggested the bruschetta, but we ended up ordering fried zucchini. After looking over the menu we decided to order fettuccine w/ chicken and baked ziti. I've never ordered baked ziti from a restaurant, it's always been at little food courts in shopping malls, so I was hoping for something pretty delicious.  The zucchini arrived and boy were they huge! My boyfriend and I both looked at the zucchini, then at each other and said at the same time, "wow, those are zucchini spears!" There was about 6 of them so we got three each. It was pretty tasty. The breading was light and the lemon aioli went perfectly with it. It was a little too big for two though, especially since you get the complimentary bread; I was only able to finish a spear and a half. Our food came and it looked delicious. I almost dove right in without taking pictures! I took a bite of my ziti, and I was a little disappointed. It just tasted very salty and not at all like I expected. Maybe I'm just so used to the ziti at the mall (which I love!) that I'm not used to authentic style ziti? I tried my boyfriend's fettuccine shortly after and that dish was heavenly! I'm really happy he let me take the leftovers home!I really didn't eat much of my ziti at all, especially after trying the fettuccine. I think I just ordered the wrong dish, I'm sure their other dishes are yummy.  We asked for a togo box and gave the waitress the coupon. She came back with an aluminum container with a cardboard top and a little baggy of fresh bread. I think our bill only came up to about $25 dollars because of the coupon, so that was definitely a nicely priced lunch!Overall the food was delicious, except for the ziti. The service was quick and courteous. The  view was beautiful. 4 stars and I'd love to come back to try their dessert!
2	My family and a friend met up at Maggiano's in Fashion Show and I'm experiencing mixed feelings about it. Locations: Great place to meet but mall closes before the restaurant. It makes the underground parking difficult to access. Consider using the valet. Service: Our server was very nice but she also presented the olive oil/balsamic vinegar plate in front of my four year old. It was a very messy spill. Food: Pretty good overall. The fried zucchini appetizer is always good. My friends chicken salad looked fine and my pepperoni flat bread was not interesting in the slightest. Summary: I'll go back if encouraged but great Italian food is easy to come by in Las Vegas. I'm not rushing back.
3	I was introduced to this restaurant when I use to work in the OC.  I love this chain compared to Olive Garden.  Every time I have been to a Maggiano's whether it is OC or here, I always seem to wait a little.  Just my luck probably.  We like the atmosphere and the food is good.  Below are the usual that we order:Appetizers: Bruschetta, Stuffed MushroomsPastas: Spaghetti Meatball, Fettuccine Alfredo, LasagnaDesserts: Creme Brulee, TiramisuPastas are very well prepared as well, but our favorites that keep us coming back are the appetizers and desserts.This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants to go to.The only thing that was a turn off for us for this location was that the outdoor dining we had to put up with someone that was smoking at a nearby table.  We have kids so this was rather inconvenient.
4	I like this place, the service is excellent. They have a full bar, the flat bread is good start, also the calamari. The lobster carbonara is great i also the seafood pasta is good. I tasted the salmon as well. i think i will order that next time. one thing you should do is call ahead for reservations. This will save you some headaches waiting. Also allow a extra 15 minutes get through the strip traffic and parking.
5	My husband and I had our wedding dinner here with a small group of guests (13 total). We did a family style dinner which I was allowed to order before we arrived so everything would be brought out without waiting a long time. The food was delicious! We had a lot of food left over for lunch the next day.....it tasted even better! Our waiter was fabulous as well as very friendly. Family style is definitely the way to go if you have a big group and are on a tight budget. Thank you everyone at Maggiano's!!
5	Great place!!! Waitress was kind of slow but still attentive.
4	We always end up eating here at least once every time someone comes to visit us. :) My husband is a big fan of italian food, so it works out great. He can never get sick of spaghetti, but i like trying different things... chicken alfredo or chicken marsala seem to be my main dishes :) The location is perfect! Shop a little til you get hungry, then go to Maggiano's. Or eat first, then shop... either way, its a win-win. There might be quite a wait if you go around 6 or 7pm, but if you go there for lunch or something it works out perfect.
4	This place is great!!! I recommend the homemade Lasagna. I would definently go again :), what got me disappointed a little was the server she was slow.
4	This is a chain restaurant, but it doesn't feel like it. It's interior suggests something closer to fine dining, but the prices are actually really reasonable. One of the best things about it is the view it has. It's pretty basic Italian food, but you'll feel like you are getting more than your money's worth.
1	Will never come here ever again! Horrible service!
5	This is by far the best Maggiano's I've been too. I've been to the California location, as well as the Washington D.C location, and this one takes the cake.My boyfriend and I make a 2 week trip to Vegas every summer. This past year, we decided to dine at Maggiano's afters having a good experience in CALI. The food here is SOOOOOO good, we ended up dining here 5 more times before we left. I recommend going with a group of 4 or more, because they have great "package deals" for larger parties. You can choose between 3 different price groups, all that come with different options, which are all reasonable and well worth the money. I'm absolutely gaga (No lady, stay out of this one) over their Chicken Francese and their mash potatoes. To DIE! Their Chicken Francese is not traditional, however. It is breaded and then smothered in lemon sauce. I'm drooling just thinking about it.Did I mention they don't stop bringing more food until you tell them too? GO HUNGRY!
5	This maggiano's is pretty pleasant, perhaps an alternative restaurant if you just spent too long at fashion show and cannot dare cross the street (the obstacle of crossing the street from point a to point b has left me 20 minutes late PLENTY of times, even if it's just from saks to the wynn!). Also a good restaurant for bigger portions--their plates can be a foot long for a single person. Big portions! A homey feeling, which is very common for them.
3	3 1/2 stars to be fair.I went to Maggiano's for lunch during a business seminar.  Don't you just love some free food every once in a while for all your hard work?  It was certainly a nice treat for me!After initial introductions and the start of the seminar, food starting coming out of the kitchen.  All served family style which was a bit odd for me because I barely knew the two dozen people in the room!  But ah, not a big deal as long as none of them had herpes or mono...or a cold for that matter.Our appetizer courses came first:  along with warm French bread (excellent) we had the:*Tomato Caprese - tomatoes topped with fresh mozzarella and basil, topped with olive oil and balsamic glaze*Mozzarella Marinara - breaded mozzarella with marinara sauce*Maggiano's Salad - Iceberg and romaine lettuce with bleu cheese, crispy prosciutoo, red onions, topped with their signature dressingPretty good start!  The salad was crisp, but my fav was the Tomato Caprese, sweet and ripe tomatoes with the silky cheese and the acidic touch from the balsamic?  Very nice!  I didn't try the Mozzarella Marinara in trying to keep with my P90X diet...damn you I say Tony Horton!Next up was our main courses:*Chicken Parmesan - Breaded chicken breasts baked with Provolone cheese and marinara sauce over spaghetti*Our Famous Rigatoni 'D' - Rigatoni with herb-roasted chicken, mushrooms, and caramelized onions with a Marsala cream sauce*Mom's Lasagna-Meat Sauce - Pasta layered with Ricotta cheese, meatballs, Italian sausage, and marinara sauce, topped with Provolone cheese and meat sauceNice!  All were good.  Unfortunately, I ate like a banshee here...I dug the Chicken Parmesan and Mom's Lasagna very much!  The sauce was great, not too sweet, not too tart, and complemented the dishes very well.  Oh my thighs...the horror!!!After the business presentation dessert was brought out:*Apple Crostada - Granny Smith apples baked in a pastry crust topped with crystallized sugar, topped with caramel sauce and vanilla bean ice cream*Chocolate Zuccotto Cake - Chocolate cake layered with sambuca chocolate mousse, iced with chocolate frosting, then dusted with cocoa powderAt this point I was too full to have any more!  But I gave in and had a bit of the Apple Crostada.  Yummy to my tummy!  The tart apples went well with the sweet sugar crust.  Good way to end the meal.  Bad way to end my diet!Food here is great for a chain restaurant.  The ambiance is nice, dark woods and colors.  It would be very nice for a date night out.  I may just come back here again and actually shell out my Visa to try more of their dishes.  As a note though, I did look through the menu and see a lot of their dishes are on the pricey side.  But, one dish could probably feed two people easily. Thankful for my one day reprieve...I am back to my P90X diet and the ramblings of the Devil's Spawn named Tony Horton.  One more push up or pull up and I think I'm gonna be sick!
3	2 1/2 more like it. They put lots of food on the plates, it's just that it's really nothing too special. The best of the lot we tried were the mussels, and the side spinach salad was okay as well. As for the veal picata, or the crab cakes...would  pass on them. Wines in the limited selection are reasonably priced. Along with the large portions, prices are reasonable.. and that keeps the place packed with patrons... reservations are recommended.
4	7 of my girls and I went to Vegas to celebrate 2 of their birthdays. We didn't have the coupon for BOGO but he still let us take home 7 classic pastas home for free with the order of 7 classic pastas at the mention of the coupon. Service was great and I can't get enough of the balsamic vinegar nd oil and bread. Although he did forget about the birthdays and i had to remind him again to bring out the cookies in the end. Since it WAS a classic pasta, the lasagna was a little dry, fettucini was extremely bland, but the spaghetti was really goodand came with a good portion.This was my 2nd time here And the first time was in San Jose. My first experience was better because we didnt do the BOGO and ordered specialty pastas and seafood. But I guess you get what you pay for.
1	HORRIBLE FOOD POISONING.  My first night moving to Las Vegas I ate there and got terrible food poisoning.  I had a steak and got what was most likely E. Coli poisoning.  Would not recommend going to this place. There are much better places for Italian food even without the food poisoning.
2	II have a gluten problem and have celiac disease i have been to this restraunt several times over 25 times.The food is very good.However if you have an allergy or a gluten problem i can no longer suggest  this restraunt.The last 2 out of 4 times i had eaten there they brought me out my salad with croutins in the salad which some of you who have the problem becomes a big problem. Thank god i caught this before i ate it. I ordered my meal through the chef per usual 2 times they brought me out items that have gluten out of the last 4 times i ate there.The problem is they have no checking sytem there.A diffrent waiter brings out your food .They have no idea whats going on.The margin for era is to great.They say they accomodate allergies and gluten free. The problem is the caring level is not there anymore in this place.Note both times this happened at the restraunt it was not a weekend or that busy.So that excuse is down the drain.My question to the manger was what if this was a child that had a serius allergy and went into shock.Then what.He said it never happens.My response funny to me i was here 3 weeks ago and the same thing happened. there was no response.
3	I went here for lunch and will not return. With so many options in Vegas for food, the details count. I asked for Maggianos Salad and I received it although it tasted like it was premade 5 hours prior with soggy lettuce.  The flatbread was good and the service was bad hence the 3 stars. A restaurant such as this should not be sending out pre-made salads with soggy lettuce.
4	We have had good experiences here and not so great ones...it is, after all a chain restaurant and lacks the personalization we prefer. The lasagna is the highlight of the menu. I am not a huge lasagna fan so I often find myself trying some type of seafood dish, which I have found they over-sauce. The service was decent but we prefer to pick up here rather than dine-in, as it has a stuffy feel to the atmosphere. Pros: Good take-out, yummy lasagnaCons: Ambiance, seafood dishes
5	I'm all in for this place. I just wish i felt better to better enjoy the food!! After a wicked Friday night, i just wasn't feeling it. Def needed some food and well the GF and were set on finding something gluten friendly. Enter Maggiano's and their gluten free pasta. Not to mention you can actually talk to the chef if you have some question. A+ I ordered up the Angle hair pasta with Italian Sausage and some kind of chunky diced tomato sauce.. AWESOME it was that was. The gf chopped it up with the chef for a minute and he came back with a baked zitti *Corn Pasta* type thing with chicken and tons of cheese. I stole a bite or two and yup YUMMO! The place looks super upscale and ultra expensive but really for where you're at and it being on the strip, it a must go.
5	Amazing Italian food.  Good service.  Great for large groups.  We had 10 people and ordered "family style" and had more food than we knew what to do with.  I will continue to go here every time I am in V-town.
1	Closes at 11:00PM on Saturday night. WTH? This is Las Vegas, for heaven's sake! We rolled in at about 10:52PM and were denied.
5	It was a sad, sad morning when I realized that with my newly gluten-free-ness, I couldn't run to greasy pizza as a hangover remedy.  I was soooo so happy to find Maggiano's though!  The BF and I were on a quest, and we came across the menu that graciously advertised gluten-free pasta, so in we went.The server was a SUPER HAPPY fella, who brought the chef over to customize my meal basically however I wanted!  I ended up with some baked corn pasta with chicken, marinara sauce and cheese - DELICIOUS!! It's classy inside, but the lunch prices were totally fine (for Vegas standards, that is), plus the portions were huge.  The waiter kept our water coming and even gave the BF two glasses at a time ;)
5	This has to be my favorite italian restaurant in Vegas. It feels like you just wanna be with your family when you come here. Eggplant parmesan with meat sauce is one of my faves. I wouldn't normally order fried calamari at any other restaurant but it's the first thing I wanna order when I get here. It's light and not chewy which I looove! My son eats up most of his spaghetti and can't get enough. Mama's lasagna is pretty mean too. I'm looking forward to trying other stuff on the menu. but all i can think about is the eggplant parm!
3	Quality food,Large portions.Really great prices. The people by the bar are what you may call riff raff.This is def not a special occasion kind of place. It is very casual.Hungry on a budget? Come here.
5	This place is always good. Nice atmosphere, no long waits, food is great! Best of all, it's located on the Strip within the Fashion Show Mall. My only advice? Arrive by 6pm for dinner, or you may have a bit of a wait.
4	Stopped by for lunch, and wasn't disappointed.  I got the chicken piccata (loved it!) and hubby got the lobster carbonara (fantastic!).  Bread was nice & fresh, all soft & yummy inside the crispy exterior, but the side salads were rather boring.  Will definitely go there again.
5	Good portions , Good prices and delicious food !
1	I've been here a few times. Mostly its been good. But, There is only one good thing I can say about my experience with Maggiano's this last time. The Waitress was great. She was on the ball all night.But, The meal was horrible. I could not believe how bad it was. It wasn't just one thing. It was everything. From the bread to the Wine. Yes, even the Wine was bad. I couldn't finish the meal. And no. I did not take a to go box.They must have a new Juan or Hector cooking the food in the kitchen.  It certainly didn't taste like an Italian was cooking.Terrible meal
4	Came back to Maggiano's for what my friend and I call "Wine Wednesday!" We used to have this event (of 2 people, haha) every week but as we all know people get busy. I find it a great place for happy hour wine and appetizers. They have added some new items to the menu from when we used to go, but that's great! I had last my voice the previous weekend so the bartenders were having a good time with me while I waited for my friends. They are very friendly guys and very attentive. I got there about 445pm and found seating at the bar right away. Once my friends did get there I ordered the Merlot and the bartenders were on top of it! For food I ordered the bruschetta and crab cakes, soooo yummy! I think I could continually eat the crab cakes. Just keep them coming! Overall, my experience here is always great. The food always comes out perfect and great service. I have yet to come and eat for dinner, whats holding me back? Oh yah I live in the NW and this place is easy to come to after work. One day I will though!
5	I went here for a wedding dinner party. So considering that they were serving a party of about 25 they did an awesome job. We had so much food I must have gained 5 lbs leaving there. We had a variety of different dishes from spinach-artichoke dip, bruschetta, lasagna, spaghetti, fetticuni alfredo - I can't even remember the rest. But it was very good - ALL OF IT! The servers served all of us quickly, the food was hot and delicious and the ambiance was very romantic!
5	I was in-between 4 and 5 stars on this one, but I had such a good time, I bumped it up. The wait was a bit long, but decent considering that it was a Friday evening in Vegas with no reservation. This place is not expensive, especially for what you are getting.  Also, it has a much nicer feel than any other "family" Italian eateries without being stuffy.Once seated, we received pretty good service with a smile.  I wasn't able to try the bread that was complimentary, but everyone at my table seemed to enjoy it.  The apps (calamari and zucchini) were delish.  At some point in the evening, we were serenaded by two men playing instruments.  I have fond memories of Steve singing along, lol.Everyone also seemed to enjoy their pasta dishes.  This place serves everything family style, so if you don't want to share, be prepared to take a doggy bag.  I ordered the pesto linguine with chicken and it was DELICIOUS.  Warning:  you should REALLY love pesto to order this dish.We were WAY too full to have any dessert, but the options sounded promising.Tip:  They have skinny cocktails if that's your thing.  I had the skinny sangria and it was yummy.  Too bad it didn't matter with all of the food that I inhaled!
4	In addition to the outstanding food and service, the servers at the bar were friendly and showed genuine interest in new and regular customers. Their Italian food and wine selection are excellent, but this time around I tried their grilled salmon. A very busy place but worth the short wait.
5	I can't believe I just found out about this place.  I'm a HUGE fan after just one visit!  I was blown away by the tiramasu.  The service was incredible.  The entrees were delicious. The atmosphere was very elegant as well.  You really can't compare Maggiano's to the other chain italian places because they are in a category all their own.
4	Maggiano's is a nice place to go to when guest are in town. It is a step above Olive Garden, but not as costly as Rao's. There is always a line, so that is a good sign that they are doing something right.It has been more than two years since I have been able to get back to this Italian restaurant. I wanted to see if it is as good as I remembered. When a friend came into town, it was the perfect opportunity to visit. The wait was estimated for 30-45 minutes, so we grabbed a drink at the bar. They make a skinny sangria that tastes like fruit punch. It is lethal and easy to knock back. My friend ordered the frozen peach bellini and it tasted like a smoothie. Most of the drinks cost around 8-10 dollars. Not bad for being on the strip.When we were sat, the server promptly greeted us and filled our water glasses. The service was impeccable. She was friendly, attentive, and non intrusive. We had ordered the calamari appetizer to give us some time to decide on our entree. Apparently it took some time to come out, but we did not notice. Caught up in our conversation and snacking on the bread made time go by quickly. Our waitress gave some great suggestions and I decided on a dish that would help the Make-a-Wish foundation. Right now, they have a few specialty items that Maggiano's will donate a portion of the proceeds to the charity. The roasted chicken farfalle is delicious. The bow tie pasta was cooked al dente, the chicken moist, generous amounts of spinach, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus, topped with parm slivers. The broth like sauce at the bottom made the dish light. I was happy that I could get something that was not cream based and not have to settle for marinara. My friend had ordered the chicken pesto pasta and it was good. You must love basil and pesto to get this meal because it is bold. I would order it again. Overall this was a nice meal. I would not hesitate to go back, but next time I will skimp on the bread to save some room for dessert.
4	This was quite possibly the best Maggiano's experience I have had across three states.  When another reviewer claimed that  it was a "step above the Olive Garden" they were spot on.My mother and I went here for Thanksgiving dinner while in Vegas avoiding family obligations.  We were able to make reservations online, which was fairly convenient and helped us avoid a long wait.  We were also able to order off of the special Thanksgiving menu, which was a great mix of the traditional Thanksgiving fare coupled with some Italian favorites.  They also brought you more of anything you wanted in spite of the original portions being humongous.  Overall, our experience was nice and we talk of a repeat dodging of the manicness that is Thanksgiving with the inclusion of our Maggiano's experience.
3	Italian is not always my favorite because it typically involves a lot of carbs..  I am best staying away from it.  Of course I always manage to order anything but pasta so I am probably missing the best part.I've been here a few times and never been there without a 30 min wait.  Nevertheless I enjoyed the service and the food each time I've been there.  It's not cheap but you will for sure leave with a very full stomach. Personally I find the musicians performance somewhat annoying.  Maybe because I have always come here with a group and it's hard to have a conversation with that in the background.  I am not sure if I was on a honeymoon I would like it either.  Just not working for me.
3	This place was pretty good. The bread they brought to the table was ok, but the salad and the lasagna I ordered were both good and the mini cheesecake at the end was sooo yummy!My boss, who is um, particular, didn't have such a good experience as his pasta was over done, but the waiter was nice and replaced it for him. I'm a pretty laid back diner so I kinda felt bad when my boss corrected him, etc but he handled it well.They were great about refilling my water a ton of times. I'm on dr. orders to drink over a gallon a day so he helped me along:)
3	This place is like a fancy Buca di Beppo.We ordered the Old Famous Rigatoni, Baked Ziti Pasta, and the Surf and Turf.  The only thing I enjoyed was the Famous Rigatoni, very flavorful and delicious.  The baked ziti pasta was very bland and tasteless.  The surf and turf was a mistake for a pasta place.
4	Went here for dinner over the weekend and man my experience here was really good!  The place was really kept nice, real clean and the staff was incredible.  I had the New York Steak 16oz.  which was amazing, our waiter Taylor did a real good job waiting on us and always kept coming back to see if we needed water or anything else.  Overall I would recommend this place if your in town and want to dine on some good italian food.
4	I love the ambiance here, and sometimes if you want the Vegas Strip, but not the feeling of chaos, this is the place to be. Lunch on the patio is fantastic, and is quite a unique people watching scene. I love their salads, wine menu and chicken marsala.  Usually, the service is great and the kitchen is consistent.Be careful of the following:Their salads are spot on, but their house dressing  is on the sweeter side.  I personally prefer the italian which is homemade but not nearly as sweet.  Also, if you are not a fan of shaved chicken breast, then you should avoid adding chicken to your salads. It is not your usual chunky  breast. This establishment is way better than your typical Italian chain, and has incredible  family portions. Salute' to Maggiano's-you keep me coming back for more.
4	Spent our one year anniversary lunch here while in Vegas.  We couldn't really decide where to go and were in the mood for Italian so we decided to give it a try.  We were seated immediately and our server was extremely nice and attentive with great recommendations.  We started with garlic bread - garlicky but not overwhelming.  It was good.  I had the chicken marsala, which I really enjoyed, the chicken was moist and the marsala sauce was just enough.  My boyfriend had the baked ziti and he really enjoyed the pasta as well - it was al dente with the right amount of sauce/sausage/cheese.  Overall, it was a good experience.  Will definitely go back again.
4	When in Rome do as the Romans, when in fashion show mall eat at Maggianos.  the fired zucchini app is my wife's favorite item on the menu.  Portions are large and certainly shareable for lunch and dinner leftovers will be available the following day.  I like this place a lot...
5	Yummm! Our dinner was so much more than I ever expected. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly. The portions were huge! I couldn't believe how reasonably priced the menu was as well. We had a corner window table that overlooked the strip. It was perfect for the kids. Strolling musicians and the best chocolate cake topped off the evening! We are going back for a second time tonight and will be sure to visit Maggiano's back home as well.
5	I love the food here. It is really worth the price, which really isn't bad for the quality or quantity. I have been here twice and the only down side was the service. Our first server was decent, yet our second server was unobservant, and somewhat rude.
5	This place is a true gem on the Las Vegas Strip.  Walking into this place you would think it's a five-star restaurant with prices to match but thankfully, the prices here were very affordable and in true Italian style, the portions were very large.  We would have taken what we had left-over to go but with no place to heat it up at our hotel, it wasn't worth it.  Located in the Fashion Mall, if you love Italian food, this is the place to be.
4	Very good food. Nothing mind blowing, but a solid Italian meal. Kind of similar in quality to Bucca di Beppo.We would go back.
4	Food is really good, price is very reasonable for that quality and quantity.  The chicken pesto and bruschetta were delicious. It wasn't too heavy like other Italian restaurant that I've tried. Service is great, and the atmosphere is good too. I love the booth, it's very comfortable.The only reason why I didn't give this place a 5 star is because I was a little disappointed at the cleaniness of this place the second time I went there. I figured there was a kid sitting in our booth before us and the floor and seats were full of crumbs and very dirty. Seriously? the booster seat was still under the table...Other than that, this place is very good, definitely worth a try.
3	My husband and I came here for lunch and the wait was pretty long so we opted to sit at the bar.  The service was ok, it seemed the waitress was trying hard to get the food out, but it being the bar it wasn't as fast as it usually is. I ordered the 4-cheese ravioli, and I LOVE cheese ravioli at restaurants...and I get it, its supposed to taste like cheese but this ravioli was so overwhelmingly cheesy that you couldn't really taste the sauce or anything else! My husband ordered the baked ziti and while it was good, we've had better.  The bread basket was cold and hard but the next basket was a little warmer. The drinks were mixed here mine was pure vodka (but its Vegas right?..I can't complain!) but my husbands was a little watered down. All in all it was an ok place, but there is better Italian food to be had.
5	This place has really good Italian food for amazing prices, considering it's on the "Strip". I had the Crab and Shrimp Cannelloni ($15) which nearly brought a tear to my eye because it was so delicious. The pasta was made fresh and cooked perfectly, the sauce was fairly rich (made from Asiago) and creamy, and the contents of the cannelloni were superb. Washed it all down with a Peroni on draft. This may be a chain restaurant but you'd never know it. Will definitely be coming back!
4	We love Maggiano's!!!  They have a great happy hour during the week and the bar area is relaxed and quiet.There is an old man who looks like the Six Flags guy walking around playing violin and he is the coolest old little dude ever!!Our favorites are the stuffed mushrooms, spinach salad (amazing dressing), and the tortelluca dish.Everythig we have every eaten here is tasty.  You can't go wrong!!
4	Ok, I love this place! I wrote a review for Maggiano's a while ago stating that it was just ok ( that was a location in California). But this Maggiano's is really good. Whether going in for a drink and some appetizers, or ordering a full dinner, you will love the variety and taste of the Italian food.  Plus, it overlooks part of the strip! Fun!
4	My family & I went to Maggiano's to celebrate my daughter's & nephew's 13th birthday. It was crowded but we were seated within 10 minutes. Our server was very prompt and informative. I ordered a bottle of Chianti and the price was very reasonable. I had the Shrimp and Crab Cannoli and it was soo delicious. Everything we ordered was great & we will definitely be back!
1	Horrible. The rudest staff and establishment I have ever dealt with. I booked my reservation a few days ahead of time for 7:45 pm. Due to Las Vegas traffic and a double overtime basketball game I attended, our party arrived at approximately 7:55. I checked in to the front desk and said hello. To which I was not greeted and immediatly asked for the reservation name. I provide the name and am told that due to my lateness, keep in mind I am 10 minutes late to a reservation at a restaurant, they marked me as a no show and notified the yelp reservation site. At this point I am already annoyed, but I am on vacation and starving so I state the reason for my 10 minutes of tardiness. I continue and ask if we  can get another table. The "greeter" says I will have to wait at the end of the line for an hour to two hour  wait . I am still calm at this point and oblige to stand and wait. A minute passes and a heavy set supervisor type asks my party to move from the desk area. We move over to the corner by a coat rack. Another minute passes, the supervisor again states to move away from the coat rack area also. With my patience drawing low, I move over again to another open spot in the corner. After a couple minutes the supervisor AGAIN states to move away from this new spot. Not once does he show us another place to stand, nor does he say please or  thank you or anything but move. Rather, he comes off as annoyed at the fact that we are occupying space and breathing within the reastaurant. Finally, we have had enough and call the manager . A "manager type" scaddadles over after about 15 minutes and says whats wrong. We tell him the situation and he coldly replies that he is busy and the we missed our reservation time. Also so, he has no suggestion as to where to stand and wait in the restaurant. We left. Ridiculous service by a faux Italian establishment that has not the slightest idea about Italian culture, gratitude or hosting. They are obviously solely interested in getting you in and out as fast as possible. You are not a customer to them, you are another number to stuff with chef boyardee noodles at $20 a pop.
4	I have been here many times, and each time I have been impressed with the restaurant and all it has to offer. The food here is fantastic - I highly recommend the flat breads or caesar salad for an appetizer. Also, you are missing out if you do not order the four cheese ravioli. If you come to the restaurant with a large group, they have a great family style option. However, this option is ONLY AVAILABLE for groups of four or over. Do not waste your calories/money if your group is smaller than this - it is not worth it, and you will have to take food home.
3	It's a national chain, so if you've been to one you've been to them all. But, the good thing about higher-end chain restaurants is that they're consistent. And, in the case of Maggiano's, they're consistently good, for the most part, and a good value.My wife had a gift card to their family of restaurants, which included Chili's and Macaroni Grill. Naturally, we chose the best of the lot -- Maggiano's. Located in Fashion Show mall, it's a pain to find the entrance. Walking through the mall, you have to actually walk outside of the mall towards the Strip and head to the second level via the outdoor escalators to find the main entrance.This was a family outing for us -- our three year old son in tow -- so we were happy to be seated at a booth. They've got a kid's menu with the usual stuff (pizza, chicken fingers, mac-n-cheese, etc). For $5.95 kids get an entree, beverage, and a dessert (lemon cookies or vanilla ice cream). My kid opted for the pizza. It's a long, rectangular, crispy cheese flatbread pizza cut into triangles. Tasty and large enough for two kids to share.The lasagna was the best item of the night. A huge brick shape filled with crumbled meatballs and Italian sausage and covered in meat sauce. The gnocchi also came in a large portion, good enough for two people. While it was a little too dense, it was a passable version of the dish that came with spicy Italian sausage and a creamy (oversauced) vodka sauce.They have small dessert options for $2.95. The chocolate cake was decent. A little too cold and firm, but it hit the spot. We also opted for the lemoncello pie ($7) -- essentially a circular key lime pie with cherries garnishing the plate and topped with whipped cream and almond slivers.While not the best Italian food in the city, Maggiano's does make for a good family restaurant at a decent price, considering its location.3.5 Stars
5	WOW is all I can say!! Great food definitely didtinctive in their own way and yes the stuffed mushrooms are as good as everyone says they are. Thanks yelpers you did good on this one!
4	4 +.   Yes, it's a chain & pretty much the same in all their locations, but it is just so damn good.  (PSST  there's a $10 off $30 purchase coupon available on their website) We were seated at the time on our reservation and treated to very attentive service.  The house chianti was good.  Bread was served soon after we were seated and waiter was kind enough to bring out some red pepper flakes and Italian herbs that we could add to the olive oil.The waiter explained that they were no longer doing half orders & I thought I understood him to say that the menu had been redone and the portions as well as prices were now smaller.  No matter--the lady at the next table had a rather large platter of food and I was pretty sure we weren't going hungry.  I had linguine with shrimp & garlic  (what, I like red wine with that), and my friend had the rustic chicken & shrimp.  I love that they are not afraid to use the garlic here.  My shrimp were big and cooked perfectly and the sauce enhanced it beautifully without overwhelming the seafood.  And there were leftovers (just as good for breakfast the next day).  For around $16 a plate (before the coupon), it's hard to find food this good in Vegas.
2	2 stars, because I've definitely experienced better.I booked a reservation through Open Table. I actually changed my reservation twice because my parents' plans kept changing. First I scheduled it at 7pm, then I changed it to 6pm, then finally to 6:45. I got a confirmation email for each change, so it was fine. In my reservation I specifically stated: We would greatly prefer a view seating as we are here to celebrate my mother's 63rd birthday. Did that happen? NOPE.When we arrived at 6:45, I went up to the heavy set host/supervisor who didn't even care to greet me and told him I had a reservation that I made on Open Table for 6:45. He clicked around on his computer and said he didn't see and record of it. I proceeded to login to my Open Table account and pull up the whole reservation on my Ipod. I maximized the time, name, and party party size and showed it to him. He scrolled around on the page as if he were trying to find something that'd prove me wrong, but there was nothing. My reservation was right there on my phone. He told me "well, you should really call to verify your reservations" and I said, "Oh, does this happen a lot here?" he said, "No, that's never happened. This is the first time I've ever seen that happen." As if I made everything up! I tried to explain that I changed my reservation a couple times and that might be why, and he said "no, that wouldn't be the reason." So wtf is the reason then? Not that I care, but he just stood there making it seem as if I forged a reservation on my phone or something. Ridiculous. After a couple minutes of just telling me he doesn't see the reservation and ignoring the fact that it was on my phone he said he'll try and find us a table, as if it was such a huge favor. They took us to the back, as far away from the windows possible and sat us in some table right behind a pillar, so the only view we could've gotten was then blocked. I was very upset. The whole reason why I chose this place for my mom's birthday is because they wanted a decently priced restaurant with a view. Instead, we got a shitty table in the back of the room behind a pillar that we paid a total of $114 for. I could've gotten a better ambiance at Olive Garden with employees 5x more polite and a bill half as high. At least the food was good...too bad my appetite was spoiled before we even sat down. To make matters even worse. I went home and checked my email, only to find that Maggiano's marked me as a NO SHOW on Open Table. How the F*ck did they mark me as a no show if my reservation was supposedly NOT THERE?! 100 points out the window. I had to contact customer service to explain that I was there and take a picture of my receipt for proof, so I wouldn't have the no show on my record. Their response, "Based on our diagnostics, your reservation was in the restaurant's electronic reservation book, but for some reason this was not conveyed to you. Thank you for making us aware of this discrepancy!" Hmm, I wonder why that happened?Very upset with Maggiano's and that heavy set host/supervisor man, so much that I don't plan on coming back here anymore. I'll Splurge on Capital Grille instead if I want that same view.
3	I got there prior to our reservation, so I sat at the bar for a drink, I was ignored for some time, even though there were a few people behind the bar, and the bar stools were half empty, so they weren't busy. Guess they don't like tips.We had a very large group so they had to split us into 2 different tables. They miss counted the seats and left one out, a friend grabbed a chair and added it to the table, but we still had to wait for extra settings and menus. It took a while to get drink orders in, but water was at the tables already. I got an Arnold Palmer with Vodka, it was on the weak side but tasty. A friend got a Coke and said it was flat. Bread was served with plenty to go around. It was warm, soft and yummy. I got the Italian Salad, it was very average, the italian vinagrette was quite boring.I ordered the Shrimp and Crab Cannelloni special, which I have had before, it was very good, lots of crab chunks and shrimp. Some friends got the Chicken Parmesean, the portions are huge, but they loved the food as well. No one at our table had a complaint about the food.Most of us skipped desert. Roving musicians entertained us while we digested and others finished up their sweets.Beautiful atmosphere, our waiter was great, food was pretty similar to most italian restaurants around.
4	Great dinner, the portion was huge and I couldn't finish it.  Our waiter was top notch and I enjoyed myself.  Recommend reservations.
5	The food was so delicious and I love the family style dinning!  The stuffed mushrooms and the alfredo sauce is so AMAZING also the cheesecake is not too shabby either!!!
5	This is literally my favorite restaurant in Vegas. As a true Italian and eating REAL home cooked Italian food my whole life, it is sometimes hard to find a place that can compare to grandma's cooking. The service here is ALWAYS amazing (I go often.) It doesn't matter what you get, you will enjoy it. I recommend the Raviolis and their house salad (yuuum!) There's a little "secret" that isn't such a secret anymore.. After you are seated, ask for the "Family Style" menu. They'll bring you a totally different menu with great prices and it's all "family style." They'll keep bringing you more and more of what you want until you ask to stop :) And I have tried everything on this menu and it's all delicious. I think the minimum you need to get family style is only three people. It is well worth it, I promise.You gotta try this place! I promise you'll enjoy it!
3	This was my first visit to Maggiano's, so I didn't know what to expect. We made reservations and were promptly seated. We waited for a guest who showed up a few minutes late, but our waiter was kind enough to check on us while we waited. Once our guest showed up, we ordered 2 appetizers; fried calamari- soft and non chewy, seasoned wellfried eggplant- sliced thin, breaded and fried- double yummy'salad- I don't remember what kind, but they were kind enough to substitute the gorgonzola cheese with mozarella.I had to ask them for more avocado, since there was only one piece in the whole salad. I think the waiter returned with a few more pieces (there must have been a shortage of avocados that day). Plus, the dressing was a little weak and I could barely taste it  (they must have been short on that too).cream pasta with chicken dish- There was barely any sauce on this and what I did manage to get onto my pasta and fork, seemed to have a nice subtle taste to it. Would have been nice to be served pasta that glistened with sauce, instead of me looking and wondering if there was any on there to begin with. Instead of the slogan, "where's the beef?" the guestion of the day, should have been, "where's the sauce?"Service- goodfood- mediocre'price- moderateOur waiter mentioned that they'd soon be opening a Maggiano's in Hawaii, I hope by the time that they do, the quality of the food will improve.  Maybe I went on a off day, but I'm willing to give them a second chance.Till next time, happy eating!
5	Went here for a quick dinner before a concert at the Cosmo. Made reservations so we wouldn't have to wait. Seated immediately upon arrival, and by the window at that!Great service. April was our server and she was awesome and on top of everything. Will definitely eat here again when I am in Vegas next.
5	Dinner here was awesome. The ambiance , the service, and most of all the food and wine. Just excellent! Portions are def well portioned for the price and the prices are a deal when it comes to [portion and most of all taste! The fresh bread they bring out is also a winner! Try not to over eat on the bread and salad though because the dish itself you need to save room for and also the desert!  The pasta list also gives you options for gluten free or wheat as well for those who prefer. They also have a great alcohol selection and assist you in helping find a wine that best fits your meal that night. Definitely a great spot to eat and you can park inside of fashion show mall so there is a ton of parking!
5	My hubby took me here for dinner. There was a 45 min wait but well worth it. Nice place, turned out to be very romantic. We had a small table right but the window of the strip. We had someone play a violin for us. The service was great and the food was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Don't come to vegas and miss a meal here. Visited September 2011
1	Let's make this short and sweet...Service - very poorFood - averageWill I come back? - NO
4	Everytime I am in Las Vegas I would go to Maggiano's.  Everything is great and when my wife and I are there for a Marathon we eat pasta.
5	I came here for the first time Sept 2011 with a group of 5. Like everyone says, its romantic, has great views of the strip, great service and the food is FANTASTIC. I had the fried calamari and eggplant parmesean and it was the best eggplant parmesean I've had so far. Everybody else really liked their food too, although I didn't get to try it. However I will be going back. Not to repeat what loads of others have said, so here's my recap:Pros:-Really good food-Nice ambiance and views-Easy to get to (Fashion Show Mall), cabs can just drop you off curbside in front of the restaurant.-Surprisingly affordable! For the same cost as going to Bucca or Il Fornaio, this food kicks those places butts! (In my opinion =)-The service was great. Super friendly wait staff and very helpful with the menu.Cons:-Not really a place to bring little ones as its kind of a "romantic" and quiet atmosphere, but I'm sure you could have them here.
4	Wow, we got lucky.  No wait.  Quick service.  In and out in less than an hour.  As always excellent food.
5	Boy, do I love Maggiano's. My friends and I came here on a whim while in Vegas after working up appetites shopping at the mall. Probably not the best idea since we were squeezing into tight skirts/dresses later that evening.The wait was about 20 minutes. Once seated, we ordered one of the family style dinners, which included soup, salad, a few entrees, and dessert--way more food than we expected.Everything was amazing, including the service. Somehow after all that food, we all still had room for dessert. We definitely ate way too much, but hey, we were in Vegas after all.
5	The only Maggiano's that has awesome customer service and YUMMY FOOD. One of the smallest I've been to. They do have rooms if you want an event done there. You can only have a small wedding reception up to 60 people no more then that. It's located at The Fashion Mall at the very end of the place. They do have a outside patio. It is a very romantic place with the view of The Strip. The food is so much better the The Olive Garden more authenic in you're face. The food stick to you're ribs. You'll never leave hungry. F.Y.IThis location where you order a glass of wine. They put the wine in a smaller bottle. You pour what you want in the wine glass. But there is still some more I would say 1/4 left in the small bottle you get more for you're money that way.
5	Maggiano's never disappoints!  From their soft, yet crusty bread to their house salad with unbelievable dressing, just the first part of the meal is incredible!  I highly recommend the lobster carbonara!  It has tons of chunks of lobster, so it's definitely worth the price!  We made reservations at 8 and, while they were unable to seat us any earlier than 8, they were very prompt in getting us a table shortly thereafter.  The service was great and the view of the Wynn was awesome!  Whether you're in Vegas or any other city that offers Maggiano's, I highly recommend this place!!
4	Really good. Excellent food. Best waiter ever. Would eat there again.
5	I love this restaurant- casual elegant, and everything on the menu is fantastic!  We bring friends here when they're in town and always remind them to save room for dessert.  The service is always great too- love this place and highly recommend it!
4	You know the Lens Crafters slogan, "Ready in about an hour".  I was waiting at the mercy of the glasses gods, not really in the mood to shop, so I decided to talk a stroll to the other end of the mall for a glass of wine.  I considered each of the different restaurant options, but with the main goal in mind, wine, I opted for Maggiano's.  The rest of the mall was sparse, but you would never guess it was a Tuesday night upon entering.  The joint was hopping.  I found a vacant seat at the bar and grabbed their wine list.  I usually start with a white, but my mood was askew due to the onset of cool weather and early sunset.  After a brief study, I requested a glass of Meiomi Pinot Noir.  Score!!  Now, what to do with my hands while I sit here, but of course, an appetizer!  All of my friends can attest that I've been on a calamari quest of late.  Not surprising, I opt for the calamari.While I'm kicking back sipping my savory cherry berry juice, the fellow next to me, a tourist from Connecticut, strikes up a lively conversation.  I discover he works for the Travel Channel, has an exact opposite wine palate from me, and we were both at the same event last Saturday (the Lee's 9th annual Wine Experience).Perfecto!  Little golden rings cooked to lightly crunchy perfection arrive.  Pair them with Maggiano's famous marinara that suggests nuances of garlic, onion, and basil and I'm one happy camper who forgot she was waiting on anything.  The Lens Crafters notification call comes and goes, but I'm not ready to leave just yet, so I order up another glass of wine.  This time I order up a Cline Ancient Vines Zin, which isn't bad at all.
4	My wife and I like the ambiance of this place.  Its really nice to eat outside on the balcony.  They have decent wines, the food is pretty good, healthy portions and friendly staff.  i recommend this place.
4	We eat here every time in Vegas.  It very consistent.  It is very good for large groups as it serves the traditional large sizes.  Service is always good, food is always good.  My noodles were a little over cooked this time so I knocked them down to a 4 star otherwise they are 5 star all the way.
5	Second time here and first time to review. A friend of ours made dinner reservations for Sat evening by the window and within 10 mins of arrival, we were seated right above The Strip facing the Wynn. My recommendation is to bring 3 friends so you can order the "Family Style" meal on the back of the menu. There are three price points and we chose the $30.95/PP. You choose and everyone shares 2 salads, 2 appetizers, 2 pasta dishes, 2 entrees, and 2 deserts. And if you want more, just ask. It is AYCE. :)My rating is for the "Family Style" experience.
5	First time visit. Great view of strip at table. Wonderful atmosphere. Great food. Good prices. Great service.
4	My in-laws love this place so we went for dinner with a group of 8 with their CHASE rewards.First of all, make sure you make your reservations really far in advance. They made them a couple weeks ahead of time on a weekend and there still was only a 5:30 or 9:30 reso. if you make a reservation for a large group of people they make you wait for everyone to get there to sit down. This was annoying because the last two in our party were late and we were getting hungry.The ambiance was really cool! The lighting is nice for a large group or a date. Their service was ok. The server poured the rest of our bottle of wine and then didn't ask us if we wanted another bottle. We weren't finished with our meal so I thought that wasn't very smart of him.... More $$ more tip...The food was pretty good for a corporate place. Very corporate, like a Buca Di Beppo or a Macaroni Grill but a little bit better. I give it a 4 instead of a 3 because I feel it wasn't just "ok". The atmosphere and the singer guy with an accordion player accompaniment really stepped up the review from a 3 to a 4 star.
4	A solid 4 stars.....This place was pretty damn good. I know it's a chain and I would have thought I would have been to one by now considering they are all over the place in the DMV area. Surprisingly so, I had not and my first visit to a Maggiano's Little Italy in Las Vegas was a pleasant one. When I arrived they had to tap a keg for a Newcastle that I wanted, this was sort of annoying because it felt like forever but I was watching football (and gambling on it) at the time.Our waitress was a real sweetheart, and she checked on us regularly. I had a few (2) beers before my meal and they didn't seem to mind. The ambiance was really cool, but I could have told it was a chain type restaurant even if I didn't know. The food was great. They brought out bread before the meal and we weren't very hungry so I didn't order an appetizer. I had the center cut filet mignon and the person I was with had the salmon salad. We were both very pleased with the overall meal. I was very pleased with this chain restaurant and would go back again.
3	Long line so I expected something spectacular. It was just average Italian food with a high price.
1	Terrible customer service.  We called a month in advance to make Thanksgiving reservations.  We flew in from Philly and flew my brother in...for his birthday....from L.A.  When we got to Vegas, we called to move the reservation an hour and a half later.    No problem, the girl told us...and she confirmed they knew we were celebrating a birthday AND Thanksgiving.  We arrived only to learn they had closed at 8, one hour BEFORE we were supposed to be there.  I confirmed the time I had called, and they confirmed that a note was in our reservation.  Nevertheless, although the restaurant was PACKED, they refused to seat us. They offered a weak apology...not even a free drink....and our Thanksgiving was ruined.  Terrible, terrible customer service.
2	First let me say I really enjoy the food and atmosphere at Maggianos.  We go there often, but unfortunately, I can't say the same for their Thanksgiving Dinner menu.  We made reservations for 5:00 pm (a month ago) at their Las Vegas location and they did not seat us until 6:15 pm.  I was not happy, but really try to make the best of this special day.  Waiter was overworked, came to our table maybe three times.  I felt like the whole thing was a big rush, did not enjoy at all.  Could have stayed home, cooked and saved the money we spent.  I will go back, but not on any major holidays.  Oh yeah last but not least THE FOOD was mediocre!  I know, I can't believe it!  The best part of that night was leaving.  That comment was from my 7 yo son.  Lol
5	Well, we come here a couple of times a year when we are in Vegas. Tonight we had an excellent server, Frank. He's a tall "New Yawk" boy.We had several requests throughout the meal, which were all attended to promptly, and with a genuine smile. We really enjoyed the excellent service and sunny disposition.
4	I've been to Maggiano's before and didn't think that much of it.  However, Vegas Maggiano's may be your "What should we eat" dinner place.  I thought it was so worth it paying like $15 for pasta rather than paying the same amount for pho.  Plus, it feels like you can just sit down and chill.  The food is typical Italian chain so you can't go wrong.
4	We went here the past Tuesday for lunch and I got what I normally order since I am not a fan of pasta, the salmon entree with spinach and potatoes.  The last time I had this was probably last year.When my food arrived, I was surprised to find that my potatoes were on a small plate while the nicely cooked salmon, placed on top of bed of spinach topped with capers and lemon and herb butter, was on another.  The salmon was as good as I remembered, but the potatoes weren't the same.  Better!  They used to come on the same plate as the salmon and was plain roasted, nothing unique.  But now, they are nice and crisp and WOW, it adds a different texture as an accompaniment to my fish and I am loving this entree more than ever before!I usually only finish half of this entree but this time around, I finished the entire meal and yes, I was happily full.Additionally, our waitress provided our party with exceptional service.  Her service is comparable to that of a waitress at Joel Robuchon (I know, bold statement, but she is that wonderful).
5	I've been sick for the last week and was soooo sick of liquids and soups that I wanted something hearty. I always somehow or another crave pasta; ALWAYS! So decided to have lunch here and get some Nordstrom shopping done.Other than pasta, I had been craving fish. Luckily, the waitress sealed the deal on my dish when she said I could substitute my potatoes with pasta. So, I got the grilled salmon with lemon and thyme, sauteed spinach (with pasta and garlic and olive oil). It was sooooo good. Exactly what I had been craving. Fresh and light tasting fish with my pasta fix!Friend had their "famous Rigatoni D" which is pretty delicious. Rigatoni and penne pasta have to be my favorite kinds of pasta. Prolly because I hate having to "slurp" up the long stringy pastas. And mushrooms and onions added to the ringatoni always make for deliciousness and a happy Laurie =)With it being cold lately, it was nice to end the lunch with some tea. I think I had some apricot or peach tea and friends had the peppermint tea. Great that they had big tea collection.The service was prolly the best I've ever had there. Had to tip the waitress well just based on her refilling my waters like crazy that day. Kept having to tell her that I was really thristy and sorry for always coming back for refills.
4	Before going to a show, we decided to get a bite to eat at Maggiano's. Though I should say many bites as the portions at Maggiano's are huge!I ordered the rustic chicken and shrimp al forno with a Caesar's salad. It was really good. In fact my mom and her friend liked it so much they wished they had ordered it. The only bad part was I had to go out of town the next day so I wasn't able to keep the leftovers. It worked out great for my mom's friend though, who offered to take the leftovers!
3	Place was packed on a Sunday night - we opted to sit at a high top in the bar area. Unfortunately we were just inside the door and every time somebody went in or out we got blasted with a strong cold wind.  Service was friendly but pretty slow. The salads were huge and delicious. The chicken piccata was rather odd - the pasta was served in its own bowl on the side. I did my best to mix it with the chicken.
4	Had dinner last night with the family and I'm giving them 4.5 stars for the service and the food.  The wait is rather long, that's why I gave it 4.5 and the food is a little pricey.  Our server was very attentive and always smiling whenever she comes to our table, making sure that we have what we need.  I ordered the Lobster carbonara.  It was very good, with lots of lobster meat (it's mostly from the claw).  They have big portions, so my daughter, my husband, and I have to bring home half of our food.  I will go back to this restaurant because of the food and service.
4	Always a great choice for Italian, and surprisingly, for being on the strip, they have the best prices in town!I'm never disappointed when I come here.  The food is fantastic, the service is great, and the ambiance is grand, with views of the strip throughout most of the restaurant!I recommend this place with two thumbs up!
3	We've always liked our normally pretty flawless dining experiences here.  But on this particular occasion, when of course I was introducing the restaurant to two friends, the wheels of service largely came off the tracks.  We had reserved a booth that overlooked picture windows facing Strip hotels across the street, but it wasn't ready when we arrived.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a booth to be cleared, which was no big deal.  But it established a pattern of service being at least two beats behind all night.For starters, I ordered Calamari Fritte and Crab & Shrimp Imperial, a special of the day.  I also ordered a cup of Tuscan Sausage & Orzo Soup and a side of Caesar Salad before my entree of Linguine & Clams.  Bread arrived first, which was good and crusty.  But our Iced Teas and soft drinks were not brought forth until 10 minutes after the presentation of bread, EVO, and butter.  And, one soft drink was missing.  So were two of four bread plates and a knife.  Soon afterward, the appetizers arrived.  Unfortunately, so did both my soup and salad.  Four items were plopped on the table at the same time--all of them mine.  Although jammed up with food, I did my best to race through the appetizers before my soup got cold, and largely succeeded by taking half of each appetizer home.  The Crab & Shrimp Imperial, consisting of Crab-stuffed Lobster with Herb Bread Crumbs and Lobster Cream Sauce over Orzo pasta, was simply excellent.  It was also very filling.  The deep-fried calamari was uncharacteristically undercooked, but still fairly tasty--especially dipped in the Lemon Aioli that was prepared on request.  The accompanying Marinara Sauce was also good and mellow.  As before, the Tuscan Sausage & Orzo Soup did not disappoint.  The fennel-flavored soup packed an unusual but welcome taste of mild sausage, fresh tomatoes, celery, and white beans.  The side of Caesar Salad was a generous helping of cool and crisp Romaine greens with Focaccia Croutons and grated Parmesan Cheese.  Linguine & Clams with invisible but tasty White Clam Sauce was a nice pasta dish that boasted both fresh and chopped clams.  But, unfortunately, only 7 fresh clams were present, which not only seemed meager but were far less than I had enjoyed on a previous occasion.  And, I bit down on a small piece of clam shell that was included in the mix.   Garlic Bread Focaccia was not very garlicky at all.  And, inexplicably, the cheesy Fontina Potatoes that my wife had ordered did not arrive at our table until 20 minutes beyond the third of three promises of "2 minutes longer" by our server, just AFTER our packaged leftovers had been handed to us.  Obviously, we didn't want additional starch any more at a point when we were about to leave the premises.  After an apology by our server that seemed sincere, the still steaming potatoes were packaged in a baking tin and presented to us again without charge.The quality of ingredients and tastiness of what I ate were mostly sound as always.  And, kudos and an extra 1/2-star to restaurant management for calling to report that my missing Kindle had been found on the floor of our booth, before I raced back to retrieve it right after midnight.  So, 3-1/2 stars on an off night.
4	Excellent food and atmosphere. TOURISTS:  if you have leftover food, take it with u and walk to the nearest pedestrian bridge and give it to one of the many homeless there.
2	I had dinner here with three co-workers last Wednesday night (1/11/2012). The ambiance was nice and the wait staff very friendly and efficient. We ordered the family style dining option and the appetizers were excellent. We have the Mozzarella Marinara, Spinach & Artichoke al Forno, Garlic Bread Focaccia, and Italian Tossed salad. For dinner we ordered Gnocchi & Italian Sausage, Four-Cheese Ravioli, Baked Rigatoni Pomodoro, and Braised Beef Ravioli. The main dishes were overly sauced and the pasta was over cooked. I could not even eat the gnocchi...it was like eating balls of paste.This restaurant is highly rated by many on Yelp so it is possible we were just there on a bad night but I will find it hard to return after my last experience. I don't think that anyone in my group was terribly impressed.
4	Great place! Great food!
5	We hosted our Wedding Reception at Maggiano's Las Vegas. It was the perfect place for our wedding reception! Cassy was extremely helpful and always responded to my emails in a timely fashion. I also appreciated how she genuinely cared that I was getting the most for my money. She made great suggestions about how to spend the money toward our room minimum. The workers at Maggiano's did a fantastic job setting up our reception. It looked even better than I had imagined it would. There was SO MUCH food and it was all delicious! My guests all loved the food and some said it was the best food they had ever had at a wedding. This venue is a one stop shop, they referred me to a great DJ, bakery, florist, and limo service too! Thank you so much to everyone at Maggiano's!
4	First time at Maggiano's and Ill definitely be back! I had the skirt steak with green peppercorns for lunch and it was great!! Fries needed some work, hence the 4/5. Server was very sweet and attentive. I will definitely be back!!
5	So my bf and I decided to eat here while we were at the fashion show mall. He kept raving to me how good it was so I wanted to try it. And he was RIGHT!! It is absolutely delicious. It's fine dining so of course service was great as well.
4	We stopped here at the last minute. Managed to get a table quickly on a busy night. Best to get a reservation if you want to go. Pricing is better than most. The food was wonderful. Everything we ordered, including the dessert, was at least a 4/5 rating. The service was excellent. Friendly and just the right amount of attention without hovering. The view of the strip and the Wynn is a nice taste of Las Vegas. The roving musicians I can take or leave. It's a bit coercive when you are asked if you want a song for your lady in front of her, and knowing that they expect payment.
4	i haven't been to maggiano's for about 5 years.  but it still has the same solid food.  *this location is inside the fashion show mall**they only serve the dinner menu...no lunch specials*we came for a light lunch at the bar at 1pm.  maggiano's actually fit the bill because we shared the following: a italian toss side salad and an order of spaghetti meatballs.  hubby had beer on draft which came in a tall (but skinnier than usual) glass.italian toss side salad - we opted for the side salad portion simply because we didn't      want leftovers.  romaine lettuce, arugula, red onions, tomatoes, croutons,      peppercinis with a light viniagrette dressingspaghetti meatballs - rather MEATBALL, no s.  it was a big meatball though.       spaghetti was a smaller portion than expected.  however, it was perfect for our      purposes.  i love to add red pepper flakes in my pasta.the lady working the bar area did a great job taking orders, serving, etc.
4	Standard maggianos fare, which is always a good meal for the $. Service and drinks seemed sharper in Vegas than Atlanta where I usually go.
3	OK. I am not  a connoisseur of  Italian eateries, but I have been to enough  Italian restaurants in my time to give a solid review. First, my friends and I made reservations for 7 pm on a Saturday evening 3 days in advance. We get to the restaurant at 6:55pm and the hostess gave  us the pager gadget and says it will be a few minutes. Half an hour later, we still have not been seated yet. I wonder why we  even bothered to make reservations. In my book, you make a reservation for a certain time and when that time comes,  you get seated. that is the point of making a RESERVATION and the basic meaning of the word. This is a big NO NO in my book. That is either poor planning or mismanagement or both. If I am gonna spend some bills in a fancier style restaurant, I expect to be taken care of. that is what I am paying for and have no problem doing so.  The silver lining ,if there is one, is that we weren't the only ones. there were numerous folks there having the same frustrations and issues with this topic and wishing to speak to the manager. Not a good sign. the waitress was nice enough and adequate though. the only issue I had with her is that we got our vinegar and oil for our bread, but guess what, no bread. only after 20 minutes and asking did we receive our bread. again, not what I expect from a  purported higher class establishment. the food was adequate but not what I would call earth shattering. the calamari was tasty and the Rigatoni D was tasty and sauce was good. I have had better and worse.  my friends all liked what they got from what they told me. Overall, mediocre experience at best.One thing I have learned over the years is that  you can tell a lot about a place by the way they keep the bathrooms and I must say that was horrible and maybe the worst I have ever seen except for a few roadside gas stations in my days. It  was an absolute mess with dirty paper towels, water, all over the floor and overall condition to be filthy. again, I hope they don't keep the kitchen like the do the restroom. I don't even want to think about that.  Overall, not a horrible experience but not one for the books either. In my opinion, Carrabas easily matches and super cedes Maggianos overall for a much better eating experience and price. Oh,  Almost forgot, I will give a 4 or 5 on the overall ambiance and feel of the restaurant.  It was a comfortable and luxurious setting, and decorated nicely but unfortunately, the wrapping on the package was much better than the gift inside.
4	The ambiance was my favorite part.  We made reservations around 6:30 pm on Saturday.  The earliest seating was at 9:15 pm.  We arrived at the fashion show mall, parked, and wondered our way out front to the entrance of Maggiano's.  I always love the atmosphere in these kind of places.  I'm not a big fan of Italian food, so don't read too much into my comments about the food.  The Calamari Fritte was a bit greasy with too much oil, but was overall pretty good.  The marinara dipping sauce was superb.  We also had stuffed mushrooms, which were really good.  They were stuffed with spinach and topped with seasoned bread crumbs and served in a garlic white wine sauce.  My fiance and I shared a bowl of Linguine di Mare.  It had lobster, shrimp, clams, & mussels with noodles in a spicy lobster tomato broth.  It was pretty good.  Lots of meat.  Very filling.  A man with a guitar and another man with an accordion serenaded us with a romantic Italian song.  Simply romantic.  We had nice seats facing Las Vegas Boulevard.  We lingered a while after paying the bill, but the server stopped refilling our water.  This bothered me a little.  I was unusually thirsty and could not seem to get enough.  The bill was almost $60.  We had to take an alternate route back to the car because The Fashion Show Mall was closed.  I enjoyed this experience and would go again, but would prefer some place else because I'm not a big fan of Italian food.
4	I've heard about Maggiano's for awhile and finally got the chance to eat at one of their restaurants when I was in Vegas for business.  Since there were 7 of us, we decided to order family style...  $31 a head and we choose two appetizers, two salads, two pastas, two entrees, and two desserts, all you can eat!We ordered the calamari and mussels, chopped and Italian salad, spaghetti and meatballs and linguine with clams (white sauce) the chicken marsala and tilapia, and the tiramisu and s'mores special dessert.  Calamari was great, but I was a little disappointed in the mussels.  Too many white beans in the mix for me.  The salads were good.  Linguine was good and the meatballs on the spaghetti were HUGE! The tilapia wasn't too fishy and was nice and moist and we LOVED the chicken marsala.  Both desserts were great as well.Big points for our waiter, Noel, as well.  He was very helpful, professional, and attentive through our stay.  He encouraged us to eat more and even gave us many containers to take home our leftovers in.  The spaghetti and chicken marsala were still great the next day, as well as the desserts!
4	When it comes to Vegas restaurants, this would not have been my first choice. There is one near my house and I prefer to eat at places I have never been while I am on vacation, but it was my friends birthday dinner. We had a party of 11, so we had to order off the family style menu. We looked at the menu in advance so we already knew what we would be getting when we got there. We ordered the Fried Mozzarella and Stuffed Mushrooms to start. For entrees we ordered a Lobster Carbonara, Chicken Parmesan, Beef Medallions and a Bow Tie Pasta. We thought we would get one plate of each, but they brought 2 of each, one for each end of the table.  We where well fed. Dessert was my favorite. House made terramissu and Apple Cobbler. Wonderful! Our server was wonderful too. She was very friendly and attentive. Our drinks never ran dry. It was a great experience. =)
5	Maggiano's is must go and enjoy great ambiance. The service was attentive and the food was delicious!
4	Family style is the way to go if at all possible when visiting here. Doing this for lunch, however, does have its down side. You will have left overs. Be prepared to take something home and enjoy it the next day.The place is huge and though I am sure it gets crowded we were able to be seated outside in great weather without reservations on a Sunday slightly earlier than the lunch hour in March.
4	I just love Maggiano's. Not usually a fan of big chains, but I just love them. I have one close to where I live and ate there only because we had been given a gift certificate. While in Vegas with my family, I insisted we have a big family meal at Maggiano's. We made reservations for 7:30 on a Tuesday night. We arrived on time, but had to wait more than thirty minutes to be seated. The place was totally packed, so we had to stand, smashed together, in the bar area while we waited. That sucked, and made me wonder why we bothered with reservations.Our server was extremely busy (there was an 18 top in our section), but he did a fantastic job, considering how busy he was, and how many questions and picky orders my family came up with.The food was fantastic. I ordered the spinach artichoke appetizer and the eggplant parmesan. Everyone at the table absolutely loved the spinach artichoke. However, we prefered it on the table bread, as opposed to the "crostini" it's served with. The little pieces of crostini are too small and too hard for the yummilicious, creamy, piping hot, rich spinach artichoke dip. My eggplant parm was beautiful and delicious. Unfortunately, in total vegas style, it was enormous. A small family could have shared it (I have a big family....haha). It was just perfect. I'm not used to whole pieces of roasted garlic in my eggplant parm, but they were delightful little treats to discover here and there. It couldn't have been better, honestly. Four meals came out of it- the one that night, a midnight snack later, my meal on the plane the next day, and my husband's lunch the next day. It was even delicious cold!For desert, my sister ordered the 5 desert platter. It had tiramisu, cheesecake, chocolate cake, apple pie ala mode, and....I can't remember the last one. It was so pretty- and only $9.95. The whole table shared it, and we still had leftovers. I'm not a fan of sweets, so I only nibbled a couple things. My sister said it was the best cheesecake she'd ever had.All in all, it was a fantastic night. I remember sitting back for a moment, looking around the table... everyone was laughing, eating, and having a wonderful time.
4	The food here is always plentiful, tasty, and the service always sublime. If I had to pick a chain of Italian, it's definitely Maggiano's!
4	I come to this restaurant every time I'm in Las Vegas. The evening I went it was crowded and the waiter seemed stressed. Even though we had reservations they still made us wait 15 min. They seem to do this every time I come here. The view is fabulous! The food was perfect. It was my birthday so they brought me cookies. The only complaint I have is the restrooms were filthy. Both men and women's.
4	When we arrived at Vegas, it was late night. We just want to have something simply, not too oily or heavy, and then we found this Italian restaurant within 5 minutes walk from Trump. The environment is lovely. There is a violinist playing beautiful songs from table to table. The food were fabulous. We had crab cake for appetizer. The crab was fresh and delicious. I had sauteed shrimps with risotto and it was fantastic. The rice was creamy but not to soft. Shrimp was cooked just enough. My friend has salmon with pasta. It looked nice too.
2	The atmosphere is alright, and the food is good. Nothing special. But the service is exceptionally terrible. I stopped "giving it another try" because I just couldn't take it anymore. It amazes me that a place can consistently have bad service in Las Vegas. No thank you.
5	LOVE IT!! food was delicious.
3	I'm giving it a 3 because I have had some very good meals there. But today I had their Shrimp Risoto Special and it was pretty terrible. Not inedible. But not up to their normal quality. I know Risoto can be a tough dish, but if you can't make it well maybe you should just stay away from it.
5	My wife and I, along with our couple friends, stopped by Maggiano's as we were walking down The Strip. We ordered the Tomato Caprese for an appetizer that was very tasty, The dishes are massive in portion and the food is delicious!. Ordered the mozzarella and it was  delicious. Had the New York Strip Steak and the Veal Porterhouse and split both of them. The NY Strip and  the Veal Porterhouse was absolutely wonderful. It was perfectly grilled and  tender. Remember they  serve nice big portions so please share them.They always have Sinatra playing in the background.Two people were roaming playing songs for you.
5	I had the most amazing time here. The food was perfect, the atmosphere was so romantic and the service was impeccable.
4	Yes, Maggiano's is a chain restaurant that can be found in most US states.Yes, it's just typical, hearty Italian dishes.Yes, it gets pretty packed here at this particular one.And yes, I had a pretty awesome experience here even though I would have preferred to dine at a Michelin starred or famous celebrity chef's restaurant here in LV.I joined some of my old colleagues from my previous job here for dinner during the Interop convention. We had a driver take us from our hotel to this restaurant so there was obviously NO parking problem. :)We had a table reserved for about 6 of us and we were seated promptly. The place was JAMPACKED for a weeknight. But everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their meals and their service. It can definitely get pretty damn loud here.We ordered tons of different pasta, chicken, seafood and dessert dishes. Everything served family style of course. Everything that came out tasted wonderful. I honestly didn't wanna look like a mcfatty pig in front of some of the executives I was dining with so I kept my portions on my plate pretty small. But when dessert came out...I opted to eat my full slice of cheesecake all to myself AND of course nibble on some of the other dessert plates that were still sitting there in the middle of our table.Our waiter/waitresses were all very friendly. And service was quite efficient.Would I dine at this particular Maggiano's again? Hmmm, well I have about a million bookmarked spots to try out, so I probably won't be coming back here anytime soon just due to the fact that I already know it's standard Italian food. But I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's not that adventurous with other types of food and just want to enjoy their night with a hearty dinner at a well-known chain restaurant.
1	I clearly have a different opinion of this place compared to other reviews. this was my second visit here. the first being a few years ago. I do not even know where to begin. The place is wall to wall people. So crammed on top of one another. It is so loud you cannot hear what the other people at your table are saying. The tables are not big enough for the amount of people they seat at them. We were 6 people squished in a table which was meant for 4.Our server may have been new so I will try to cut him some slack. but he did get alot of our order wrong. Our drinks were mixed up, it took forever to get our appetizers, the entrees came pretty quickly. but one was wrong. The dessert was the worst part. My sister brought in a cake for my nephews birthday, and it took nearly an hour before it arrived. By this point we asked that it be put back in the box to take home. The food was not good. There are so many better options for Italian food. Real Italian food. To me this is on the same level of Olive Garden. The one shining star of the meal was the spinach and artichoke dip. it was one of the best I have ever had. Save your money go elsewhere, where you can have a great meal and a nice conversation. I for one will never go back.
5	We had out-of-town friends who took us there.  GADS!How I wish we had visited this place on our own!The grub is great.  The prices are great.  The service is great.  The out-of-town guests were great.  As usual, my wife continues to be great.This place is really worth a visit.
4	i would give it 5 stars.... any other time i would give this place 5 stars - because this place )and the bay area, CA one is amazing and have never had a negative moment....BUT when i went 4/16/2012 - this evening - the inside host was absolutely pure rudeness!! first we went in with a reservation (why one makes reservations here - you still got to wait) we were early so that worked out because we got in just about right after our reservation time... when we walked in we were welcomed by 2 host, the girl on the right when you walk in took our name, and we asked her if we could sit outside, she rudely walkie her outside host and told us no seats available, we took our page and as we did I assured with her we would be seated outside, she said yes just wait until its our actual reservation.... our buzzer page and we came inside to thesame host, and she told us to step to the side and wait to be seated, I said "well be seated outside, right?" host, "no, you never said anything about wanting to be outside, if you wanted to sit outside all you had to do was ask the outside host and be seated out there", here I bit my tongue from yelling or getting loud and i informed he that she never said any of that and that I had mentioned more than twice that we wanted to sit outside and recalled for her how she even called out to the outside host, the host stated "oh that wasn't me, you must have talked to someone else" so lets just say this went on for a few minutes, i was VERY UPSET!!we had to walk ourselves outside and talk to the outside host ourselves to be seated.... our waiter Miguel - took our mind off it, made us laugh and was so good spirited....he also can carry a couple arm full of dishes....food is good!!
4	It was my first time there and I have to say that I love the atmosphere. It is very open yet intimate. Our server was awesome and the food is Amazing! The only complaint I have is the tiramisu was well below average.
4	I normally would've given Maggiano's a 3 star rating, but they earned an extra star for dealing with our pain in the ass party! Long story short, 17 of my closest girlfriends and I visited Vegas. We made the reservation, then made our choices for appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert. We showed up 45 minutes late on a Saturday night. I was having panic attacks the entire way to the restaurant because I WORK in a busy restaurant, and I know the repercussions of being almost an hour late with a party of 18 on a Saturday night. They were very patient, and we had an amazing private room...it was in a wine closet. So fun! Our waiter was awesome. The food was okay...typical Italian (upscale) chain fare.
3	After walking for what seemed hours(and probably was), my family and I decided to eat here.  It's conveniently located in the Fashion Show Mall...so after a day's shopping and gambling at the nearby Venetian and Palazzo...some Italian food sounded good.We went around 3PM, so it was not crowded at all.  We were immediately seated and service was prompt.  The appetizer we chose which was stuffed mushrooms was quite delicious and I would order these again.My dish was a Shrimp Risotto which wasn't a part of the regular menu, but a special they had.  I thought it was good, but it didn't "wow" me.  I probably wouldn't order it again.My mom had a Beef Tenderloin dish...and because she invariably cannot finish her meal, she offered some to me.  I found the beef to be very good, and in fact wished I had ordered that instead.My brother ordered a Lobster Carbonara dish which he was disappointed with because they mistakenly did not put bacon in the dish...even though it is listed and most carbonara's should have it.  I got a bite of the lobster in it and thought it was okay.Overall, the meal was good and I would probably eat here again, but would try another dish.  The prices here are not too bad.  About $60 for three of us including appetizer and drinks.
5	Great dinner & great prices for Southern Italian food.  Excellent service from our server.
5	Love love love Maggianos! The service is always fantastic, the food is even better, and the drinks never disappoint. The patio has a nice little view of the Wynn and the strip. Maggianos never disappoints!
4	We made reservations for Maggiano's through Yelp...and it was so fast and easy!  I would highly recommend making reservations through Yelp, if it has the option.  I believe it was linked to Foursquare?? Not sure though.  We took my mom out for a late Mother's Day dinner.  It wasn't crowded; which was great...though it got a bit crowded after 6pm.  While, we waited for my mom to arrive we sat at the bar.  My husband got a beer and he got a little surprise!  The glass in which the bartender poured the beer had a lipstick mark.  It was gross.  He told the bartender and looked at it in shock.  He gladly switched it out.  We went with the family style "classic" option which includes 2 appetizers, salads and desserts & 4 entrees.  We got the calamari and zucchini for appetizer.  The ceasar and spinach salad.  The chicken parm, grilled salmon, spaghetti w/ meatballs and gnocchi w/ italian sausage.  Spumoni ice cream and tiramisu for dessert.  My favorite was the calamari, cesar salad, chicken parm and desserts...everything else is okay.  I didn't care to much for the salmon, though.  The portions were huge; had to take a lot of it home.  I didn't understand how they just put the ice cream in a warm bowl...by the time we got it, it was melted.  Maybe they should put it in an ice bowl??  The waiter was nice and service was quick.  View is nice...oversees the Wynn properties.  There is also a man that walks around in his violin to play music for you; which I believe you have to tip him. It's a good place to eat if there is a big group of you and craving Italian food.
1	After extremely abusive service at Maggiano's tonight, I'm calling it quits. The food was burned and the server was so rude that we didn't feel comfortable with the scene that we thought complaining would have caused. It went sort of comical at first, but the longer the service continued for, the more abusive it got until it was downright hostile at the end.It all started with drinks we ordered at the bar; the hostesses told us it would be a 20-25 minute wait, so we ordered there. Our table was ready in 10, so we settled up at the bar (the bartender was incredibly nice, btw) and took he drinks to our seat. The waitress was clearly agitated that we already had drinks and said she didn't bring us bread because we might have just gotten that at the bar too (you only get bread with dinner, so that was a very clear dig). My girlfriend said "are we being punished for having drinks already?" when the waitress left the table, and it was obvious we were.  She paid attention to the table's around us and didn't even make eye contact with us. She finally asked about the food hallways through our meal by saying "it's good, right" while looking at the plate of burned cannelloni that was sitting mostly uneaten (I'm posting pictures). When a server asked a question like that as brusquely as she did, she sin't looking for the truth, so I kept my mouth closed while my girlfriend said her dinner was fine. She asked us if we wanted desert or more drinks and when we said no, she plopped down our dirty plates back down at the edge of the table and stormed off to get our check. She dropped it at the table and that was the last we saw of her. We talked it over while trying to make change between the two of us and left her a 10% tip. I don't believe in less than 15% typically (we left the bartender 30%), but she was so rude I think that I should have left nothing.  I used to take people here all the time (and it was recommended in my Las Vegas list) because the atmosphere was nice, the view is great and the food was reliable. Lately, none of that has been true and I'm done trying to weather out a bad time at Maggiano's. I've been to this location 5 times in the last year (I'm the duke of checkins here on Yelp), but tonight will probably be the last. Disinterested service I can overlook and even incapable service is something I'll suffer through for decent food or the right occasion. I've learned my lesson tonight though; there are too many better places that are only a stones throw away.
2	Pretty dreadful service one afternoon recently for lunch. I really hate when servers decide whether to give good service to tables on whether they think the customers will leave a good tip. Our water glasses sat empty for over a half hour while our waiter filled other tables' glasses and avoided eye contact with us. He delivered our salads and then extremely awkwardly reached over us to get the remaining place settings. I understand that might be a corporate policy but why would you set food down, ask if you can get anything else (usually a good indicator it is okay to start eating) and then reach over your guests? Wrong order of things, weird waiter. That was the last time he visited our table before we were finished, leaving our salad bowls for our enjoyment. I also had a discount that said nothing about not being valid on weekends but they would not honor it. The other staff was not super friendly either, so I did not feel that complaining would elicit a response.This was a one star experience overall but the food is truly amazing here that I have to give them two. They also had the large lunch menu displayed outside the restaurant when they were not serving their lunch menu on weekends. What a weird day at Maggiano's.
3	Came here for an early dinner around 5 pm.we got seated within 2 minutesdrinks and appetizers came quick, we got the margherita flatbread was goodstuffed mushrooms eh was not goodThe entrees were huge but took 35 minutes after appetizers to come out, at this point we were full and packed most of it to go.baked rigatoni really SALTY!!! and i didnt like the paprika in my pastashrimp fettecini alfredo nothing speciallinguine and clams was decentThe service was average.I would come back and get outdoor seating and just order appetizers and drinksim still looking for a good italian place in vegas
1	First, the good part: waiter and manager were very receptive and friendly and tried their best to help. Also, decor and space is fine-- clean and open, what you expect from an upscale chain. The bad part: the salads we ordered looked like a pre-made salad that you can buy in a bag at the supermarket. The first time it came out there were wilted pieces and they forgot to add the chicken. They were very apologetic and brought out new salads. This time they came out without wilted leaves, but still the produce was as dry and brittle as the first time. The chicken was also overcooked, dry. Maybe I wouldn't mind so much if it wasn't a $13 salad. I didn't expect anything fancy, but I do want carefully prepared and fresh food. We then wondered if maybe it wasn't the fault of the restaurant, but of their food suppliers--the cost of being a chain restaurant. But then we went across to the street to the Wynn and had a delicious, vibrant, salad. So though I appreciate Maggiano's eager and friendly service and pleasant decor, I think they would do better to focus on the quality of their food.
3	Maggiano's is well umm I guess just another chain restaurant in the Brinker International group alongside Chili's. The food here always tastes good though and it's way more nice than a Chili's (trust me...I used to work at a Chili's T_T). I really enjoyed the violinist that walked around the room playing guests favorite song. I share the shrimp scampi and it was okay. Nothing too stunning or extraordinary in my senses.Good service, clean tables, tidy restrooms and prompt service.
1	We had high expectations based on the reviews but were very disappointed. Calamari was extremely salty and overcooked (dark brown). Lasagna was cold in the middle. Seafood was strong flavored suggesting it was fresh.  Paste was overcooked and mushy.  Bread was stale.  Price was way out of range from quality ($100 for two people).
4	I really enjoy the food here. I ordered to take out because I didn't wanna eat by myself and look all weird at an upscale restaurant...that's just no.Service on the take out was quick simple and easy, by the time I got to the cashier, the man was already there, it was a big guy and had a healthy complexion. I was going to receive change but I told the guy to keep it since he was there ready for me.Italian food vs. italian food; Way better than olive gardens old bland food (i'll check them out again though since they did try to change for the better), 5 times better! I only got one dish just to try and check the food out.*Chicken & Spinach Manicotti, full of flavor! Chicken had a natural chicken flavor with slight seasoning, the spinach wasn't overbearing and just helped compliment the dish, texture had a slight crisp and softness to it which had a really fine balance, it was superb in my opinion. Not too salty or dry. The ricotta cheese and alfredo sauce blends in perfectly, although the ricotta was just a tad on the stronger side.I'll definitely be coming back.
5	We had a great dinner and drinks. The food tasted great.
3	It's like every other Maggianos, but it's on the Strip  in the Fashion Show Mall which means it's BEYOND BUSY1 piece of advice : MAKE A RESERVATIONUnless you'd like to sit at the bar but even then, it might take them forever and a day to get to you. Even though it was busy are service was efficient & fast.Probably won't be coming back to this location since we were in Vegas just for the weekend, plus it was WAY too crowded for my liking.On the plus: complimentary bread, & splitting meals isn't a big deal
4	We ate here with a party of 10. The service was great. The food was good. We ordered baked sausage ziti, ravioli, lasagna, and pork chops. It was also a walk away from Ti. They also have a great happy hour for cocktails. I would return to this place for sure!
5	The best Italian food I have ever had from a chain restaurant!  If you are staying in Vegas, get out of your hotel and take a walk to Maggiano's.  You will need the walk back to your hotel to help digest the fantastic meal you just ate.  I have eaten at Maggiano's a number of times around the country and now I find myself seeking them out when I travel.  If you like calamari you must try theirs.  I think my favorite dish so far is Mom's Lasagna.  Be sure to save room for the Tiramisu or Pound Cake with Caramelized Bananas.  They also have a very good wine list.
4	Maggiano's is one of several restaurants in the fashion show mall. Definitely better than venturing into the food court if you have the time. Went here on a Saturday evening they were busy still, my waitress was prompt and courteous. The outdoor patio is wonderful option. The food is yummy with great menu options.
3	Not nearly as good as all the other maggianos but ok for the area.
4	Great Italian food, very nice location, good white table cloth restaurant with reasonable prices. Friendly staff.
1	I have used Maggiano's for meeting functions for over 10 years.  This location is in need of understanding customer service.  I miss the excellent service received from Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and Houston locations.  I won't use this location anymore for my meetings when held in Las Vegas.  I don't think that any of the banquet staff have ever attended a meeting to know what needs and expectations are needed to fulfill a successful event.  I wish them the best...I am moving on.
4	We had lunch here on our first day in Vegas.  The food was excellent, the service was fast and courteous and the atmosphere was really nice.  Nothing was outrageous expensive and although we went there during the day, the view of the Wynn and that end of the Strip was nice.  I was told that this is a chain, but we don't have any in Massachusetts and I never would have guessed... Definitely a great option for italian if you are in town!
4	This food was very good the bread they give is yummy don't eat to much of it you'll get full. The fettuccine Alfredo was good the chicken was very tender except i seen a picture here on yelp and my Alfredo had no broccoli,  my boyfriend had the chicken saltimbocca which he said was really good all together it was wonderful good services and not to expensive
5	I am very happy with Maggiano's. I had been there before and knew I would love the food, but sometimes restaurants will let you down when they have to fulfill an order larger than say 8-10. Not so here. My party was about 40 people, and the food and service was top notch. From the catering managers to the actual staff the day of, everyone was professional, accommodating, and very warm and friendly. I honestly cannot complain about a single thing. Everything I hoped for and expected was fulfilled, if not exceeded. You should definitely consider Maggiano's for a wedding reception or wedding/rehearsal dinner! You will not be let down.
4	I would give this place 5 stars..but our waiter..EVERY time he poured me water, he spilled it. Only mine. -__- First time was a big ass spill..next one went on my bread..third one went on my meal. Come on maaayynn. BUT THE FOOD WAS BOMB DIGGITY!Went to Maggiano's for me, and 2 other friend's birthday dinner with everyone! They have a nice little family meal which is a ridiculous amount of food. But it's all you can eat. Doesn't really explain much,  but if you have a big group..I would suggest that you get that. (Although we didn't order it..lol) Service was pretty good. We got some toasty warm bread (yum) and their butter is so  yums!I ended up ordering the chicken & spinach manicotti. SOOO CREAMY..SO DELIIICIOUS! Comes in 3 decent sized pieces, and I just wanted to savor every bite. It's really quiet in there..none of the other customers talk, so for the most part, my friends and I were the entertainment of the night. We were seated in the back right corner, so we are able to see the other hotels and what not. All of a sudden, we see 4 cop cars chasing this white car, and it stopped right in front of our view. All of us got up and it was so intense!!!  The police ripped the driver out of the car and shoved him to the ground. Ohmygah. That was good stuff. Also, I can't fail to mention..we all got to go boxes and bags..and we took some pictures outside. This was towards the hotels, so away from Maggiano's. My friend left her bag near a trashcan and left her Coach wristlet inside. We were all facing away..when we were done with the picture, she asked where her bag was. We had no idea.. I said to not worry, cause it's just her food..but none of us knew her credit card, iD, and other important things were in it. ANYONE could've taken it! LUCKILY. One of our friends saw 2 homeless men downstairs carrying a Maggiano's bag, and he looked inside the bag and pulled out the food and Coach wristlet! Friend's bf sprinted down the stairs and charged for the guy and said, "GIMME THAT BAG!" & the homeless guy was pissed, but gave it back. If it wasn't for our one friend who saw him, we would've never found it. Just wanted to share the crazy experiences from Maggiano's :] But I would definitely suggest this place! It's really good. Tried all of my friend's food..and perfecto!
5	Not only was the food amazing and reasonably priced for the Strip, they were really accommodating to our time crunch because we were seeing a show after.  My table had gnocchi, chicken parmesan, eggplant parmesan, and the rigatoni D and they were all extremely good.  The only word of advice is to park in Treasure Island or the Wynn/Encore.  The mall parking is far from the restaurant.
5	The portobello ravioli was delicious an we also enjoyed the house rigatoni! Food and service was wonderful. If you are heading this way for dinner I would suggest making a reservation.
3	Great food, good service. The crab cakes were solid; not Pacific NW good but still great for the middle of the desert. Portions were large so wishing my wife and and I would have split and entree. The Lobster Carbonara was excellent. The bacon and lobster gave the spag noodles a rich flavor.
4	I actually find it insane that i'm giving a Maggiano's 4 stars but it happens i guess.This is definitely not fine dining unless you are part of the applebees, red lobster, sizzler crowd.   Not to say the food is bad, it's either good or pedestrian depending on which side of the fence you are on.The reason why i'm giving this place such a high score is because the service was extremely good.  The food was decent but too salty.
5	Excellent food for the price and our waiter Ryan was Awesome! Very friendly and great service. Recommend for Italian food and drinks. A winner and ask for Ryan!
4	Pretty much one of the best places in town for Italian food.  If you wanna do some shopping and get some grub, go to the Fashion Show Mall and find this place.  Greatest Lagasna you will ever have.  And their cheesecake is to die for.  Amazing service and the atmosphere is not stuffy but very nice.  Have a large party or want something more intimate, they pretty much do anything for you here.  And they even have private banquet rooms for parties!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!
4	Maggiano's- Its Happy Hour is NO LONGER AS GOOD AS BEFORE (now 3Stars on my book), although still a great4-Star restaurant for dinner.YELPY DETAILS:- This nice mid-scale restaurant isconveniently located on the strip nearby the lively fashion mall district. It used to be my favorite spot for HH on the strip. It has an inviting bar area with a classy bar counter and several bar tables around, with a good selection of drinks and excellent service. But my wife and I just had an unsatifying HH experience there recently.- One early Fri evening inmid-August, mywife and I came here for happy hour again and were disappointed that:(1) They NOT ONLY took away our favorite "Fried Zucchinis" from the Happy Hour Food Menu,(2) BUT ALSO, the entire bar menu now contained a grand total of ONLY ONE ITEM, i.e., Flatbread! Luckily the flatbread was delicious.- Well, my wife and I used to bring our out-of-town guests here for happy hour and dinner. The place was almost always very crowded with happy customers in the PAST, especially during its happy hour. But, on this Fri evening (around 5:30pm),the bar area was PRACTICALLY EMPTY, with only 2 tables occupied and only ONE customer at the bar counter! We thought it could have a lot to do with the now VERY LIMITED HAPPY HOUR MENU, our nice and efficient waitress agreed.- Well, one more good point: We were nevertheless pleased that they still give out their best tasting warm bread FREE, which tasted heavenly especially dipped in olive oil/basamic vinegar!BOTTOM LINE for HH:- Due to the diminished value and the "Empty-Space-Atmosphere" (on a Fri evening at that!), I'd now give it only 3 Stars for HH.On the other hand, to be fair, just back in March, we brought friends over there for dinner (NOT HH), we did have a fabulous time, with tasty dishes, drinks and superb service! So, we wish that Maggiano Management would do something to bring back their popular HH menu and fill its place again for HH!- Hints: Please put back "Fried Zucchinis", and perhaps even add "Crab Cakes" to its Bar Menu, which is a GREAT HIT on Schottsdale Maggiano's HH Menu anyway!- Until then, I could still go there for a good dinner, but will not likely go back there just for happy hour.Peterskis, August 2012
5	Took a recent trip to vegas and after walking around starving me and my bf decided to try out Maggiano's.  The ambiance is beautiful with rich furnishings and amazing views of the strip. Bread is brought to the table with butter, but there is also olive oil on the table if you prefer to dip with that. We started with an appetizer of tomato caprese that was very good, next we shared the smaller version of the spinach salad that was amazing (bacon, pine nuts, super yummy dressing etc), and finally we split a plate of the chicken parmesan that was a large portion, so big in fact we ended up taking the rest to go in a box. In total, those 3 dishes 1 water and 1 coke was $37 which I thought was very reasonable. The sever was friendly, prompt and attentive. There was also a man with a guitar that would sing you a song at the time if you would like. Overall I liked the mood of the restaurant, the romantic feel, delicious food and wonderful service. No complaints.
4	So my parents were in town visiting and my dad loves Italian food. We were on the strip and I remembered hearing about this place, so we decided to give it a try. This place definitely has some old world charm, it feels a bit like dining at your nonna's house. In typical strip fashion there were some people in prom style dresses and others in basketball shorts, I love Las Vegas! The place is huge and we were seated in a booth that felt a bit claustrophobic. We tried to maneuver the table a bit, but it was a tight fit even for me, and I am pretty small. Regardless, it was a bustling Saturday night and we were seated within a few minutes and our waiter promptly appeared at our table.Of course we started with the bread and it was delicious. I always appreciate olive oil and balsamic with a warm and chewy piece of bread. After checking out the portion sizes on other tables, I opted for a Caprese salad, figuring I could scavenge off of everyone else's plates. The slices of tomato and mozzarella were quite large, I like mine to be a bit more dainty, but they actually had great flavor and it hit the spot for me. I usually add salt to my Caprese, but in this case it was perfectly seasoned. My husband ordered the Rigatoni D, which features chicken, mushrooms, and caramelized onions all tossed in a creamy marsala sauce. It was definitely delicious! I appreciated that the chicken had flavor on its own and each element really brought something to the dish. It was even better reheated the next day! My dad had the baked Ziti and it was also well done. It had a great tomato flavor with a hint of sausage. I stole a little plate and also reheated it the next day for dinner. My mom had the lasagna and it was pretty good. I feel like lasagne is a dish that everyone makes at home and isn't very difficult to make, and they had a pretty standard version. I was very surprised with how well we ate and even more surprised to learn that this is a chain restaurant. It made my picky dad happy and I would definitely return. It is not the best Italian food in town, but not bad if you're in the mall or on the strip and want a good meal at a decent price.
4	We were struggling with trying to have a good reasonably priced dinner for 22 in las Vegas. Everyplace we called wanted us to rent a private room, order from a pricey  catering menu and guarantee a minimum. Believe it or not, the totals were coming up to almost  FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS  including liquor,  tip tax and service charges.  We decided to have the dinner in our suite at Caesars and have maggiano's deliver. Best decision ever. Ashley guided us through the process and we had tons of great food at a fraction of the cost. They delivered on time, set everything up and left. We even had leftovers for lunch the next day. The food was actually better than I thought it would be. Bread, desert,  salad, entrees, everything was great. Would use this place again.  Total tab was under $500. We spent another hundred at the liquor store setting up our bar. Even if you add the cost of our 2 bedroom suite, we're still ahead. First time I won in Vegas.   Great night.
5	Eating here created wonderful memories...from the amazing food, excellent service and romantic violinist , we had an evening to remember.
4	Good food!
5	To many, Maggiano's does not qualify as "fine-dining" establishment, primary because it's a sort of "chain" restaurant, and probably becaues they occasionally offer "deals/discounts."  Nonetheless, my experiences eating @ Maggianos in Los Angeles and in Las Vegas have proven that Maggiano's decor, presentation of foods, service, food taste, and overall dining experience has proven that Maggiano's is "fine-dining" for the regular Joe who likes good Italian food w/o having to skip out on a month's worth of eating out because of one really expensive meal :)My experience @ Maggiano's in Vegas was actually, to a significant degree, better than my few times at the Grove location; our waiter was actually a waiter-in-training, but despite his lack of experience @ Maggiano's, he indicated he had extensive experience at other restaurants.  The first-class service he provided to us, despite his n00b status, indicated to me that Maggiano's did not hire your commonplace waiter who's only job was to write down what you wanted.  Not only was he able to describe to us in great detail the dishes we inquired about, he was also honest about what dishes he tried and would recommend.  Of course, he did press us a bit to order more than just entrees, so he was successful in getting us to order a few appetizers lol But those appetizers were all tasty and worth the price of entry (like $1-2 a person for our table of 8).  Customizing your entree with a variety of different pastas and sauces, and withholding from certain ingredients is expected @ Maggiano's.  They will ask you how you like things and if you aren't keen on a certain ingredient, the cook will gladly make it to your liking.  This also shows that their entrees aren't "mass produced" and  are made-to-order (which is why food takes a bit longer than most to come out).  However, our waiter also promised us that the pasta served was made-on-site and fresh daily, thus enforcing my belief that Maggiano's is a high-caliber restaurant.Finally, one of the best parts of my experience eating @ Maggiano's is the fact that our waiter was extremely friendly, able to hold conversations and joke around with the group, and also treat us almost like a "valued" and welcomed patron of the restaurant.  Yes, we were eating during lunch/daylight hrs and it wasn't too busy, but our waiter made the extra effort and it definitely showed.   Cost for entree & appetizers shared @ the table: $16-20 out the door. For Vegas, that's a great deal for a sit-in restaurant with some amount of class and zero strippers/half naked individuals :)I will definitely return to Maggiano's LV and hope to duplicate this prior positive dining experiences.
2	Too dark booth for our party of 5 began a disappointing dining experience. Caprese salad & Proscuito Bruschetta appetizers. Caprese w flavorless mozzarella.  Our pasta main course was undercooked, although every dish had sat under the heat lamps/salamander too long. So, tough ravioli, penne (wheat) undercooked but meatball was pretty good. Since we were guests, we did not send anything back. I guess it's just difficult for a well established and popular restaurant to consistently produce good food. But that just doesn't make any sense does it?  What makes more sense is that they get so many customers they'll likely never see again, quality doesn't matter. Good thing there is Yelp.
5	Great food, great service.
4	Food was great; staffs are friendly, very pleasant ambiance. Our banquet managers Beth and Sabrina helped us on planning the event -We were 300++ miles away from them, and I didn't have a problem communicating w/ them - they will always respond to my questions (email) about the event planning. They allow us to bring our own microphone, centerpcs and even decorations :) to complete the picture! 4 stars because we only have 1 staff (Javier) helping us - he is very courteous and gracious to attend all our demands, however, it always took him time to come and serve another guest.. Mr. friendly - Manager came to the rescue - apologize and make it up with us :) ..--Bit of advice - the patio -is a little loud so if you are planning to have a solemn or event that needs a quiet environment you should choose their indoor banquets. Overall, salute to Maggiano's - for making our wedding reception, a memorable one..
5	Maggiano's is both my husband and my favorite Italian restaurant to eat at.  It is amazing!  Fresh, flavorful, good portion size, reasonable prices and a fantastic atmosphere (dim, energetic, but not overly loud).  We LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!  Staff is awesome.  Only downfall is without a reservation, you will have a wait (sometimes even with one).
4	For finer dining in Las Vegas, my wife and I typically like going to Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris, which is excellent. Of course, we can't possibly eat there all the time, so during our last Las Vegas trip we also tried Maggiano's Little Italy. I understand this is a national chain (one which I wasn't aware of at all up until now), but if you didn't know that you would assume this was a single independently owned restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice, but not pretentious. Service was rapid and very personable. Like many Italian restaurants, especially on the strip in Vegas, this place is fairly expensive, but if you do not go crazy on drinks and appetizers there are several reasonably priced entrees on the menu. Our bill with tip was under $35, which is very reasonable for the large portions we received, as well as the quality of food and service we experienced. We experienced no real negatives, and the view outside of the Vegas strip while we were dining indoors was spectacular. They also have outdoor seating, though it is limited in the number of available tables. One minor complaint is that they could turn down the air conditioning a notch, but that is a common complaint anywhere indoors in Vegas, not limited solely to this restaurant. We've experienced much colder air conditioning elsewhere in Vegas. They also did not serve butter with there bread, but brought us some butter promptly when we asked for it. Their to-go boxes are of high quality and very usable aluminum. Portion sizes were large enough for us to have leftovers we ended up taking with us on our flight back home. My daughter ended up eating that, and she was very impressed - even though the food had just been reheated in a microwave, instead of more properly in an oven. For the price, this is a well located and enjoyable Italian restaurant. It is well worth checking out in comparison to some of the more outrageously priced (for Arab sheiks?) Italian restaurants on the strip.
4	I always stop by Maggiano's when in Vegas and the rigatoni D ($16.75) never disappoints.The description for the frutti di mare ($21.95)  which is  pasta with lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and spicy lobster tomato broth sounds delicious but it isnt as tasty as it sounds. The sauce was too bland so I ended up eating half of hubby's rigatoni D. Recommended since it's pretty cheap for strip vicinity area and for their delicious rigatoni D. Rigatoni was overcooked last time but the sauce used in the dish is always wonderful.
4	This place is amazing .. My husband and I went there for a dinner date and it was magical ..the staff was really friendly ...and the food was delicious and in huge portions ...i couldn't finish my pasta (( and i'm an eater )) hehehe..i just love it.
2	Extremely overrated and not impressive, at all. I went here for a business lunch and I arrived a bit early. The hostesses were very rude, rather than nicely say we're not open yet, they had an attitude that was like go the **** away. Not a good start. When I finally get in I head to the back where yes, they have a screen setup and a sound system. But the projector is being leveled by paper towels and was amateurish at best. And the room we were in needed paint. Seriously, when you take a look around the podium was chipped, the walls had chips, and I'm thinking for a place overlooking Las Vegas Blvd that the experience was downgraded. It may have been classy a while back, but the management team needs to consider investing in a little bit of paint. Then we get to the wobbly tables, and the family style food that was brought out. Family style might work in Italy but this is America, and to me family style is a masquerade for a kitchen that is too slow or chokes at cranking out high volume high quality plates. In this case about the only thing good was the Caesar salad as it's hard to muck up a Caesar salad. But the rest of the food? Truly unmemorable. If I was a tourist and I walked in expecting the place to live up even partially to it's "Little Italy" name I would have felt like I was the victim of a mafia shakedown. Long story short Yelp may have this place ranked at 4 Stars, but there's not enough wine in Italy that could make me intoxicated enough to give it anything over 2. And that's only because I'm trying to be diplomatic about it. Needless to say if it wasn't for business functions I won't be back. (Note to staff: It takes money to make money. Investing in simple, functional equipment and PAINT is a start. Next, they're called SPICES. Surely in the recipes that are used there's a line or two for various spices. Your food was barely 1 notch above cafeteria food, no wait, I think a high school aged line cook at Golden Corral in Amarillo Texas could prepare better food than what I had.)You should be ashamed to slap the word "Italy" anywhere near your doors. I better stop typing before I end up clicking on just one star instead of two.
5	The service was exceptional and the food was OUTSTANDING...I always try and eat here when I am in Vegas...FYI-I am a VERY picky eater yet they always have something I like and they are ALWAYS willing to make whatever I like if it is not on the menu!! Will go again when I am back in town!PS-I booked my reservation online while I was sitting at the LV Speed Way watching drag races...such an easy, and perfect thing to do..they had my table ready and waiting for my dad and I =)
3	I'm not a fan of chain restaurants period!...but here is the skinny on Maggiano's, I had the opportunity to eat here with a small group and a large group and you would think the experience would be better with a smaller group....think again, the menu is different and you definitely know you are eating at a chain restaurant. Food was heavy loaded with sauces and it's obvious there are lots of can openers in the kitchen.   Now believe it or not when you have 15-20 people they serve a family style dinner and the food is a higher quality and the good pasta's, the sausage &pepper appetizer is great! But the most impressive is the deserts...what a presentation! and delicious.  There house Chianti is great for the price, I highly recommend it. The service is also much better with a larger group....go figure.
5	What a great menu, excellent service too. Would recommend the family style for any group over 6... We were able to try a little bit of everything. Everything from the chicken to pasta to seafood was great! I am used to NY Italian, and this place was very good in comparison.
1	never and ever
4	So I came here with a bunch of friends as our first group meal for a bachelor party weekend on a Friday night. We were all starving to be honest and this place had been set up as our go to stop. We received a number of pre-ordered dishes family style that were already included in our costs so I am not sure what the breakdown was, but it was AYCE and we definitely enjoyed the grub.We had about 30 guys and took over a gigantic table next to a bachelorette and her party and a bunch of normal patrons. We had multiple courses and the food came out hot and tasty and in portions big enough for our entire table to get enough to eat at once...Pro Tip: Call ahead and get a reservation. A number of people had to wait quite a while in order to get seated who didnt.The food was all decent to tasty and the chicken and pasta dish stuck out as the best to me. It had some type of a white (creme?) sauce with it. The dinner also included appetizers and dessert. It's a tremendous amount of food and the only way to go if you dont want to hit up the buffet's.  The one thing I will add is that the service is not exactly the best. It took several requests before anyone brought us water or drink refills (soda, tea, beer, etc). It was also a bit difficult to get additional bread n butter. It just seemed to take an inexorably long time.Overall it was worth it and our service could have been affect by the sheer size of our group. It is hard to say for sure.
5	I am over the moon about this place! I've been here a number of different times and they consistently deliver. The food is so authentic but you can count on a tasteful spin to your traditional Italian dishes. My mom recently ordered the chef's special rigatoni and for once in my life, I saw her finish ALL her food. I have the shrimp and polenta and it was OFF THE HOOK yummy. Perfectly crisp and infused with an amazing lobster bisque sauce. To top of it off, they have the best soundtracks playing in the restaurant. Huge fan of this place and most definitely coming back.
5	SO GOODWe came here after an extremely long day and everyone left stuffed and happy. They told us everything is made from scratch, so they will accommodate any substitutions.We started with the Calamari Fritte and the Stuffed Mushrooms. I hate mushrooms, but everyone else said they were the best they'd ever had. I had the Chef's Favorite Famous Rigatoni D (without mushrooms of course) and it was crazy good. Anything with caramelized onions is good by me. My bf got the Lobster Baked Tilapia and we were really amazed at the generous amount of lobster on top. He was in heaven! Our friend got the Gnocci and loved it, my parents both got Parmesan Crusted Tilapia and were going crazy for it. I've done the Family Style dinner before and it's definitely worth it. The only reason we didn't do it this time is because we didn't have a fridge in our hotel room.
1	I'm mixed on how to write this rate this review. My wife and I have eaten there several times and always had good food and service.  We ate lunch there again last week. The server, I believe his name was Jason, was nice while going over all the specials, advising his favorites, and the wine list.When he returned to take our order he became cold as ice towards us when we only ordered a salad and lasagna with no alcohol.  I guess he figured he wasn't going to get a big tip if we were not ordering an expensive meal.While we were eating, another waitress got us more bread and even refiled our water glasses. What he didn't know is that we always tip big no matter the cost of the meal, it is all about the service. Furthermore, the reason we ordered the lasagna was because I had to eat something soft due to jaw surgery the week before and could not drink alcohol due to this surgery.  He even had the nerve to say when he began to clean the table, "I will try to carry these (plates) back without dropping them while making minimum wage."  What an insult to the customer!!!For the first time ever we did NOT leave a tip.  Someone there needs to teach him what to say, or just shut up. What a rude ass he was.  We go to Vegas two or three times a year and always eat at Maggiono's.  I will be writing a personal letter to the manager and unless we receive an apology from them we will not be back there.  Las Vegas has too many other restaurants without putting up with this.Terrible waiter!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We were in Vegas for a week.  We happened to walk by Maggiano's and my husband decided he wanted to try this.  We did show up on a VERY busy Friday night without a reservation and we were ok with that.  They only had space at the bar, we were ok with that.  We placed our order and I had asked for lemon with my water.  As she was busy, I waited and waited and waited.  Finally asked the bus boy for some lemon and he brought it almost immediately.  She "happened" to walk by, saw the lemon and said "Oh, you got your lemon?"  I told her that the bus boy had brought, her response "Yeah, I asked him to, just checking that he brought it."  WTF?  She lied!!!!!From when we sat down to when we were served our appetizers, an hour had gone by.  When we asked the waitress about our appetizers, she became a  little aggressive and said she was doing the best she could.  When we finally got our appetizers, we asked her to bring the main course as soon as possible, didn't know how long we would have to wait. Food not bad but certainly not impressed with the waitress.
5	Best Thanksgiving dinner!!!  Misty made our evening so pleasurable!Preset menu...family style...had lots to eat...even brought left overs for the next day!  Yummy!!!
4	Had lunch at Maggiano's in the Fashion Show mall. It was a nice setting with an outdoor area. We sat indoors, but we had a great view of the Palazzo hotel. Overall a gorgeous window view.Ordered the veal scaloppine piccata style and an Arnold Palmer. The veal scallopine was flavorful, especially with the pickled capers that had almost a tangy sensation. There was also spinach placed at the bottom of the veal. It was a light bed of spinach and I felt that I could have benefited with a bit more. The dish came with a side of angel hair. As for the drink, it was just your typical Arnold Palmer, half iced tea half lemonade.Our server seemed really versed with the various menu items and the ingredients. At first I thought it was only our server and his personality that made him a great host, but after listening in another table it seems all the servers are well-trained and sociable. I applaud the servers for their knowledge and service.Overall it was a good experience, but not a restaurant of choice since it's a chain. When I am in Vegas, I prefer to dine in locations that are exclusive Vegas restaurants. I feel as though that would add to the experience versus eating at a chain that is readily accessible in my hometown.
4	The service and food was excellent!  I was a concierge here in Las Vegas before and have eaten at many fine establishments and I would say that this one is a new addition to the top of my list.  Great classic Italian and a wonderful view of the strip.  We will definitely be returning.
3	The purpose of our visit to Maggiano's was to carb-load the night before the Las Vegas marathon (which two of our party were actually running, the other two were there to support the runners.  And the carb loading!).  We were looking for somewhere close to Treasure Island at a reasonable price, and Maggiano's fit the bill. We made reservations through Open Table and were seated at our scheduled time.The inside of the restaurant was quite nice but the tables are soooooo close together, I kept bumping into the guy behind me.  There was a large party of obnoxious loud people, but this tends to be the case at a lot of places in Vegas.  We split the bruschetta as an appetizer, and while it was delicious, for the price I was expecting a bit more.  However, they made up for portion sizes with the entrees!  My eggplant parmesam was posetively massive, but still elegantly served which I appreciated.  Another in our party had the chicken tortelloni's and the two others had the gnocchi.  Honestly, mine was pretty good but I liked everyone else's selections better.  Maybe I just chose something I wasn't in the mood for.The bill was reasonable for Vegas and the meal served its primary purpose.  However, in comparison to alot of other places, it was just okay, and I wouldn't add it to my "must visit while in Vegas" list.
1	Made a special reservation for my son's 21st birthday party.  The entire family flew to Las Vegas for this event. We have some food allergies and I spoke with the manager upon making reservations that our party of 10 could not order family style.  I was told that they would make an exception and let us order Al a Carte and that he would be sure to note it in the reservation. When we arrived they refused and said that they were too busy to accommodate us.   We ended up having to leave and went over to Don Vito's at South Point Hotel and had a delicious dinner that everyone could eat and thoroughly enjoy. Five Stars to the food and Service at Don Vito's!
5	Greetings, BEST ITALIAN IN VEGAS!!!  I recently visited Sin City and decided to get a late dinner at Maggiano's Little Italy. I would like to start by saying I've never had better service for a late Italian Dinner in my life.We showed up at 10:00 and basically shut this place down, but not before we met the server of the century, Jake!The food was outstanding and it was as if Jake new exactly what myself and my other wanted the moment we walked in.  Hands-down the best attention to detail I've experienced.  If you ever find yourself ready for a late Italian Dinner, this is the spot!  Ask for Jake, ask him a question and he has a long answer! As for other highly rated main-stream Italian joints, they have nothing on this place and best part about it, below they have Dollar you call it drinks!Enjoy!!!
3	I usually come to Maggiano's if I want decent Italian food. Not anything amazing like you would find in other cities. I have noticed that the only difference of lunch and dinner are the prices but the same portion? Very interesting. Usually the lunch portion would be way smaller but I really could not tell the difference. The party/family style is definitely NOT worth the price. I do admit that Maggiano's is probably not even comparable to Bucca but still they overprice their food too much when I could probably get the same thing at a small family owned business. It doesn't help that it's on the strip. The service is great! Make sure if you go on a holiday or a very busy weekend to make reservations! The portions are great but the quality...hmm....I'm the type that prefers quality over quantity.
5	This place is delicious! First time in Vegas and wanted to get some good Italian food. I'm a customer for life now! The food was amazinnnggg and the waiter we had was so nice! He comped our drinks and gave us free cookies at the end. I love this restaurant. You won't be disappointed. The environment is nice and it is a very classy place. Highly recommend!
4	I was impressed with this Italian restaurant located in Fashion Show Mall. I was not aware this was a chain restaurant until my wife told me. I wish they had one in San Diego, but the closest one to us is in Orange County at the South Coast Plaza. I ordered the four cheese ravioli which came with two sauces, basil pesto and marinara, evenly distributed over the dish. The amount of ravioli was bountiful. I was barely able to finish it and when I did I was really full. My wife had the spaghetti with meatballs which she had no problem finishing.  We tried to eat here again before we left but it was too busy. I think there was an hour wait. And this was on a Sunday night. This is a good sign the restaurant is doing something right since there are plenty of choices at the mall.  The service was a bit slow but the waiter kept us informed on when our meals would be ready. No big deal, we were not in a rush. Even though I am not a big fan of chain restaurants, this one is worth a try.
4	Overall, I agree with the vast bulk of the other reviewers.  I found the service to be friendly, prompt, and attentive.  My only major complaint was the Chicken Saltimbocca had full-sized sage leaves under the crust on the chicken breast.  Biting into one of these and eating it was akin to eating a car pine air freshener.  Don't get me wrong I LOVE sage (it's a big reason why I ordered that dish) but a more deft hand would have used it to advantage not like an assault weapon.
4	Loved the stuff mushrooms and crab cakes!!
5	BEST ITALIAN FOOD I'VE EVER HAD* (and I'm Italian!)Every time my girlfriends and I visited Las Vegas we would come here at least twice (over a week holiday) to have dinner. I love that the restaurant serves up food family style (read: larger portions meant to be shared among family and/or friends) which is how Italian people serve their meals at home to their own families. The food is authentic, delicious and the servers always know their s***. I usually go for appetizers (caprese, zucchini fritte, mozzerella marinara)  and a main (ravioli, eggplant parmesan, manicotti). One of my friends always raves about the baked ziti. One of the best parts is that every time you ordered a main you could get a side of your choice of pasta  (from a list) with a choice of sauce for an extra 1 or 2$. We used to get this to go and eat it poolside the next afternoon for lunch. Cheap (sweet, more shopping!) and delicious!!!! I even brought some home on the flight for friends and family once. *Obviously not counting my relatives home-made Italian cooking. And the food is on par with the food served at Terroni in Toronto, Canada.
5	On my last outing to this venerable restaurant overlooking the Strip on the edge of Fashion Show, Maggiano's redeemed itself with a fine repast and picturesque view of Encore.  Our telephoned request for a booth with a Strip view was honored despite the chagrined look of other hopefuls whom the maitre d' had to fend off to preserve our pre-reserved perch.  Golden Calamari Fritte was on point and well made this time.  Both rings and tentacles were lightly deep fried and excellent with great requested Lemon Aioli and mild Marinara Sauce.  Bread and butter were very good, and, as always, a bowl of savory Tuscan Orzo & Sausage Soup sporting Italian sausage, fennel, white beans, fresh tomatoes, and plenty of orzo was excellent.  Where this soup is concerned, to enjoy more stomach-warming, fluid rustic goodness I now always order a bowl rather than a mere cup.A Side Caesar Salad with grated Parmesan and Focaccia Croutons in a creamy Caesar Dressing was excellent.  And, Stuffed Chicken Pizzaiola with Mozzarella, Ricotta, Tropheo Pasta, Pomodoro, Red Peppers, and Pepperoncini was fine once I got to the middle of the chicken.  It was similar to Chicken Cordon Bleu but zestier.  As usual, a side of Fontina Potatoes was creamy and delicious.  This time we experienced excellent service as Noel, our server, without any prodding, carefully spaced out our meal orders so that the various dishes would not come out of the kitchen on top of each other.  All went well except for me killing one of my favorite Polo shirts with food stains from Marinara Sauce followed by splatters from the Orzo & Sausage Soup.  After treating the stubborn marks with both Zout and Goo Gone, after six washings they still remain.  I will not give up either the sauce or the soup.  But next time I am in their close proximity, regardless of appearances I will don a napkin to protect the front of whatever shirt I may be wearing at the time!For a chain, this is truly a fine one!
1	Food was great, however the practice of adding dollars to the credit card bill is not something I appreciate. My total was 19.40, I noted down 23 on the receipt and somehow I got charged 24.40. Italian mob procedure, eh?
5	Its great place to dine. Classy with affordable prices. The food s wonderful. Will always recommend to everybody to experience the best Italian fine or casual dining.
4	ate here on CHristmas eve - great food great service
2	This is my first time at a "buyer beware" restaurant!When a customer takes a bite then returns a dish because it's not good, the restaurant doesn't happily take it back... then charge for it anyway. Right? Not normal, Maggiano's - especially for a supposedly established chain upscale restaurant. (It was soggy bow-tie pasta a/ spinach, btw.  Ick. Exchanged for Pizza-Hut quality spaghetti marinara, though they still charged for the more expensive bow-tie - we balked, but they would not budge. Supposedly it came from the kitchen or management, the nice waitress still got our normal 18% tip.)Bad taste in my mouth from a bland dish and dirty rotten maneuver. First and last time, thank you.UPDATE: After a whole lot of nudging they apologized and fixed the difference on my credit card.  They also said they were sending a little "gift".  Well, now it's been three months and nothing ever arrived.  So for same reason -- careless lack of regard / seriousness for customer service -- STARS UNCHANGED.The customer service training at this outfit just is rather careless, and that doesn't feel good.  Very nice people, everyone I interacted with, but they lack common classy restaurant business sense.  Maybe it's Vegas culture and I'm used to L.A. and midwest?  I do sense there's a weird thing going on in Vegas service culture.  Anyway, I'm ragging on their manners, but two-stars also reflects the quality of food, it's really quite unremarkable.  Interior modern but likewise absolutely unremarkable.(BUT, and this was nice, a guy goes around and sings to your table.  Don't know if that's regular.  Normally would have earned a star for that ;)
4	A very pleasant restaurant, Maggiano's had very food food at a medium to high price range.  The steak I ordered was cooked exactly to my request which 9.75 times out of 10 doesn't happen.  Our waiter did seem to push for us to order more food than we wanted though.
4	Simple chain restaurant with family style feel.  I've been to Maggiano's a few times and found the food very consistent.  I would recommend grabbing a reservation in advance of going here as it gets very busy.  Rather than comment on all the dishes we had, I'll just generally say that everything was well cooked, flavorful, and something I would order again.  As for the service, it was also excellent.  The menu is affordable and the service is great.  Of course there are better restaurants (Lavo, Nove, etc.), but not in this price range.
4	Maggiano's is consistently above average and this outpost in the Fashion Show Mall is no exception. The waitstaff was very attentive. We were also able to take advantage of their buy one pasta dish take one home offer. What a great value!  Thanks FourSquare :)
4	This is my fourth visit and the food and service seem pretty much consistent.  Ordered the margherita pizza for an appetizer and for my main course I had the spinach and chicken manicotti.  Fortunately, I also got to try the linguine di mare and the chicken parmesan that my party ordered.  They were all delicious but the manicotti has to be my favorite.  This is a very inexpensive restaurant with generous portions, so it's definitely worth the try after a long day of shopping.  Be sure to call in advance otherwise you'd be waiting as long as an hour and a half to be seated.  Ask for a table next to the window with view of LVBlvd, not one of the best, but still a pretty sight for you out of towners.
5	Service is great and the food is super good! One of my fav Italian restaurant!
3	Wonderful service.... I have been there before and have had a tasty Rock shrimp lemon butter garlic pasta that was to die for. However this recent visit, I think I got an off night or just ordered the wrong things. It was all good with the exception of the items being a little dry.  Maybe more sauce was needed by chance.  Next time I'm going to speak up.  Because I like it alot and will be back.
5	i was recently at this restraunt for a birthday gathering superbowl sunday!  and oh my goodness was it delish!  the waiter nick was so helpful (and nice to look at btw)  he really tended to us as we had a lot of people!  i will be goin here again!
5	Do not pass go, do not collect $200.....go DIRECTLY to Maggiano's!  I had read the reviews about Maggiano's catering to their gluten free patrons and looked forward to our visit.  We were not disappointed.  I asked about a gluten free menu and the waiter told us they didn't have a menu, but almost anything on the menu could be made gluten free.  They even offered to coat the chicken in potato chips and pan fry it if I wanted chicken parmesan.  Someone pinch me, I must be dreaming.  To make our visit even better we happened to come during happy hour when their signature cocktails were only $6.  YES PLEASE!  I ended up ordering the lobster carbonara and hubby ordered veal parmesan.  All I can say is WOW.  My meal was BEYOND fantastic.  I fully expected tiny pieces of lobster and was astounded when my plate arrived and there were large chunks of lobster.  Both meals were enough for two so we gladly took our leftovers back to our room and had them for lunch the next day.  Hubby's grandmother came straight from Italy and trust me, these meals rivaled hers.  My only disappointment is we don't have a Maggiano's where we live.  Seriously, it was THAT good.
5	Hands down the best Italian food in town. Great atmosphere and location with very reasonable prices considering. Go there on a once a month basis and have no intentions on that changing. Keep up the good work!
4	Loved the look and feel of this place...would recommend for a quite dinner with that special someone.
5	I love this place, they have the best Italian food I can find here in Vegas and their prices are pretty reasonable. I always bring my friends from out of town who come to visit here and they always like it. Get your Italian on!
5	Another night at Maggiano's, and another excellent dinner!  We started with fine complimentary warm bread and butter in our reserved booth with a window view of the Strip, and moved on to enjoy outstanding Calamari Fritte--excellent tentacles and first-rate golden rings, along with the cheerfully provided Lemon Aioli we had requested to accompany Marinara Sauce.A bowl of Orzo & Sausage Soup was also well prepared and excellent as a whole,  with sausage just tangy enough to make it intriguing.  Although Iced Teas regularly arrived unbidden, I had to ask for butter twice.  It was quickly produced after the second request.Cold crisp Romaine leaves bathed in a thin application of a nice traditional Caesar Dressing, and small crunchy croutons dominated an excellent side Caesar Salad.  Belatedly I asked for a single anchovy (semi-health consciousness at work!) and it was duly brought in its own ceramic cup to further enhance this course. Great cheesy Fontina Potatoes represented a perfect blend of cooked potato slices and Fontina Cheese, and were more than enough to share with Diane.  This time my entree of Linguini & Clams was superb, with a fine light white wine sauce, 9 clams still in the beds of their opened shells, and a generous amount of supplemental chopped clams.  Meanwhile, Diane did her best to attack 3 large medallions of Veal Parm with excellent yummy Alfredo Sauce accompanied by al dente Rigatoni Alfredo.  At meal's end she still had enough food left over for a very satisfying lunch two days later, and we were both too full to order dessert.Once again I unintentionally dropped and left items under our dining table.  This time when I pulled up on the driveway of my North Las Vegas home, I found that both a filled pill case and all of my house keys were missing from my coat pocket.  After a call to the restaurant and a check under our former table by restaurant management, all items were found.  So, for the second time in 13 months after dining here, I headed back to Fashion Show Mall, and retrieved my dropped items from the check-in desk.  They had been found on the floor of the same booth where my Kindle had been inadvertently abandoned on a previous visit.  So, in the future I either have to avoid this particular booth or take better care of my important personal possessions.  I think I will concentrate on the latter course of action!
4	Sticker. Sticker. Sticker.Sticker shock when I saw the bill!Thank goodness it wasn't my turn. Lol. Everything was good. It's in a decent location, to where they can change you premium solely for location, but it's definitely a delight. Everything was delicious. The service was exceptional. Would definitely dine again.
4	Maggiano's is a good choice.  This one is located in the Fashion Show mall pretty much across the street from the the Wynn.  Even though it's an outpost of a chain, they do a pretty good job with the food.  The veal Marsala was a generous portion and was excellently prepared.  Pastas were really good and filling.  Service was friendly and competent.  The restaurant was buzzing and filled with diners, which is always a good indicator.  A meal here will cost you much less than at a budget buster celebrity chef restaurant and the experience will be almost as good.  I'm looking forward to going back.
5	My husband and I ate here the last night of our Vegas vacation. The atmosphere was wonderful. The food...out of this world.  I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were. We would have paid similar to our local Olive Garden only way better and would have had to wait an hour to get a table. I would highly recommend Maggianos.  Our waitress asked if we were having a special occasion and we told her we celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary and she brought us out complimentary dessert with lit candles.
5	Oh boy. This was probably my best meal during my stay in Vegas. The food here is breathtakingly good, particularly the appetizers. Get the stuffed mushrooms; you will thank me. The bruschetta is also worth mentioning; I guarantee you'll be asking for more bread to scoop up the abundance of tasty tomatoes. For dinner, I had the chicken marsala which was very good. My boyfriend got chicken franchise which (according to him) was decent. The potatoes and salad that his meal came with were excellent. Our waiter was very sweet. Everything, for me, was truly above average. I hope the Maggiano's in the tri-state are equally amazing.
5	I heard good things about this place so I went with a friend, it was jam packed there and it took us a bit to get a table but it was well worth the wait. I got the lobster carbonara which I could not get through granted I had a salad and bread, you get a good portion size which is nice. I recommend making a reservation before going here for dinner, there is a reason it is packed, its on the strip and the food and atmosphere are great. Nice place.
4	What a great spot in Vegas.  It may be a chain, but its run like its an original. Great service and decor.  Food was pretty good as well.  The gf and I got bruschetta and stuffed mushrooms for apps.  Both were great!  For dinner the gf went with chicken marsala and I with the francaise.  Both came with sides.   I opted for the fried potatoes and she for the linguine with garlic and oil.  I threw in a side of broccolini to have a nice lil veggie in the mix.Well 1 - 10:apps 10marsala 7 - salty but good.francaise 5 - It wasn't bad, but I have had much better and expected more.ling with g&o - 2  No taste at allPotatoes - 7Broccolini - 10 nicely cooked and seasoned in garlic and oilThe menu is very extensive and overall it was a great time with the gf.  I am looking forward to checking out the Maggiano's in north Jersey.
4	My friends and I were tired and hungry from walking and just decided to go in here and I'm pretty glad we did. We got seated by the window so we had a  pretty nice view of the strip. The food was good, I ordered the  steak and it was really tender and well flavored. What I didnt like was that our waitress disappeared most of the time and was no where to be seen and also my drink Manhattan, it was a little too strong for me and not like what the waitress described it to be refreshing and sweet.
5	Just got back from a wedding in Vegas where the reception was held at Maggiano's. The atmosphere inside is elegant, but comfortable. The private room was perfect in size with a large bar at the front and a balcony overlooking the strip. The service during the reception was stellar. I told our bartender/server about my gluten allergy and she was immediately able to identify substitutions and alternate courses for me that would meet my needs. She knew exactly what to do and made me feel at ease right away. I had an awesome chopped salad to start with that made the other non-gluten free people around me jealous. Then I enjoyed marsala mushroom and chicken gluten free pasta. Oh my God, it was out of this world. I need to go to the Maggiano's and Tampa ASAP to have this again. Finally for dessert, I had the creme brulee, again making everyone around me jealous. The meal was unbelievable!! Kudos to the staff and chef at Maggiano's for making the whole night perfect both for guests and for the bride and groom. I have not visited an Italian restaurant since I learned of my allergy but now I absolutely have to go back to Maggiano's.  If you are in Vegas, definitely make this a dinner spot at least one night of your stay.
4	This visit was to celebrate Alicia R's birthday.  The Wonder Twins (aka Terri R and Alicia R) invited me and you know I am not turning down a good meal with the hottest twins in Las Vegas. Besides, it's been forever since I step foot in here.  It's had to be at least 5 years and I've been really missing out. I've only been to one other Maggiano's and that one is located in Costa Mesa.  Maggiano's use to be the place where my favorite sister would take me for my birthday.  All I remember from Maggiano's is a lot of good food, huge portions, great service, and long waits even with a reservation.  This Maggiano's is a lot similar to the Costa Mesa location.  This place was packed on Friday, great food, huge portions, and great service.  Only difference, which is a big one, there was zero wait.  I had their Parmesan Crusted Tilapia which was really good and the portions had to be triple of what you get compared to other restaurants. The $20 price tag is pretty good considering that I had over 10 oz of great tasting fish.  After my meal, I washed it down with 3 scoops for their Vanilla Bean Ice Cream.  I offered to share, but everyone in our table had their own treat.  I didn't want to put my dessert to waste, so I killed it. There's not too many Maggiano's around in any city.  I believe that this is the only one in Las Vegas.  I've never had a poor experience at Maggiano's and recommend if you're looking for fine Italian food with huge portions. PS:  Happy Birthday to Alicia R. (aka Terri R's twin, aka my 5K partner, aka my half marathon inspiration, aka Yes, and aka the former Finger Printing Lady).  Ha Ha...and more nicknames to come.
3	I generally stay away from chain Italian food.  That being said, the food was not bad.  I had a capresse salad and the tomatoes could have been of slightly higher quality, but otherwise it was ok.  Certainly good enough for a safe tourist meal.
4	Unpretentious, simply classy, affordable, good food. If you want a little Italian while in Vegas but don't want all the hoopla this is your place. It's just like the great Italian spot you and your wife always go when you're craving a delicious chicken parm.Recommend.
5	Went here with my fiances family  and this place was amazing. They are Sicilian, so you can only imagine how important real Italian food is to them. We had a party of 12, and they treated us so nicely .Anyway, the bathroom, has the BEST napkins I have ever dried my hands with! I know weird right, and apparently the men's has some pretty cool artwork above the urinals ( according to my fiance' ). The food is amazing, hot, yummy. Some of the family  had the raviolis, lasagna, sausage appetizer, salads, the shrimp linguine; all was superb. Will be going again when in Vegas. Like prior comments it is a chain restaurant but run like an original!Thanks again for the lovely time!
3	Disclaimer: The only time I come here is for large birthday gatherings featuring: (1) the extremely young; and (2) the extremely old.  I've never independently chosen to eat here.I will say they have their sh$t together when it comes to large private gatherings.  They're always well staffed and organized, unlike other spots in town (*cough* PJ Clarkes *cough*).  The private rooms are also spacious and feature large windows -- you're not in some afterthought back room.Further, the portions they provide for groups are enormous.  Even if there are 10 people at a table, it never runs out.  In fact, I usually get stuck with taking home leftovers.  Just what I always wanted, 4 lbs of artichoke dip......BUT, large portions aren't really a godsend if the food is just meh.  I've had the chicken & eggplant parmesan, chicken piccata, penne with meat sauce, spagetti, caesar salad, stuffed mushrooms, calamari, profiteroles and...... none of it was memorable. Overall, they serve up very basic Italian food meant to please the masses......something easily achieved when the patrons are seven-years-old.....
5	Had our wedding reception in the banquet hall, and it was an amazing space for our party. GREAT ServiceGREAT FoodGreat DrinksHighly Recommend.
5	Yummy. Parmesan in crusted Talapia, momma's lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo, Cesar salad. 4.5 to 5 stars from all four of us. Fettuccine Alfredo is a huge portion.
4	Yes it's a chain, but the food is ALWAYS delicious. I love every shrimp dish they offer. The traditional Italian dishes are average, but my hubby loves them.Service can be hit or miss. I just love the quality of food enough to forgive the occasional semi-bad waiter. (forgetful, have to ask multiple times for one thing) not a biggie.
5	Great salads, food and service. There is not a bad seat in the house!!
4	Stopped by for happy hour - food was good (not remarkable, but yummy) however we were bowled over by the service.  Nicole waited on us and she was fantastic.  Really made our experience much nicer.
1	Went with a  party of 10, went family style and two hours later still no entree.  Manager  understood the frustration, and said server was new.   Manager comped the bill, but didn't eat the food after two hours.  Waste of my time, and the restaurants supposed service.  Disappointing in both expectation and execution.
5	Excellent food! Never had a bad meal or service here. I always get the take home classic pasta
4	This is a decent Italian restaurant located at the front of the Fashion Show mall.  Service is always good and their family style menu is pretty decent too with 3 different levels to choose from.  The wine list is pretty limited but has some nice selections.  I came here the other night with my married couple friends and their daughter.  Nice date, too bad she's 32 years younger than me!  This night I had the fried zucchini for an appetizer.  I would have never ordered this since I a) don't eat fried food and b) don't care for zucchini.  The waiter said it was a big hit and he was right, it was really good.  My entree was the baked ziti which was prepared quite nice with Italian sausage and just the right amount of baked on cheese.  The portion size was perfect.  For desert we got the 10 dollar sampler which you would expect to be too small for 4 people...it had about 5 different deserts and all were very good.  Negatives:  very busy, and no cannoli's. What self respecting Italian joint doesn't have home made cannoli's? Oh well...
1	i am a HUGE Maggianos fan at the Bellevue Washington location and was excited to see one of my favorite places on the strip. we get to the restaurant at 5ish. with a party of 5. we are told about 1-1.5 hour wait. okay no problem after looking around and seeing countless open tables we ask why cant we sit at one of the patio tables, they responded with they are reserved but we don't know when they are showing up.. we finally take a seat after an hour wait for the table that was previously reserved but the group never showed up.. i was over it and excited and very hungry. we ordered the first all you can eat family deal the food was amazing as always. the service was slow, couldn't answer simple menu questions.. do you meatballs have pork in them? (they don't they are 100% beef)up to this point was was frustrated that everything seemed disorganized, sloppy and chaotic. it took 20 minutes to get bread on the table.------THE REASON FOR 1 STAR------we were given a table outside on the patio and i was in the back corner of the table. as i was sitting at the table i scooted my chair over and back about 5" it turns out there was a hole about 2-3" deep that used to have a hand rail post sticking out of it but was removed to make more room.. i fell back in my chair and some how caught myself mid fall to avoid slamming my head into the cement wall behind me. i pop up and my dad said the dishwasher behind me had a look like i almost died and the server next to me said WHEN I WAS IN THE HOLE PULLING MY CHAIR BACK OUT. "OH YEAH THERE IS A HOLE THERE" WTF kind of observation is that. if you know about a preexisting hazard FIX IT!!!long story short i pulled something my back and was instantly hurting. we contacted the manager who seemed on top of offered to take me to the hospital and call him if i had any problems.  i wasn't about to have my last night in Vegas be ruined by that. for my Pain and all this we got 25% taken off the bill. and i left hurting and in pain.i think this was a weak compensation for the pain the and hazard, have my mom or dad been sitting here they physically couldn't have caught there balance as fast and would have been seriously hurt.
4	Fantastic food!  Loved that yelp helped us get a reservation at the time we wanted, walked right in and they were ready for us.  I had the Chicken Caprese, a special of the day, and it was amazing!! I second the hit-and-miss service--we had to ask for more water, and for our check.  They were busy, but found that annoying.  The mints are yummy--take a few! : )Despite service issues, I would definitely return and highly recommend!
5	Loved this place. Their food is amazing. We had the lobster carbonara, and one of their vegetarian ravioli dishes on their make a wish menu. Both were very tasty. Plates range from about 12-20 on average. The steak dishes are about double that. The chocolate cake is a must!
4	Love the food here, it's extremely good, and I definitely recommend the daily specials. The outdoor patio is fantastic and as there's few places on the strip where you can eat outdoors, this is a great option for dining al fresco. Service is good, but it can take a while for your food to arrive.One of the reasons I chose this place is that they will prepare your dish gluten free on request, if you ask. They also can substitute regular pasta with gluten free pasta.Good selection of wines by the glass, but it's rather expensive. $16 a glass is out of my league. However, they do have a happy hour from 3pm to 6pm Mon-Fri with a selection of beer, wines and cocktails for $6 or less.More on gluten free in Las Vegas:https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
3	Good location, right at Fashion Show Mall. Fantastic Italian food, prices are not to bad either
4	Good pasta. Good desserts. Good view.I've eaten at Maggiano's in Princeton, New Jersey and in Atlanta, Georgia. I really wanted to try Las Vegas' Maggiano's. It did not disappoint.I ordered the chicken fettuccine alfredo, which was delish. The warm, italian bread dipped in seasoned olive oil was finger-licking good; not that I licked my fingers... I had three delicious dishes for the mini dessert sampler: New York style cheesecake (yummy), apple crostada (yummy), and chocolate Zuccotto cake (yummy).The price was pretty good. I dined alone as my friends were napping to recover from the evening's debaucheries. I will be back!
5	The best Italian family style restaurant!
1	What a pathetic excuse for Italian food. In fact, what a terrible excuse for food in general. I ordered the "Parmesan Crusted Tilapia", which included mushy and obviously frozen fish and a bed of watery and bland spinach (3 leaves total) and orzo pasta. All off this was doused in an excess of capers and way too finely chopped cheap tomatoes. However, taste and presentation aside, and once all scraped off, the fish had a terribly sour after taste. Upon bringing it up to the waiter, it was blamed on the capers (great endorsement of the kitchen & recipes). However after I left, my stomach was ill the entire night and into the next day. Sparing the intimate detail of my night spent with the toilet, the summary of this meal is that the fish was frozen and once defrosted it was obviously left out beyond expiration, and then cooked and presented with the effort of a 1st grader. At this point I'd rather go vomit again than ever visit this establishment again. As an Italian and really as a human who eats food, I'm insulted at what this place is dishing out. Spend an extra $5 a dish and go to D.O.C.G. in The Cosmopolitan instead for real Italian food.
3	Great family priced meal for a large group. Came here to celebrate a birthday and weEnjoyed. Only disappointing was the gnocchi. Waiter was excellent and the desserts were very enjoyable!
4	Hadn't been here in a while and it was very yummy. Glad to see the recession didn't drag the quality down like at so many other chains.
5	Highly suggest Maggiano's inside the Fashion Show mall on the Las Vegas Strip. Great quality Italian! Yummy appetizers & delicious meals like Momma would make!Request a table with a view & you will love your visit even more! Friendly staff! Always go there when I'm in the mood for the best Italian food in Sin City! Great place to take a date or get family style dining with the friends or family!!
4	Maggianos has a great dinner time environment. We sat by the windows facing the strip and it was really beautiful to have the dark dining room looking out towards the bright LV strip. The food was excellent and exactly what it should be at this price point. The food is not homemade but I think that's pretty apparent by the fact that it is in a Mall. It is however made to order and above the quality of most other chain restaurants.Tiramisu here was the best I have ever had. I am still pretty new to tiramisu as I have only had it about five times but wow is it really good here. I will probably stop in just for the tiramisu every time I go shopping at fashion show. Make sure and try it.
4	Great location in Vegas. Food is god, price is reasonable.Nothing too especial about it. Very small outdoor seating great indoors.
2	If you're in the mood for overly-salted "Italian" food crafted specifically for the purpose of an American tourist palate and appetite, then please, come to Maggiano's Little Italy. It's helpfully located in the Fashion Show Mall as to beckon the tourists who cannot afford or do not know what *real* (and when I say real, I mean decent) Italian food is. I ventured here with a $25 gift card for lunch. My intent was to have the following: a tasty adult beverage, a soup, and a main dish. Being that one of my favorite Italian dishes (Linguine Clams) was on the menu I knew I would order it. First off I arrived a la solo, which I don't think should be weird, especially for lunch these days. Of course, the hostess attempted to seat me at the bar, to which I declined politely and was lead to a table in the dining area. Impressions: at least it is well-lit during the daytime hours with plenty of windows for viewing the surrounding strip attractions. However, table cloths were rumpled, salt and pepper shakers had a waxy build-up on them. This comes from a restaurant wiping them down with nothing but a damp towel. I should know, I was a server in college. Starters - I ordered a Peach Bellini and my server brought bread. Sad, pitiful (but at least warm) bread. He did not pour my EVOO (which is on the table), nor did he offer me any balsamic. Yet, as I watched around me, servers plated EVOO and balsamic for THEIR tables. The Peach Bellini arrived in a martini glass. I was disappointed in that, and then even further disappointed that my peach Bellini was not garnished at all and it had no actual fruit in it. It was overly sweet, and not worth $9.  Soup ($3) - I ordered the Creamy Chicken Potato soup. It was salt. Salt. Salt. Salt. The vegetables were obviously of the frozen variety, and the presentation was horrific. The soup had spilled over the side of the cup and they hadn't bothered to at least wipe it. Linguine Clams with Red Sauce ($15.95) - This dish should be called Linguine with clams because there was barely a trace of sauce in my bowl/plate. There were so many noodles I thought the waiter had served me a portion for three people. I get it, this is a "family style" place, but for lunch portions also? Also: SALT, SALT, SALT. The dishes here are obviously doctored to an "Americanized" "Iodized" diet. Hefty in portions and in salt. I could barely stomach my noddles and although the clams were decent, there was no "seafood/brine" taste to this dish that SHOULD be there. Comparing this Linguine Clams to others I have eaten (mainly at Chicago Joes downtown), well I just cannot even compare the two. They do not make lunch portions. The lunch is just a shortened menu of their dinner. You get ginormous dinner portions and you pay the same amount of money. it's honestly a tourist-trap rip-off.I am sure the better ratings of this place are coming from tourists. But being a local I can only offer this advice: there are much better Italian places in town. Find them and stay away from Maggianos.Thank goodness I had a gift card.
5	What to say about this place. It is our fav spot for Italian food. Awesome Service Awesome Long Island Drinks Awesome Food I just hope they will not disappoint me ever because i just cant stop comparing others with them :)
5	Love, love, love this location. We recently had our wedding reception here for 50 guests. I cannot describe how perfect everything went; from the ambiance, decor, to the food. All our guests loved every minute and will eat here every time they visit Vegas from now on. Thank you Maggiano's!
5	We had lunch there today. We had peach-pomegranite lemonade. It was so good, we got some to go. We shared the stuffed mushroom appetizer and shared the chicken Florentine. Both dishes were awesome! Our server was friendly and did not care in the least that we were not having alcohol for lunch or that we were sharing in order not to feel stuffed when we left. We have eaten at Maggiano's in Atlanta a couple of times and the service and food was not this good.We would definitely eat here again.
5	This is by far my favorite Italian restaurant.  I think as far as value goes you get a great experience.  The views are great at this location.  Being right on the strip and having the whole wall on the strip side being windows it's a great view of the Wynn and Encore hotels.  I've had so many different meals here and never been disappointed.  The chicken parm. the rigatoni D(my favorite pasta dish here) and the Marsala are all fantastic.  For the price it is the best Italian restaurant I have ever been too and have been going to this Maggianos location for the last four years.  I've been to places in Vegas that are twice the price, half the portion, and 1/4 the food quality.   Don't miss this place if your in Vegas!
2	Atmosphere 4/5Food is 2/5Disappointing !!
5	YUM!First of all, this place is really big, and the interior has a good blend of homey yet classy and kind of made me feel like a snobby foodie. :) The restaurant has window panes across two sides and allows for a nice view of Las Vegas blvd (but not like a straight down the strip kind of view). Our server was very gracious, and the bread was amazing!I ordered Chicken Florentine with Angel hair which absolutely blew my mind. The chicken was stuffed with spinach, parmesan cheese, and sun dried tomatoes and coated with bread crumbs. The flavors and textures were all perfect!The best part was that the lunch price was not too price at all! Most of the pasta items were in the low-teens and the portions were enormous! I highly recommend this place to anyone who is visiting Vegas :)
4	I eat here about twice a year and love the place. It's above average Italian for a fair price. I generally avoid carbs like the plague, but this place had bomb-diggity salads and wonderful protein options.I usually order the salmon, either grilled or on a Caesar salad and it's never bad. No, it isn't the best fish you'll ever have but for the price you shouldn't be expecting such things.I am all about reasonable expectations with food. I'd give the food a 3.5 and the service a 4 in the out-of-five-stars department.
3	Went here after shopping in the Fashion Show Mall as me and my friend both wanted Italian and I had come here before and knew that the food is pretty good. Last time I came here I had a Caesar salad which was good and is my favorite, but I decided to try the Maggiano's Salad this time. It was good, but it ended up being pretty filling, so I was almost too full to eat my spaghetti and meatballs, but luckily I took it home for later. I don't have anything negative to say about the food, and the wait time was 20 minutes which is average for dinner time in Vegas. Our server was decent...he could have refilled my water/soda more and he had to double check what we ordered even after asking us twice when he originally took our order. We sat by the window which was great for a view of the strip. I don't ever go out of my way to go to Maggiano's but the food is good and so is the staff.
3	Slow Slow Slow service.   The food was good for me, my husbands filets were tough so he did not like it.  Kids liked their food but waiting 45 for the main course was a big turn off for us.
3	Atmosphere and service were great; however the food was just average. Lobster carbonara tasted like what you would expect from the Olive Garden.Italian sausage flat bread was ok as well.There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that I would try again.
5	This weekend I had a beautiful private dining experience at Maggiano's at Fashion Show.  My friends hosted my baby shower in a private room (with a great view and patio included!) for 30 people, passed appetizers, food table, dessert table and open bar.  It turned out beautifully and I could not be happier!  We worked with Sabrina, banquet manager, who was superb.  She recommended a menu (which was delicious and everyone loved the food!) for my mixed group (vegetarians, kids and adults), and helped us orchestra a budget that worked for the hosts.  I cannot tell you how grateful I am to have someone so lovely and gracious be a part of my special afternoon with my dear friends and family.I would do this again the exact same way and I'm looking for reasons to book another get-together in the same spot.
4	3 1/2 - 4 ****Located in the Fashion Show Mall, tons of parking and glass windows to enjoy the scenery.  Reservations highly recommended as it can get very busy. I've eaten here several times and for some reason I keep coming back.  It must be the large portions and great service. Food: Spinach Salad- Tender leaf spinach tossed with diced red peppers, roasted red onions and Gorgonzola cheese, yummy applewood smoked bacon, toasted pine nuts and apple cider vinaigrette. Tomato Caprese-Sliced tomatoes topped with fresh mozzarella and basil, drizzled with a balsamic glaze and Crispy Calamari. Dinner: Lobster Carbonara- It  was dry so I would never order it again. Mom's Lasagna with Meat SauceBeef Tenderloin MedallionsIt' really not a bad place despite of what others has said.   To me it's reasonably priced, service was great and I love the complimentary bread.
4	My brother and I went there when we were in Las Vegas and the food was very delicious. The belinis were out of this world.The manager came to check up on us at the table to see if we were being taken care of. This was, of course, during a commercial. He was watching the game on the TV screens and couldn't be bothered during the game and kindly waited for a commercial.After lunch, the manager and the waitstaff were congregated in the front of the reception area as we were about to leave and my brother and I both felt we were breaking up coffee talk.Other than that, the experience was great as well as the food.
3	Called to make reservations for a party of 7, Hostess on the phone said they were booked and pretty busy however we can walk in and wait... On the way down I was able to make Reservation via Internet, however we still thought the Restaurant would have at least an hour wait for a "BUSY" Saturday night as the Hostess stated.... come to our surprise Restaurant was far from Busy, and we were sat almost instantly. Very pleased with the Food, Great sized Portions, Complimentary bread oil and vinegar, however being lied too over the phone was rude, and almost made us change our dinner plans for the evening....
4	I went their for my husbands birthday the food was really good ... Omg the four cheese ravioli are the best if you're planning to go you have to try them :)
4	I know this is not an authentic Italian place, but some of their dishes are just the BOMB. Like the Rigatoni D - omg and their Penne with meat sauce - I don't know... I just love love love it. It so hits the spot. I make crazy good pasta sauces all the time so I am a skeptic but sometimes even the commercialized stuff can be tasty.
3	Another chain restaurant where we decided to check out the Vegas branch. This was a very large location, with a fun view of the strip. Service was attentive and friendly, and our food was fine- definitely edible, but nothing special. My peach bellini was my favorite part.
5	I went here for my 21st birthday dinner. Thankfully it was in walking distance from my hotel. The food was amazing, everyone in my party (party of 11) loved what they got and devoured it. I ordered the Linguine de Mare and it was amazing. I also heard great things about the spaghetti, my friend said it reminded her of the way her grandma would make it. The service was good, and I enjoyed being serenaded for my birthday by the cutest old man playing the guitar. Overall very pleased with my experience.
4	I loved maggiano's when I lived in Chicago so the one in vegas reminds me of home! The food is consistently good. The service was great. The portions are out of control but hey I get lunch the next day. I recommend you make reservations or you will be at the bar waiting!!!
3	Nice place for a lunch if you're in Fashion Show and don't want standard food-court food.
4	This was a great place to eat on the strip.  We didn't have reservations, but we took seats in the bar area. Other reviews suggested reservations, so if you have a large group or need to make a show, make reservations.  I had the tomato basil soup and chopped salad. Both were wonderful.  My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs. My children had the cheese ravioli's and the penne pasta. They also offer family style meals if you prefer that.  The waitress was very friendly and service was great.  I would recommend this to anyone going to Vegas. so much of the food we ate was overpriced and mediocre. This was reasonably priced and delicious.
2	We met up with a group of friends at Maggiano's on a Friday evening for one of their birthdays. Due to the size of our party, we ordered family style. This works out better for appetites such as mine, as I can usually help devour whatever is left over.We went with the larger set-up of family style meals, which looked to be a good deal. As we awaited our appetizers and salads, an older gentleman stopped by the table with his acoustic guitar to sing some songs, he played three (including happy birthday) and wished our friend another happy birthday before he went to another table. And proceeded to play the same three songs (but with more gusto for them); and to the next table, you guessed it... same three songs. The appetizers came out, we opted for the fried mozzarella and zucchini. The mozz was great! Wish there was a little more sauce on the plates or some ranch. The fried zucchini came with what looked like ranch, so it all worked out. Nope, that is a lemon sauce that masquerades as ranch. When asked for a side of ranch, we were rebuffed with a, "We don't carry ranch here." OK then.Our main courses began to roll out, this time our table became filled with lasagna, ravioli, alfredo and a go-to Italian dish: chicken parmagiana.Where to begin? The lasagna had a very pre-made/frozen taste to it, however, Stouffer's tastes more authentic than Maggiano's. Their iteration of chicken parm was ghastly. It seemed like it was cooked in a microwave with its rubbery, tough, dry and flavorless texture.I did not partake in the ravioli or alfredo until the next day, which is where I messed up. Those two dishes were the best of the four we chose.Desserts came out and they looked amazing. I, however, don't eat dessert, so I can only go off of the very little that was left to ascertain that it was pretty good.Onto day 2... I awoke Saturday morning with some serious pain. A mixture of "I ate too much and now I am starving" and "RUN". After a few trips to eliminate the intestinal pain, I was feeling good again.That evening, my wife re-heated the leftovers we were given according to the instructions on the to-go containers. Once more into the breach we went, devouring what was left. The ravioli and alfredo I skipped the night before were really tasty and I wished I had tried them the first night.Sunday morning was a repeat of Saturday morning. Needless to say, I shan't be patronizing Maggiano's again. The service was pretty good, the ambiance was nice. As is usually an issue for restaurants, it was the food that will keep me from going back.
5	We had our wedding reception at Maggianos on 8.10.13 after our wedding ceremony at Wynn Las Vegas.  It was 5+ STARS!  They took excellent care of us and we planned everything from out of town (we live in LA).  The reception could not have been more perfect and everyone at Maggianos made it so easy for us!  Our banquet captain Jessie Mzoughi was incredible!  I highly recommend them for your reception or any event!
1	Spur of the moment decision to eat at maggiano's food was good not great and service lacked in every way horrible is being nice.  They had an excuse for everything. Do not recommend. Wait staff was not professional.
4	Great customer service from our waiter Pete. He was awesome.  Very friendly and attentive.  Portions are so big you can share. Great authentic Italian food.
1	I tried to go here last night; party of five.  The hostess told us that it would be an hour and 45 minutes before we could be seated, even though there were only a couple of people waiting and there were a few tables inside and all but two tables outside were being used.No problem, we went downstairs to RA and had a great meal.
5	For over six years now, whenever my wife and I go to Vegas, this place has been a favorite. I love the gnocchi and Italian sausage, but haven't had anything I didn't like. Picture this: last night; Monday night; in Vegas again on business; four of us looking for a good meal; walk up to the counter and they are telling everyone it's an hour and a half wait; good thing I had a reservation. We were seated in minutes, 8:06 to be exact. Not bad for an 8:00 reservation. It was all good, as always. The service and especially the food!
1	Went here today (22nd Aug) whilst in Vegas, we haven't left Vegas yet and I felt I needed to write a review.Everything from start to finish was horrible. I ordered the chicken Parmesan. The chicken was tough, over cooked and tasteless. It came with a side of spaghetti marinara. The spaghetti was over cooked, mushy and the whole thing was very plain.Needless to say I didn't even eat half of my meal.My friend ordered some sort of pasta and seafood dish (I cannot remember the name) and despite that naturally having slightly more flavour due to it being seafood, the pasta was mushy also and tasteless. I asked for bottled water, they brought me tap water which I thought ok cool nevermind... I don't know what they did to the tap water there but (maybe it was the ice cubes they used?) but there was a hideous aftertaste of antiseptic! Our server never checked on us once, because if so I would have told her I disliked my meal and also ordered another drink. We had to ask her for the cheque three times and after we finished eating our meal and were given our cheque, it was 25 minutes before our plates were cleared.Needless to say I will not be returning.
5	Our waiter, Antonio, was AH-MAZE-ING!!! He took the best care of us. The most incredible service. Love him!!!!
5	Loved this place! First time there was a date night with husband and since we have a new baby it doesnt happen very often. Food was amazing, service was fast and the manager gave us a free dessert in celebration of the special night. Will be going back for sure.
4	I've been to Maggiano's a number of times, and I have not been disappointed yet.  The calamari is delicious, as are most of the pastas on the menu.  My biggest complaint is the price.  Even though the food is good, I really don't feel that it justifies the high price tag.  There are a number of basic pastas that you can get for less than $15, but these are bare bones dishes.  While still good, you're going to have to spend $20-$30 per dish if you really want to experience what they really have to offer that makes them great.  The atmosphere at Maggiano's differs between restaurants.  The Maggiano's in Denver has a much more classy, and quiet environment with great ambiance.  The Vegas location is much more noisy, usually overcrowded and the service much more casual.  Here's a few tips; make a reservation online, and in the comment box request a booth.
4	Very good food, excellent service.  Loved that they have gluten free pasta choices.  Our whole party was  happy with their entrees.  The lobster carbonara was especially tasty.  Lost one star for wine list.  Not as robust as we'd hoped.
4	Made a reservation here and was seated with no problem; but then again there was no wait. Service was pretty good, my girlfriend and I came as a short last dinner before heading back to reality. I would give our server a solid B+/A- considering menu explanation, time it took to get his attention, he remembered my to-go order, and we spent less than an hour there from being sat to exiting.We had:-Side spinach salad with gorgonzola cheese: pretty yummy, I am a fan of gorgonzola but I think huge chunks were a little much, even for me. Dressing was a little heavy.-Linguine & Clam: good broth in the pasta, healthy amount of clams-Peppercorn steak w/ the Maggiano's sauce which was carmelized onion and such: so yummy; a bit salty so you have to eat it with the mashed potatoes but the potatoes had melted cheese and it was so so good.Do want to mention that this restaurant did not have the classic "buy one take one home" menu options that are available at a lot of other chains, though.
5	I love Maggianos. I can't get enough of the Famous Rigatoni D. & they have the best calamari. I am also in love with the marinara sauce they use for the spaghetti as well as the chicken parmesan. Friendly staff & usually not very crowded when I come here. & I feel like I'm in the 1940s with the music they play. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
1	A tourist trap where location may be the only thing to recommend it.   Food at a level lower than a chain Italian and service was completely absent minded. At least they comped a drink and a meal from our party of four.  Avoid as there are so many good options why waste your limited dining experience on a restaurant that has such indifferent food and service?
5	We had our wedding reception here on August 3rd...IT WAS PERFECT!! The food was amazing, and there was LOTS of it! Our guests were thrilled. We had 120 guests, so we took up all of the banquet space. The dance floor was packed the entire time thanks to the DJ they recommended to us. We also used their vendors for cake and photo booth. Sabrina was very accommodating, and quick to respond to my questions via email or phone. I cannot recommend this place enough as a wedding reception venue. It looks good without any decor, even! Especially for Wynn brides - it is very convenient.
4	Great food! Typical Italina food (or Americanized Italian food rather).
5	When I was visiting Las Vegas my sister said this place was good so we went to eat here for lunch and happy hour. I was impressed. The $4 margherita flat bread from the happy hour menu was more than a foot long and so delicious! The house bread was warm and soft. I ordered the eggplant parmigiana and it was so good. The eggplant was juicy and not dry and the spaghetti was perfectly cooked and the sauce was not too thick which I like. The staff was nice and friendly and very attentive.
5	Love , love , lovvveee the foood . I would eat there everyday if I could ! Everything is made from scratch no presevatives , no frozen food. Tastes awesome :) I had the beef tenderloin with a side of mash potatoes and Asparagus, and the spinach artichoke appetizer to start with. Couldnt finish off with desert this time " way too full " but Ive had the Tiramisu in the past and its devine !
3	Waiter suggested special - chicken lasagna- Alfredo sauce almost non existent but dish still good. Ordered the second special ravioli with lemon "cream" sauce - it arrived and the sauce was like warm milk - very watered down - sent it back and split the lasagne.
4	Viva' Las Vegas, was my destination this weekend. And decided to take the girlfriend and parents to dinner here. I always enjoy this place. Did the family style, and if you never done family style food, well get on it. Its fun. Great food, from appetizers to entree's and also the desserts.. Everyone agreed the Mom's Lasagna was amazing, the Gnocchi & Italian Sausage was incredible , the  Crab & Shrimp Cannelloni was to die for, and Linguine & Clams,Red or White Clam Sauce was out of this site. So heads up if you do go, maybe call ahead of time, its a super busy place. We totally lucked out and sat outside since it was nice evening. But inside is very nice. Do you need to dress up? I would say at least wear a collar shirt guys.. Our waitress for the evening was very helpful and very fun. The only problem it took a while for us to get our appetizers, which she apoligized all night long. We didn't mind, we had our drinks in hand and having a good time. But other then that another great experience in the book.. Hope you guys enjoy. Because the food is amazing..
3	Terrible hostesses. I walked in at 5:30 abd asked how long the wait for 3 people was. I was told no wait. I said my people will be here at six can I put my name in a list, knowing it would get busy.  St sux I was told the wait was an hour.  Take your seats immediately even if your party is not there yet.   Customer service is non existent they count on the one shot tourist trade..After some discussion the manager Mike M. Made things right..  hopefully his staff will improve under his tutelage.
5	Amazing Italian in vegas. Especially for a chain.The lobster ravioli never disappoints.The drinks are allways off the chain.The only thing that stinks is the wait.  Super location, decent prices if youre looking to dine on strip outside a casino.  Love thi splace.
3	Aside from the box pasta they use I enjoyed my time here.  We made a reservation via Yelp and was immediately seated upon arrival :-) The food was so-so.  The lasagna was dry and the linguine with clams sauce did not stick to the pasta.  I'm from Chicago and this maggiano's was not great.
5	My husband and I came here for my 25th birthday dinner and let me just tell you, our waiter Anthony made our experience absolutely exceptional. He made conversation like we had known each other for years! We wanted to hug him on our way out the door! My husband and I have traveled a lot and it was the best service we have had ANYWHERE. The food was delectable. I had the lobster carbonara and my husband had the seafood pasta. His dish was piled high with seafood. Usually you only get a couple of each type of seafood but he literally had a plate full. I got a free birthday tiramisu and Anthony also brought me cute little lemon cookies with candles on them! An all around a Wonderful experience!
1	Heard great things about this place but wasn't impressed. It took over an hour to get our dinner. Had simple fettuccini Alfredo w chicken. It had decent taste but the sauce had the consistency of soup. It was so runny I could not eat it w my fork. The only place I saw the chicken was on my bill! On a good note the bread was good! Sadly this will make my list of the "one and done".
3	Don't need to tryFood is ok not too specialA little pricey for its value
4	Park in valet behind it take elevator straight up to the restaurant. BEST fried zucchini and lemon aioli anywhere ( this is truly why I come here !!) .
2	We were there over an hour and a half just to eat lunch.  Waitress was so slow took 20-30 between each time we seen her.  People next to us called over a manager because it took 25 minutes to just get a to go box.  I think it was more of Colette attitude that caused most of the anxiety with everyone.  She just doesn't know how to multi task.  We had other servers and manager to fill up our drinks and even to get us a bill.  However the food is always amazing.  They just need to work on training :(
5	I visit Las Vegas three times or more per year, and ever time we have to stop and eat at Maggiano's. It reminds me of some of the old Italian Restaurants back East. It's Italian comfort food and the service is excellent. Last year my wife and I celebrated our 30th Wedding Anniversary and we booked our dinner at Maggiano's. The waiter was not only attentive, but engaging. He interacted so well with everybody from my 90year old mother to my 4 year old grandchildren. The food was great.
2	Again, not impressed, although my dinner experience was a thousand times better than my solo lunch experience. I am not willing though to rate to a higher level as this dinner on many levels fell flat. I should have known, but kept my hopes up none the less. My husband and I were invited to a date night dinner here, so we went along for the ride.First off, service was a tad better this time around. Our waiter was a bit of an odd-ball though. I have to give him props for getting me a cocktail in just in time for the Happy Hour price. He was also incredibly knowledgeable about the restaurant's extensive menu. Happily telling us all kinds of things, including his opinion of the Marsala sauce that is very unlike his Italian grandmothers.Appetizers:Calamari Fritte, served with marinara. It was fried Calamari. Luckily though it was not soggy or gross. It was fried up nicely and with a spritz of lemon and a bit of the sauce was a decent app. Spinach & Artichoke Al Forno - I am a fan of artichokes in apps. My favorite though it basically just grilling the artichoke and serving it to me as is. However, I was not impressed with this dip. It is baked in an Asiago and Alfedo-like cheese sauce and it just did not have any zing to make it any better than any other spinach dip I have had.Crab & Shrimp Cannelloni ($18.50) - Ugh! What a waste of money. This dish came out in a POOL of cheese sauce. Literally, the entire plate was cheese sauce. The menu description says this, "Asiago cheese sauce and breadcrumbs". No. There were no breadcrumbs. My plate was a goopy pile of cheese sauce, with three lone Cannellonis that had, perhaps, 4-5 pieces of shrimp. The peppers included did not enhance the meal one bit. The cannelloni was soggy and unappetizing and the crab meat inside was like a wet mop, just smooshy and gross. I was incredibly disappointed in this dish.I wish I had gotten the Spaghetti and Meat Sauce, which is what my husband got, and he cleaned his plate!Creme Brulee ($7.95) - A huge portion of creme brulee served in a trough. Okay, I'm just kidding it wasn't served in a trough, but it might as well have been. The dessert portions are large, so ya know, share. My husband had one spoonful of the creme brulee and I was left to eat the rest of it.Again, as an overall opinion - it's over-priced, over-salted, overly-hyped Italian food on The Strip. It's a chain Italian restaurant I will continue to avoid.
4	Long wait on a Veteran's day weekend. Almost 2 hours wait!!! =( but the steak was good.. and the appetizers. Mozerella Marinara and the Center Cut Filet Mignon..yum
4	I ordered take out.  Four cheese ravioli with pesto Alfredo.  I drove home and to my dismay my pasta was covered in marinara. I called and the manager answered.  He was very kind and said he would start the correct order right away.  He explained the dish is garnished in marinara.  However I did not read that in the description and dislike tomato sauce.  As soon as I returned to the restaurant they replaced the pasta. I was frustrated I had to drive all the way back, but they gave really great service.
4	My what a difference a year makes...both in how I write Yelp reviews and in my Maggiano's experience. I was back at Maggiano's for a private event and this time it was much better. Yes, they serve the dishes family style. Yes, you pay a slightly inflated price I attribute to the unofficial Strip surcharge. You get past all that and you'll find some good food here. On this occasion there was one item that had me going back for more: Crispy Zucchini Fritte. The zucchini is a diet killer. Calorie counting? Yeah, forget about that. Just make sure you get yours before the rest of the table does. The rest of the items I tried today were good, but there was nothing that warranted asking for a box to take it with me. The Fettuccine Alfredo was respectable, not the best I've ever had but it certainly was filling and I sneaked in a second small helping of it. The Chicken Piccata was actually disappointing. I masked my disappointment by having more Caesar salad and where did that Zucchini go again? One note to the staff...the Lemon Cookies were too cold. But the Apple Crostada made me forget all about the cookies...As this was a business function, the Maggiano's staff took great care of my needs and of everyone that I work with. All things considered 4 Stars seems appropriate. Almost forgot to mention one more thing. The Valet seems super slow here. If you're in a hurry to get somewhere else plan accordingly.
3	Came here on a Wednesday night at ~7:45pm with a party of 8... the hostess estimated a wait time of about an hour and 45mins; however, we got lucky and got seated in 20mins because a larger party had just left.Everything seemed to have gotten off to a good start. Once we were seated our server was super knowledgeable of the menu, which was great. Also he tailored the service to our party which had 3 kids, this was also great.However there were certainly some service failures... we sipped on water for ~25 minutes (yes I timed it) before our actual drinks came in and he would literally ramble off every single ingredient in the specialty menu before letting us order, it was like he was reading a disclaimer off of one of those TV commercials.I finally ended up ordering the Chicken Marsala and the Fettuccine Alfredo. The sauce on the chicken marsala  was creamy but watery and the mushrooms were soggy and looked like they had been left in the salamander for too long. The Fettuccini was also a little tough and the Alfredo sauce had texture like mayo, not as creamy/runny as it should have been. It was chunkier than the marsala!Overall, the atmosphere felt moderately upscale and the servers knowledge accompanied by the; however, for the price we paid the service and food quality did not meet my expectations. I would rate the atmosphere 4/5, the service 3/5, and the food quality 2/5Tip: View is great, atmosphere is moderately upscale, and the service is adequate. If you're looking to impress a date this is a great spot. However if you're just looking for some great Italian food with your family or a large party this is not a good spot for the money.Tip: Menu is small and it is periodically updated, something to keep in mind just in case you had a favorite.
5	My wife and I love this place. This is my favorite Italian place in vegas. The prices are good. The food is great. We have been here twice. Both times service was great. Love the food. If you want real food. real serving sizes, and decent prices, come here for your Italian food needs.
5	Went here and it is nice to be able to park and go up the elevator right into the restaurant.   Food was extremely good and the service was excellent.  The prices were very affordable as well.  Will definitely go back soon.
4	2 hour wait! OMG -_- The food is good, but not 2 hour good.People, without reservations that came after us, were called before we were. We had a table of 6. We were so hungry by the time they called us that we ordered a bunch of appetizers- mussels, mozzarella sticks, and calamari. The complimentary bread was okay... not my favorite type of bread. I thought I ordered pasta because I saw pictures on Yelp... but it wasn't on their menu. The shrimp & crab pasta on Yelp pictures are different than the menu's shrimp & crab cannelloni. It was actually good though- 3 crepes filled with cheese, crab, and shrimp. Everyone else ordered pasta carbonara and steak. Everyone liked their food so that was good. It was a great experience but the wait is killer.
4	This place is crazy busy, but the Crispy Zucchini app was stellar and worth the wait. Our entree was just ok, the linguine di mare, probably wouldn't order it again. Our server really was phenomenal, and took great care of us.
5	We had a bottle of Malbec to start off, we enjoyed the Chicken Parmesan and Chicken  Marsala.  The bread was hot and the sever was outstanding!
4	My husband and I stopped in for an early weekend lunch recently. We had the entire place to ourselves for a bit around 11:30. It's attached to the Fashion Show Mall, and it seemed like most were just grabbing a quick bite in the food court instead. I liked the fact that our server asked if we preferred butter or olive oil and parmesan to go along with our bread. Gimme' the oil and parm, please! A pet peeve of mine is that a few select Italian restaurants in St. Louis want to up-charge for this... yes, seriously. Anywho, we carbed out on the stuff. :)I ordered the chicken and spinach cannelloni, while my husband went with the chicken parmesan. Both lunch portions were friggin' HUGE! My husband actually had two full breasts of chicken on his plate served with a large side of pasta. Four noodles came in my order, and had big chunks of chicken in every bite. We made a good dent in the dishes, but still had plenty left over. We both agreed that it was good, but it didn't compare to the good ole' authentic Italian we both love so much.
3	Good food but had to FIND our server every time we needed anything. Unacceptable when you are paying to eat out.
3	I love the food here but this experience wasn't as great as it was in the past. I made a reservation and when we arrived we were told that there weren't any tables available. It wasn't even that busy! But we waited patiently for about 20 minutes so that wasn't horrible. And then our cocktails took at least 20 minutes to arrive at the table. Once we ordered, my soup came out eventually. I had two bites and then the entrees came out. By the time I finished my soup, the cheese on my pasta was no longer hot. Gross. Overall it wasn't a terrible experience, but the previous times were much better. I guess that's why I gave the 3 stars. It wasn't terrible... Just made my eye twitch
4	Always a good lunch spot! Food and service are consistently good!
5	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!Great Food!  Great Service!  Great Ambiance!We were looking for a place to take our father for his 78th birthday dinner.  He loves Italian.  Though Maggiano's is a chain, this location beats all of the other locations we have visited.  The waiter (Nester) was terrific.  We decided to do the Classic Family Style.  There was almost too much food for all of us.  Each course and entree was delicious.  Calamari was perfect.  Steamed mussels were awesome.  Caesar Salad was bountiful and a good palate cleanser before the entrees.  Peppercorn Beef, Salmon, Chicken Piccata, and Linguine with red clam sauce were all perfect together.  But remember you have two desserts coming so make some room.  On this particular evening they had a gentlemen playing the violin.  He came over and serenaded our father with Happy Birthday.  Bottom line Father loved it all. Thanks Maggiano's!
3	Visited the day before New Year's Eve. I think they were just really busy. Our food didn't arrive for 35 minutes & our drinks were never refilled. My server seemed so busy we could hardly gain his attention to ask for a refill & to ask for an additional place setting.The service shouldn't take away from the food. However, when you pay $150 for a meal you expect great service. They failed on that front. Stay away during busy times. I'm sure they're much better during less busy times.
4	Great atmosphere, make sure to park Valet on the northeast corner of the mall and take elevator. We made reservations and was seated promptly. Our server, Seidi was unbelievable and offered great suggestions. She made our party feel very welcomed. Food was great!Recommendations:App- zucchini sticksMeal- Chicken ParmDes- tiramisu
5	Food was very good! I had chicken piccata and hubby had stuffed shells from their holiday menu. The stuffed shells were to die for! Had a frozen Bellini which I would recommend! Will go back next time we visit Vegas!
5	I got talked into going here! If I made the dinner choice I would not have chosen Maggiano's but now after having it I can't wait to go back!I ordered the chicken picatta. The chicken was cooked just right and it had just the right amount of capers.  It came with angel hair pasta that they put in a separate bowel.  I also ordered a side of grilled asparagus.  I have been craving this chicken picatta since I finished eating mine! I was informed there is one in San Jose...I will be checking that one out as well and hope it will be just as tasty!The restaurant is located at Fashion Show mall.  I'm usually not a big fan of mall food but this was pretty darn good.  Service was slow but they were friendly. There were a lot of people and the wait was around 45 minutes so we decided to head to the bar for seating.  We lucked out and found two bar seats.  Great food, decent service, I would go back!
3	Be careful where you get sat. Hostess sent us to a long rectangular bar table right behind the hostess stand, yet there is no waiter service there, as we found out from the three other couples that were in the same predicament.  After some discussion with manager, we got our meal comped (all we wanted was pasta to go for the little guy).  I've been before and had a good visit, but this time was no bueno.  Kudos to manager for recognizing the situation, we were about to walk out.
5	I have being here a couple of times , and all experience so we're excellent. .food is delicious , atmosphere is great. .love the complimentary bread..fettuccine to die for..definitely my place to eat when I shop at fashion show
2	Wait was terrible. It was Friday night after 10 pm and the place was busy. We were a party of four.  Our flatbread was cold and placed on a menu on the table, dishes not cleared, no butter or oil offered. Brought entree before salad. When we asked for more bread, he brought 2 pcs for four people  Not sure if he was mad we didn't order drinks or wine?
5	Ma-Ma-Ma-Maggiano's I sure love you!  Why? Because you make my tummy happy!I have been going to Maggiano's on and off since the Las Vegas location opened.  I had never heard of the chain before because I am not really an Italian food fan and tend not to notice those restaurants around town.  I went here for the first time for a friend's birthday dinner a while back and have been hooked ever since!  Before Maggiano's, I was a pasta hater.  I know, I know, I am a weirdo, but I just wasn't into any pasta.  I would only eat it if I had to, but it was never a first, second, or third choice for me.  That was until I had the Chicken and Spinach Manicotti.  This is in my Top 10 dishes ever.  That very night after eating this dish, I kid you not, I had a dream about it.  Yes, when I have a great meal, I will dream about it.  I still get this dish 99% of the time.  Every time I get it, it makes my whole day.  If I could get away with it in public, I would totally lick the plate to get all of the sauce off because I don't want to waste one drop of that awesome Alfredo goodness.  When I do try a different dish, I often feel like I am having a food affair and cheating on my precious manicotti Yes, I love it that much.I have tried a few other dishes (while having a food affair) and they have all been good.  I really have enjoyed the Chicken Saltimbocca, Eggplant Parm, Lasagna, and the Beef Tenderloin Medallions.  I don't think I have ever heard anyone I was with not like one of their dishes.  Yummy yum.The kid's menu is also fantastic as well.  The food is awesome adult quality except it is just a little more friendly to a kid palates.  They have all sorts of pasta options, chicken fingers, and pizza.  The kid's chicken fingers are ridiculously tasty because yes, I steal my kid's food on occasion.  Every kid's meal is $5.95 for a big entree, dessert, and a drink.  This is a better deal than a lot of restaurants that serve kid's mediocre food.  I love a good deal!One good tip I have for you is to make a reservation ahead of time.  This particular location always seems to be busy, no matter what time of day.  They are on OpenTable.com, so making a reservation is super easy 24/7.  If you have never been to a Maggiano's, you should give it a try.  And of course my recommendation would be the Chicken and Spinach Manicotti!
2	The service here is awful. It took us an hour to be sat. We never it bread, it felt like a very uncaring environment. The food might be good but I am not sure because it is taking so long to get served that I might die of starvation first. I have been waiting so long that I have time to write all this. Also stingy with the bread and balsamic.
4	We visit Las Vegas between 2-5 times a year and have never dined at Maggiano's.  Great place to relax, have a delicious bite and not spend a whole bunch of money.I had the Chicken Romano and my boyfriend had the spaghetti and meatball.  I wanted to trade dishes with him.  That is the way I enjoy my spaghetti!!  Perfect!!!Vanessa was our server and she was efficient and friendly.Only downfall about the visit was the parking lot.  It was full and confusing.  Better if you walk there.We will visit Maggiano's again, for sure!!
3	3.5 starsOur server was incredibly nice and the Calamari appetizer was delicious.I ordered the Linguini al Mare and the description made it sound like pasta with marinara sauce and seafood. It was actually like a cioppino, which is not my favorite thing and having the linguini sitting in seafood sauce wasn't great. If you like cioppino though, they are very generous with the seafood.My bf got the Salmon Orzo and he said it was way too salty. Still pretty good, but it needed more sauce or something to balance out the salt.We were kind of disappointed, which is sad because we LOVE this place, especially the one in LA.
3	I was instantly alarmed when we were seated and I saw food stuck on the empty wine glass in front of me. I could hardly place a drink order with the server because I was so fixated on this overlooked problem. Only compounding the unease, we were placed on the edge of the aisle, the front legs of my chair were on a carpeted area and the back in the aisle ... so I always felt like I was about to fall off my chair. (And this was before the wine!) Our server was curt and lacked warmth. I think this may have been the result of me being sucked into the tractor beam of the dirty wine glass when I was ordering. We had to ask twice for butter (over EVOO). However, we were truly glad this restaurant was open so late! (Most every sit-down establishment was was closed except Buca and Maggiano's). While it is chain food and has that "chain" quality (frozen), it is still filling and occasionally tasty. If you are a vegetarian, be careful! Many of the appetizers (like the stuffed mushrooms) and entrees use chicken-stock for flavor (which is not posted on the menu). We discovered this "the hard way." Ask your server for guidance.Maggiano's receives high-marks from us for being open late in this city that seems to close-down everything but the casinos after 10:30. Nonetheless, the walk to the deserted Fashion Mall (at this hour) is truly harrowing (we saw NO security in this area whatsoever) so go in a large, alert group. Seriously.
5	Friends made reservations here for dinner and I expected the usual high Las Vegas prices and brusque service. I was pleasantly surprised in that the service was excellent and the food was super-delicious. I tried one of the pasta specialties with chicken and shrimp and it was excellent for only $18.50. Everyone else commented on how good their food was. I highly recommend Maggiano's for a fantastic Italian dinner in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. I'm looking forward to my next dinner there!
3	Big, crowded, popular eatery.  Food is good, not great but I'm a food snob.  Girls at reception desk were too busy flirting with guy to greet guests, had to wait several minutes till they finally noticed I was standing there.  Ate at the bar, Jeremy the bartender was fantastic with great service and recommendations.
5	I had an amazing time here tonight! We had our Christmas party and the food was delicious! I especially loved the Apple Crumb with ice cream. It was so good it was sinful!
4	This place was absolutely great. Our waiter was attentive and helpful with menu choices, and the food was great! We were seated right away even though we ended up 30 min early for our reservation. I had the linguine with clams in the white wine sauce and my boyfriend had the scrimp scampi. His was amazing and they give you about 20 shrimp! Mine was good but I think the red sauce is probably better. It was a little bland so a lot of parmesan helped :) Get the dessert sampler! It's delicious! Tiramisu, apple crostada, and the cheesecake were the best. The chocolate cake was really not great and kind of dry, and our creme brulee was runny and undercooked. Overall good prices and good portions! $73 for 2 entrees, a dessert, and a bottle of wine. I would definitely come back.
3	We got off to a questionable start as we were sat several minutes after our reservation time.  It was not a deal breaker, but it was annoying.  Our server was prompt and friendly.The bread is very good.  It is hard not to fill up on it before your meal comes.  We ordered a few appetizers for the table.  I tried the mozzarella marinara.  It was surprisingly good.  Most places you can tell the mozzarella was pulled from the freezer right before it was fried.  The mozzarella here had good flavor, and the portions are good sized.To start off my meal I ordered the side portion of the Maggiano's Salad.  I always enjoy this salad.  The house dressing has good flavor.  The blue cheese and bacon add great flavors too.  The portion is large.For my main course I ordered the veal Parmesan.  The portion is huge.  It comes with a side of spaghetti as well.  The veal is ok as far as flavor is concerned.  I have had better, but it was fine.
5	Wonderful food and service. We went there for our wedding rehearsal dinner a few months ago. Everyone had a great experience!
5	We made reservations for 7:30 and arrived about 45 mins before our reservation so we thought that we might get lucky and get a table early. We ended up not getting seated until 7:50 which we were not happy about because we had show tickets. We were so happy with the quality of the food and service provided that the issue with the long wait was no longer an issue. We will definitely be returning to the restaurant
5	I went to this restaurant last weekend and had a great experience.  Everything we ordered was great and the service was excellent. It had the atmosphere of a very nice restaurant, and the prices were reasonable. I'll definitely be back!
4	Stopped in for dinner during Presidents Day weekend and while very crowded and some delay the food came out hot and delicious. Still a great casual spot on the strip!
2	I always loved going to Maggiano's while living in LA. I have to say my most recent visit  to the LV location will probably be my last. Reservations are a must, but the bar, reception, and dining areas are always so packed full of pushy people. The wait staff is so stressed out by all the drinks, bread, meals, desserts, and checks that they barely have a minute to be cordial.I equate Maggiano's with romance-dark setting, big booths, great music and good food. Well, sadly the place has turned into family heaven. There was every age group of child from infant strapped to his dad's chest, to toddlers in strollers parked in the isle, to children throwing tantrums, to teens glued to their iPhones. Sorry to say, just the sights and sounds of all these children during my meal turned my evening into a spectator event rather than a romantic dinner. I suggest keeping the kids with grandma or the babysitter, but probably most of the kids we saw were tourists so I think I will just try my luck at a different Italian restaurant off The Strip.
4	A must have! My husband and I had the lasagna and the chef Mann's country style pasta- two completely different dishes but both equally delicious and comforting. Visually beautiful, an array of textures, and the smell.... Mmmmmm. The staff was quick and courteous. We hardly waited at all for seating and food (we arrived at 3pm).  Oh and while we didn't take advantage of it this time- they offer a nice happy hour menu.
5	The food is absolutely amazing! Our waiter was awesome but the hostesses working tonight are horrible. No energy, no smiles, and they were very rude. They made me feel uncomfortable and I'm sure anyone else would feel the same. Like I understand you may not be working but you're making money so slap on a smile and fake it! These two girls would never survive where I work.
4	I would have given it 5 stars but our first server was HORRIBLE!! I wish I could remember his name. Thankfully he ended up going home after our appetizers, and we got a new server! The food was delicious and very filling! We ordered the family style option, and it was way too much food for 4 people! We had yummy leftovers though!
5	Recently visited this place again for the second time. The food here is just so damn good, mouthwatering dishes I would say. Also, this place has a wonderful view to the strip and very nice customer service.
4	A much better and more reasonable priced option on the strip. It really captures the essence of an old school Italian joint and the food was excellent and reasonably priced with all things considered. We ordered the chicken marsala which was to die for as well as a ceasar salad and grilled salmo
4	As far as chain restaurants go, this is one of my favorites. This particular location is awesome too, and I suspect because of it's primo Las Vegas Strip location, they are all trained to wow you with their service.I took the wife and kid here, and I was almost ashamed to do so because of the white cloth tables. This location seemed just a tad upper class, but alas we were hungry wolfpack. And I spotted a smattering of kids here so I didn't feel as bad later.Ordered the bruschetta, shrimp scampi, and classic spaghetti meatballs. All dishes were excellent,  esp the scampi. No complaints here. The bruschetta was super tasty, the tomatoes and olive oil made me feel like I was in Tuscany. Haha. Too much? Yeah.Service was amazing. I didn't get the guys name but it was perfect. Friendly, but not fake, attentive, but not pyscho. Deserving of his 25% tip...only in Vegas right?Anyway, if you got an urge for Italian but don't want snotty service at a Michelen joint, come here.
5	Was it just because I was really hungry, or was the food really that good?My wife and I visited Las Vegas for our wedding anniversary back in January.  Upon driving in from San Diego, we went shopping, drove around a bit and by the time we checked into our hotel, we were famished.  Look out the window and what did we see?  Maggianos, never been there, it is close, let's give it a whirl.It was crowded!!  45 minute wait?  Forget it, let's go to the bar and perfect 2 seats on the corner.Bartender was very pleasant and even humored me when I had to share a picture on my phone that I had received earlier in the day.  "Drinking rum before 10am makes you a pirate NOT an alcoholic"I can't even remember what my wife had, but I didn't care.  I do know that she liked it though.  I had the spaghetti with meatball in meat sauce.  Holy smokes.  Spaghetti is probably my goto favorite food, but this was wow!Wait...there is no Maggiano's in San Diego?  Nooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	After a long and tiring day at Magic tradeshow, the team came here to feast! I was pretty hyped since it was my first time. The 5 of us ordered the classic family style which was I believe $35 a person. Not that cheap, but do-able.Service was utterly non-existent. Food took forever inbetween servings, we're talking about 20-25 min inbetween each dish...even appetizers..That's pretty damn bad. As you could expect, we got full just sitting there, so had so much food non taken advantage of.Maggiano's...not a good way to treat the customers. If I come back..and that's a pretty strong IF, I would hope they actually serve our table.Meh.-Goodfood.LA
5	We ended up getting reservations here for our dinner, the last time we were in vegas; and I am glad we did.  The service was great! I want to say our servers name was nestor? but I could be wrong, either way... great service. we had the margherita flatbread to start (delicious) and our server recommended a  dush to me which was amazing.  it was nicknamed "grown up mac n cheese" but it was nothing like mac and cheese.  I rarely ever give a place 2 thumbs up or five star etc etc... but the food and service were amazing.
5	This place was great. My Dad loves a good spaghetti and meatballs, it's his go to favorite meal.  And me myself, I LOVE Chicken Parmesan. We went here  when we were visiting my Dad in the fall. We had a great, amazing view of the Strip, and it was right as the sun going down... PERFECT.We all had great food, and great service. I know it's a chain but it was still good to enjoy it and the environment was great.Hopefully, next trip out to Vegas to visit me Dad, we can stop again.
5	It was New Year's Day, and another visit to Maggiano's.  This dinner really started the year off right!  Rustic bread was very good, and golden Calamari Fritte was again excellent alternately dipped in a specially requested Lemon Aioli, along with a mild Marinara Sauce.  A filling bowl of Tuscan Chicken Sausage & Orzo Soup was outstanding, and a small chopped Caesar Salad with a light and delicious Creamy Caesar Dressing, big crunchy croutons, and Parmesan splinters was nice and cool.Although we had to ask for one round of water refills, and Meat Sauce was first mistakenly brought to Diane's side of our booth, these minor lapses were quickly corrected, and otherwise service was excellent, as is usually the case here.  My entree of Spaghetti & Meatball in Meat Sauce was very fine indeed, with a large dense meatball, al dente spaghetti, and a mild sweet sauce.  For Diane, Roasted Red Potatoes served on request in lieu of pasta were simply prepared and excellent tasting.  I asked for a few mushrooms to be added to my Meat Sauce, and they were.  There was no charge levied for this or the aioli, although I would have gladly paid for these graciously given extras.Once again, five-star dining--on a holiday, when expectations are highest.  This time they were even exceeded!
3	The service was okay, had to ask the waiter for a refill on water after waiting nearly 10 minutes. The calamari was soggy but the portion was large. The tomato and basil soup was eh, but the Taylor Street Baked Ziti wasn't bad.
5	My first time dining at Maggiano's was in Florida a couple years ago. I fell in love with it! I came back home, to Vegas, and was unaware we had one here until I went to the Fashion Show Mall. They never cease to amaze me. From their freshly baked bread that's still hot when brought to your table, to their absolutely delicious 4 Cheese Ravioli, you can't go wrong dining here. Our waitress was this super sweet lady who was obviously from a different country. I can't remember her name, but she was the best. Couldn't ask for a better server. The hostess was a bit... Off setting. She didn't look very happy. But I've been a hostess before and I know how stressful it can be. A smile will go a long way though (:
2	This place has certainly changed alot, they use to have the best caesar salad and on our visit this past saturday, not so good, barely had any dressing on it.  Service was also very poor, I understand they are very very busy but we waited a very long time to get our bread.  Our waiter had not help from his busser.I don't like how you can no longer order small and large, food quality has definately gone down. :(
4	There's a Maggiano's in my hometown of San Jose. Strangely enough, I have never been to that place. So this was my first time ever at Maggiano's! Whoa.We pretty much hit the jackpot with parking. The underground lot of the Fashion Show mall has several entrances, and although we entered from the south end of the mall, we found our way to the northeast corner (which was actually near an exit) and found a perfect, surprisingly non-wheelchair parking space very close to the elevator that takes you directly to the back of Maggiano's.After walking through to the host desk at the front, we got seated fairly quickly. It was a busy lunch hour, but not absolutely jampacked. We were seated by a window, thankfully, and we got to see some of the Wynn and Palazzo. I had a blast watching the Wynn divider move up and down the LED screen. Who needs a TV?I somewhat surprised myself for asking for coffee. I was dead tired from accumulate sleep debt this week, so it was worth every penny of the $2.95. Our server was funny though. He took care to turn the saucer such that the spoon and coffee mug handle were angled to my left, even though it's kinda assumed that most people (including yours truly) are right-handed.I have a lot of love for the Baked Eggplant Parmesan. So does my mom. She ordered it (and saved the leftovers for a special someone) along with the stuffed mushroom appetizers. My aunt went with the Linguini and Clams with white clam sauce, and I had the Veal Parmesan.Just like in most Italian restaurants, we got started off with complimentary bread with olive oil / vinegar dipping sauce. Nice crust on the outside and soft absorbent inside. What more do you want?The mushrooms came out first of the orders, and they were delicious. Couldn't care less that basically bread crumbs and fungus (with spinach and garlic). According to my mom, the version she knows from San Jose uses a higher number of smaller mushrooms. I guess you gotta go big in Vegas though, and I didn't mind fork-and-knifing it. I thought that the parmesan cheese available table-side did enhance the flavor, which some might view as a shortcoming.I sampled some linguini too. It's pretty good, although the clam-to-noodle ratio reminds me strongly of ramen, in a not-that-appealing way. I like to have more of a balance of protein and starch.My veal was nicely pounded, breaded, and fried and was sufficiently tender as far as that goes. The melted provolone and marinara sauce and the accompanying spaghetti were all great complements. I just realized that I didn't dust off my leftover veal with parmesan before leaving, which makes me a bit sad.Overall, it was good, solid Italian food. One of the best parts, really, was the view, which strongly correlates with the obvious Las Vegas Strip price markups. It's alright though - I would have been hard-pressed to spend the $50 in gift cards at another time. Yay for heavy reductions on out-of-pocket costs!
4	The atmosphere is great, the food and wine were very good, and we got a great server as well! Was able to make an online reservation through Open Table for five people 30 minutes ahead of time on a Friday evening, which was awesome.
3	The Location is perfect to travelers and night view from the window seats is wonderful. Average food quality is good, but some sea food menu, such as a  Linguini di Mare are extremely salty. I could not eat at all. However stuffed mushroom is the best!! I also like their happy hour drink menu. (3-6PM)
4	Very very good food, only tried a couple dishes butt they were outstanding and very fresh. The pasta seems to be made from scratch which is always a plus and the sauces are not overwhelming. Very good
4	Last night my husband and I was treated to dinner by our kids here at Maggiano's in Fashion Show Mall and the dinner was great. Everyone had something different and all the dishes were great. My husband who is also a chef had no complaints, which is very rare, he had Clams & Linguine, the sauce was surely a hit with everyone at the table ( we all sampled each others dishes lol), I had the Chicken Francese, the chicken was tender and juicy, loved the butter sauce and the crispy Potatoes. The kids ate Lasagna and Chicken Parmesan both equally good! Our appetizer was the Mozzarella & Marinara very good sauce. The lack of a fifth star was not because of food but the wait we had even with our reservation. But with good food you must expect a crowd and the wait was worth it. We also had a table with a great view of the Las Vegas strip!
4	Came for a bachelorette party dinner.  There was about 10 in our group and opted for the family style menu.  We chose the classic menu which came with a choice of 3 appetizer or salad, 4 main courses, and 2 desserts.  From what I remember, we had the calamari which was amazing, the bruschetta which was also amazing, and the maggiano's salad the salad was pretty good.  For our main courses, we had the chicken parm. I was not really a fan of this dish just because if was overly breaded.  We also had the peppercorn crusted sirloin.  This dish was really good. The meat was tender and the flavors were good.  Along with our meat dishes, we ordered baked ziti and fettuccine alfredo.  I enjoyed the baked ziti but the fettuccine alfredo was too much on the thick side where the noodles clump up together.  The dessert we chose are tiramisu and creme brulee both were yummy. The creme brulee was on the little runny side but it was a really good runny kind.  There were so much food that we even had tons for left overs.  Everyone enjoyed their food before food coma sets in.  The service was very very very good.  The host was able to hold our table even past the 15 min hold time because our party was so late.  Our wait staff was so friendly and soft spoken.  She was attentive but not annoying.  She approached our table frequently but not too frequent.  Drinks were refilled  before they  even reached half way.  Overall, it was a great experience.  I would recommend this place for big groups who has a budget because to be honest restaurants at Vegas can get super expensive and not everyone can afford them.  Would I come here again??? Of course!! I am actually planning on having my family  bday dinner at the one in LA.
5	I found this restaurant by chance as my friends and I were walking down the street from our hotel towards Mirage hotel. At first, we thought it would be very expensive to eat there but since it's at the fashion show mall, we thought we'd stop by and check it out. We were pleasantly surprised to see that the prices were pretty reasonable (except Steaks which cost over $40)I ordered shrimp scampi with angel hair pasta and I loved it!! it was very light in garlic butter wine sauce and unlike most restaurant, they put a generous amount of shrimp in there, which was awesome! It was a pretty decent sized plate too, but I ended up eating every bit of it! Yumm! My friends ordered the lasagna and they both loved it too. Good portion, very meaty, cheesy and delicious. (Yes, I had to take a bite for myself!)We ordered a bottle of chianti for $36 (I think) and it was pretty good and went well with the food.  If you're planning on having at least 2-3 glass, that would be a better option than ordering by the glass which is usually $10/glass.Above all, our server was really nice, friendly and fun. I think her name is Lori (?)Their freshly baked bread was soooo good, nice, fluffy and warm. I am not really a big bread eater, especially before my meal, but I ended up eating 3 pieces - dipped in the olive oil vinaigrette and grated Parmesan cheese. Yumm!  We didn't have a reservation so we were told we have a half hour wait. We were waiting for about 15 minutes but  luckily, we found a table at the bar, first come first serve, so we ended up eating at the bar area, which was just fine by us. They serve the full menu there as well.  They have a nice outdoor seating area as well. I'd recommend that you call and make a reservation if you have a large group or don't want to wait to be seated.Sooo, Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely going back there, to try out their seafood Linguine!
5	Went on dinner date on 4/14, made reservations greeter didnt even acknowledge that we arrived. Hostess saw that we were uncomfortable as she sat the table. Too many tables and one restaurant.I thought to myself if were with our other table next to us.anyways. .. Our server Stephanie was great very knowledgeable on the menu offered appetizers(Bruschetta)appetizer was out b4 bar drinks! asked for chilled martini's .actually came out chilled! Food  was delicious!!! (chicken piccata and chicken parmesan).stefanie offered us tiramisu as dessert was delightful! Thank u Stefanie for great service!
4	Very tasty food, professional and very courteous waitress. Chicken parmigiano was excellent, strong drinks. Highly recommended.
5	Great food, amazing atmosphere. The portions are very big, take that into account when you order.
5	I have been to Maggianos about 3 different times but this last time warrants some shout outs. I graduated and wanted a place to go for my group of 10 friends and family. I found out they also have a happy hour that's offered in the restaurant so I made the reservation. We were seated right away and our drink orders were taken almost immediately. The group decided to participate in the family style dinner. We had calamari, bruschetta, chopped salad, chicken parm, fettuccine Alfredo, Parmesan crusted tilapia, tiramisu and pound cake. WOOOO! The best part of our meal was the very attentive and funny Jacob. He always offered us more food but everything was just enough for our group. He kept the drinks a flowing too and made sure this girl was happy, happy on her graduation day.
1	My husband and I had our wedding reception here and thought it would be special torevisit it for our 6 month anniversary since our original impression was spectacular. Unfortunately our experience for our anniversary was the complete opposite.  Even though we made reservations our table was on top of the guests behind us. The service was virtually nonexistent;  we had empty glasses, we waited about 30 minutes for each course,  and when  finally got our food it was not as satisfying as our original experience.  Needless to say, we will not be dining with them again.
5	The food and service was great. Our server, Rafael, was so helpful. He made several suggestions that helped us to decide what to order without breaking the bank or over stuffing ourselves. We reserved online, got there a bit early and got seated within a couple of minutes.Rafael explained that anything and everything on the menu could be modified to our desire - different noodle, sauce, substitution of an ingredient, etc. So we ordered the seafood linguine and substituted shrimp for mussels. Came out totally delicious. Appetizers were $4 until 6:30pm so we ordered italian sausage flatbread. Delicious! We were too full for dessert but wanted a tasted of the Tiramisu - our favorited. Rafael suggested the sampler Tiramisu for a fraction of the regular price. We went for it and were surprised by the still good sized portion. Again it was perfect. Rafael also gave us suggestions for tours and shows. Our experience was fantastic. We couldn't stop talking about it to our family and will try Maggiano's in San Jose
3	This review is hard to write because there were both good and bad things happening during our visit.  We were celebrating my cousin's bachelorette party with 10 of us total.  Not a crazy number of people, but I understand it is hard to seat us.  We made reservations a month before our visit for this reason.  Our reservations were at 7 pm, but we did not get seated until 7:30.  The people before us wouldn't leave.  I understand that this was not the restaurants fault but it was annoying non the less.We were seated at a beautiful table, but were crammed in the corner.  So much so that the waiter had to have us pass everything around because he couldn't get to everyone.  Again, not a deal breaker, but annoying.We sat there for what seemed like forever before we got any bread or water...all the while watching our waiter run around like a chicken with his head cut off serving a billion other people.  We had not even put in our drink order before he came back asking us for our meal order.  We were not even offered appetizers.  At this point it is probably 45 minutes to an hour after our original reservation time.The one thing my cousin (and half the table) wanted was their special chicken tortellini.  She had been raving about it since we made the reservations a month ago.  Much to our surprise they were completely out.  Seriously?!?!  For a place that claims everything is made to order...why couldn't they just make more?  Again, annoying because now we had to decide on different meals which meant the waiter would leave our table and disappear in to the abyss for another 10 - 15 minutes.Finally, we make our drink and food order all at the same time.  I ordered the mushroom ravioli with a spinach side salad.  They only brought out one of the two spinach salads we ordered so we all shared knowing full well if we tried to get another one out there, it wouldn't come before the entree.  During this time, the bachelorette's sister spoke to management about some of the annoyances we had experienced and asked if there was anything they could do to make this night memorable in a good way.  They delivered!  In a big way.  We received a bottle of champagne, the bride-to-be received a free drink and they brought our dessert for all.  They were amazing!My mushroom ravioli was so good, as were everyone else's meals, that is almost made up for all the little bothersome things that occurred.  The dessert definitely did though.
1	Thanksgiving, ruined !Dont' ever, EVER, think about going here for Thanksgiving!  First of all, the food was terrible. Over salted. Just awful.  Second they ran out of food, or perhaps do not know how to plan well.  Third, they ran TWO HOURS late for our confirmed reservation!Ridiculous- ran out of proscuitto for their own Maggiano's salad!  They obviously were running low on food by the time we were seated. (5:15 reservation, seated at 7:15!)For seven adults, they place two ice cream scoops of mashed potatoes on a small plate in the center of the table-for seven people!  Then the turkey platter looked like  a sad plate of leftovers-and had one little mound of stuffing- which was gone after it was passed to the second person. We kept thinking that was decoration, and they would bring some in a bowl (aka family style). Same for the ham platter, one little scoop of sweet potatoes for seven adults!  The pasta course however, was abundant --apparently the only thing they know how to cook.  They brought two big bowls of pasta for side dishes. Everything was horribly over salted!  The gravy -also they must have been running out of...was a tiny little coffee cup sized dish of milky white looking blah gravy??   I cannot repeat enough it was HORRIBLE.  Two ten year olds could pull together a better turkey dinner.   They have a lot of nerve charging $40 per person!
5	Wow the chicken parmesan is the best, its the best i ever tasted. for dessert i had the Newyork cheesecake, im a cheesecake lover so for sure they won my heart, Me and a bunch of my friends will be visiting again real soon, thanks Maggiano's
2	Great food, however this place doesn't build it's business off of customer service. If you have any special request forget about it. They don't have to worry about repeat customers in a location like this. Doesn't matter to them that you are spending a nice good amount of money to take your family out for a nice evening. We asked if we could sit on the patio... No, even tho plenty of tables. Can we sit by the window? (Vegas) if you want to wait 20-30 min... Again plenty of open tables. Guess what?? There's a lot of other great restaurants in Vegas!!
5	Very flavorful food and very reasonably priced for Italian!! Portions are big & you never leave feeling hungry. Highly recommend
5	My all time favorite Italian restaurant!  A must have is Rigatoni D.  A few other recommendations are four cheese ravioli, beef medallions and the spinach and artichoke dip.  Beautiful restaurant and very busy.  Make reservations on a weekend.
4	Have been to this restaurant multiple times. Made a 6pm reservation and was seated promptly when arrived. My friend and I had the calamari app, rustic chicken pasta and veal parm. Everything delcious. Even saved room fro teh tiremisu desert which is probabaly one of the best tiremisu's I ever eat. Assad our waited was on top of things the whole time. made sure we always had everything we wanted and very friendly. I will ask for him next time I go. Only reason didn;t give it 5 star is because the items are just a tad bit pricey i think. I have noticed the prices inch up little by little every tiem I visit. But since this is a Vegas strip location, they can do this I guess, since more tourists than locals go here.
3	Classy Atmosphere and easy to get in.  I love the Veal Parm; expensive, but worth it.  If you have a bunch of friends come in from out of town, take them here and then go hit the casinos afterwards.  I got really lucky at the Venetian after a meal at this restaurant.  It's good luck ;-)
1	The food is garbage; worse than Olive Garden yet similar to their variety.  Our waiter performed the functions of all the floor duties while the floor managers stood still, doing nothing; that made our entire dinner party very uncomfortable to see how much stress the waiting staff were under.  I would never recommend this establishment to any of my friends or family.  Is this representative of typical "Strip" food?
4	Restroom needed some touched up. On the way to restroom passing by bar area paper towel on the floor displayed look unsanitary. Plate for bread needed to be checked under for remains of food sticked in it. Presentation
5	Love Love Love this place atmosphere is amazing food is always great! Highly recommend to locals and tourist.
2	The food was good...maybe just a little salty, but I've come to expect that from large chains.  and our service was good.  But seated next to us was a group of four 20-something men, three of whom were wearing "wife-beater" tank tops.  It was really disgusting.  I don't expect suits and ties...and I guess these days in Las Vegas even a collared shirt is asking for too much.  But wife-beaters?!  It was gross.  I find it hard to believe that maggiano's doesn't have some minimum dress standards.  I'll probably go back again one of these days, but if I see that again, I'll leave.
4	Good Italian food, for decent prices! Spacious and attentive service.  Highly recommend trying the patio, it's shaded and if it's not too hot out, should be a nice experience!  Fried calamari, oven roasted pork loin, chicken parm and tiramisu are a must!
4	I ate here with my family and it was a great experience. The wait staff was very friendly and their reservation system is very efficient. I put in my reservation at 8:30 and they had us seated before 9 even though the place was packed. Their food is great too. We got calamari (easily the best I've ever had), stuffed sausages, and mussels as appetizers and 2 types of pasta as part of the group menu deal. Dessert was some tasty cookies.There was a friendly old man (not sure if he was staff or someone they hired to come in sometimes) singing to couples and people who had birthdays. At one point, the whole restaurant sang happy birthday to this guy with fake Elvis muttonchops. The atmosphere was very comfortable.I highly recommend this place and I will definitely eat here again!
3	Second time to this Maggiano's... The first time we sat on the patio and I swear a cockroach bit my leg. SOOOOOO GROSS. I don't think that's the restaurant's fault... The interior appears very clean. Came here for dinner the other night to meet up with a friend at 7pm but hadn't called to make a reservation. My boy and I got there a little early so we put our name down (wait was 30 mins, nbd) and took a seat at the bar. The bartender took a minute to get to us but was friendly and made an AWESOME drink for me. Moscato Mojito. Definitely try it!!Within 10 minutes, our buzzer went off for our table. I brought it over with my still nearly full drank-drank but had to wait like 10 more minutes at the stand to be seated. I get that it was much faster than the 30 minute prediction... But don't tell me my table is ready then make me wait again while with a drink in hand. Whatev. We were seated, our server said he'd be right with us. Our server came back and took our drink order. We ordered 3 of those moscato mojitos (one extra for our late friend lol). I'm telling you! Try it!!! Our friend showed up shortly after and we got our drank-dranks. Server asked if we'd decided on our meals yet... Our friend just sat down.... Give us like 2 more minutes? Ok cool! He came back like 15 minutes later. With bread and oil. We ordered and asked for vinegar to go with the oil. He never brought it....Meanwhile the table next to us had sat down 5 minutes after us and was being served their food. Again, I get that we were taking our time and our friend was late, WHATEV. But their server was ON IT. I was able to get his attention and asked for vinegar. It took him 12 seconds. I was so jealous of the table next to us. Food finally came like 30 minutes later and I was a little disappointed with the size of the salad that my boy and I agreed to share because it was "enough for two"... Maybe enough for two kids. My ravioli and side of broccolini were really good tho. Our server came back 10 minutes later to ask if we needed anything. I was gonna get a dessert but after waiting forever for our meal and having never gotten vinegar from him, I decided to pass fearing it would take too long. Just the check thanks! Ugh. That was another 10 minute ordeal. I don't recall him thanking us or looking forward to our next visit but that may have been said...Overall, 3 stars only cuz our service was slow and spotty. Memorable I suppose but not for the right reasons. Food was good. Nothing to write home about but satisfying. Dranks were BOMB. I'll go back just for that Moscato Mojito! Better luck next time though, Maggiano's.
4	First time here last night and had a great experience! Our server did a fantastic job in my opinion she was very attentive and personable.  She wasn't overly formal which is a weird pet peeve of mine. Our waters were always full, drinks refilled and table clean.  Onto the food. We started with the zucchini appetizer which was all kinds of amazing! They were lightly dusted with parmesan cheese and served with a lemon aioli of some sort. Very delicious. My boyfriend thought they had a little too much batter, but I thought they were perfect. We asked for a side of marinara or meat sauce with the app and our server gladly brought us a little of both. They too were very good! Very different from each other which I thought was nice.I ordered the Chicken Francese, I think that's how it's spelled, with angel hair pasta instead of the potatoes. It was a lemon chicken with a parmesan crust and what I would describe as a light creamy mushroom sauce. Idk but it was good! Not too lemony or heavy on the sauce and the perfect portion. I saved one chicken breast to take home because I wanted some later.My boyfriend ordered the rigatoni d which he was really disappointed with.  It had an odd sweet flavor to it. We took most of it home with us and never touched it after that. Overall it was a good experience! I definitely will be back to try something new!
5	we recently went here for lunch.The food was awesome and delicious.Our waiter was courteous and extremely efficient. Portions and drinks were huge.Highly recommend.
2	Service is horrible. Slow. No fountain drinks. Lagsania was horrible. Tasted like a TV dinner.  Very disappointed from the brand standard.
3	I honestly feel that this place was overrated. I always get people that tell me that this place was awesome which I don't agree. Its also overpriced for what they give you a dinner for two here is a hundred bucks. I feel like I can get more for my money somewhere else sorry to be blunt but I eat out alot so if Im going to spend that kind of money I should feel satisfied right?
4	It's safe to say, I'm a Maggiano's regular. & I think the Vegas location is probably the best one- overlooking the Strip, yet safely located in the Fashion Show mall & not quite 'on the Strip'. Fun for people watching during the day (love sitting outside, if not too cold, hot or windy!) then transforms at nite when the 2 windowed walls facing the Strip allow you to dine alongside the buzz & beauty of the Vegas lights. While ambiance is a factor in why I like Maggiano's, consistency is the reason I go back time & time again. I don't believe I've ever had a bad meal or experience there (other than occasionally being sardined on busier nites). Unbeknownst to me, at some point, Maggiano's even changed ownership; I couldn't tell, because unlike other cases when there's an ownership change, nothing about the quality changed. I'm part of their email list so I get emails with coupons every couple months. A few no-fails on the menu: tomato caprese, stuffed mushrooms, rigatoni d (though not great for leftovers, because of the cream sauce), mom's lasagna (had it for the 1st time last nite & it's one of the best, not too mushy), eggplant parm (generous portion), the best chicken parm I've ever graced my mouth with & linguine di mare (substantial seafood). For dessert, if you're still feeling gluttonous, go for the apple crostada... otherwise, we generally get the kids scoop of vanilla bean icecream with hot fudge. Also, keep Maggiano's in mind for Thanksgiving & Christmas dining, if you're in town visiting or if you just don't feel like cooking- they do a wonderful job with the menus & you'll surely have leftovers, for a reasonable price. It's easy to mosey in & be seated right away for lunch but I recommend reservations for any time after 4:00.
5	Tried the Saltimbicca chicken and it was like nothing I have ever tasted. The dish was full of flavor (sage and other herbs) tender (perhaps pounded?) in a perfect mix of sauce. Wow! I normally go with the tenderloin medallions but glad that I ventured from the beef route. Oh, and the bread--addictive, so delicious.
4	The food is really good I had the rigatoni D and Chicken picatta it was DELICIOUS. The reason for the 3 stars was the service the waiter was trying really hard but they were super busy it was just to much for him or anyone. But worth a try just make sure to have a reservation upon check in oh and the view is amazing
4	Good Italian food. A tip they need to fix that elevator from parking garage takes forever (a good 5 min) to come down and when its 100+ degrees outside and everyone is dressed nicely (dresses & suits) and starting to sweat profusely ummm it is not cute!
3	Not a bad chain restaurant with a bit of a hometown feel.  Portions are generous, prices reasonable, and service is friendly, makes this an acceptable place to go in the northern/central part of the Strip (Fashion Show Mall).Ordered the Linguine di Mare (seafood), it's a decent dish with mussels, shrimp, bits of lobster with pasta in a tomato based sauce.  It's a huge portion but what's up with the tons of mussels?  Extreme dis-portion of mussels, which is more than half of the seafood.  I like mussels so that's ok with me, others may not be so happy.  The noodles need to be cooked longer in the broth as the flavors are not completely absorbed.For desert, ordered the tiramisu, very light and creamy, with a strong coffee accent.  This would be a good choice.
5	We ate there during our last trip to Vegas. I loved their eggplant Parmesan. Nick our server was great. We ate outside on the patio. The service was great. The manager even stopped by to ask us how our food was. I loved their mist outside to cool us during the hot weather.They don't offer the take one home meal like all other Maggiano's. I could've used it.Nevertheless a great experienceHighly recommended.
4	Very good comfort food with all the regular Italian fare you're accustomed to. This isn't going to be anything out of the ordinary, but if you're looking for a good-solid place to take a group while you're visiting the Strip, this is it. Great views and patio seating is available.
5	Love this place. Service was great, we came and got seated right away, very attentive and helpful waitress/waiter. Like the atmosphere as well, as I can see the Palazzo/Venetian hotel. Ordered the shrimp and crab canneloni and it tastes amazing. I can savor every bit of crab and shrimp in it plus the cheese and special sauce that they use, so good. See you soon Little Maggiano thanks for the delicous dinner..
4	This restaurant was a surprise. Very classy with outdoor seating overlooking the strip. They had an option where you could get family style that feeds four. Bruschetta not quite up to our standards but stuffed mushroom were awesome. Salad was excellent. Chicken piccata very nice and eggplant parm was great!!!!  My son had the beef tips and ate them all. I had lobster carbonara. All you can eat plus desert. $$$
4	A coworker recommended this place and I am sure glad she did! After a long day of travel, this place really hit the spot. The patio was nice in the evening and not too loud with street traffic. The calamari was delicious, as we the mushroom tortellini and eggplant parm. The food was rich, delicious and flavourful as very well priced, especially on the strip. The sangria pitcher was a little disappointing though. It had a ton of ice and the server put a ton of ice in our glasses as well. it really diluted the flavour.
5	So impressed!! We were here for my husbands birthday dinner, and everything was amazing.We ordered filet mignon and the lobster carbanara. Our food came to our table HOT. (I hate when it comes to you warm or semi warm. I don't want it sitting in a window.We also tried the calamari. It was the best we have ever had.Our waiter Assad, was great. Our drinks always filled, and overall great service. JHe even brought my husband a small bday dessert. Portions are huge! Food is fresh, prices are good!We wiill be back!!
5	We enjoyed the meal greatly as a late afternoon dinner with my sweetheart.  I ordered the Make-A-Wish special (for 2) with Lump Crab Cakes as a yummy appetizer), Peppercorn coated Sirloin with twice baked potatoes, a Long Island Ice Tea (Happy Hour special for only $6) & Creme Brulee as dessert.  My sweetie ordered the crusted Tilapia as her entree with an apple dessert covered in a caramel sauce. They may be a chain restaurant,  but they are of excellent quality on every point!  Seidi (from Estonia) was our server and she is totally fabulous!  Everyone from the hostess that seated us, the gentleman that brought us water and prepped our booth to the wait staff was friendly, and seem genuinely interested that we had the best experience possible.
1	It was horrible. We haven't been on a date in a while and we thought this would be a good place to go. We were ignored the whole time. The waitress didn't refill our glasses the whole time until the end when she gave us the check. The wait was really long especially for a Monday evening just to get our food. The portions were small. The waitress didn't give us our bread when we asked or the vinegar. Overall really bad experience. Never going there again.
5	Maggiano's is a very nice restaurant. The service was excellent. The food was very appetizing. There's plenty to eat when you order a family style meal with a party of 4 or more. Will come back again. I recommend this place to everyone visiting the Las Vegas strip.
4	I visited this place a couple of years ago on the recommendation of my friend Missy.  she loves the Newport Location, so I was willing to try it out.  AMAZING!!!  I make it a point to east here when in vegas.  This might sound strange, but they have one of the BEST Crab Cake appetizers in the world.  I have ordered this as my main course and nibbled on my husbands food on a few occasions.  The portion size is HUGE.  We have done the Family Style meal and it was simply too much food.  We could not keep up!!!  All in all, the location is nice, the food is great and the location is convenient.
4	Maggiano's is a good place! The service is great. The food is appetizing. My boyfriend and I enjoy sitting in the outside area with the strip view.  We always have a few cocktails and share some good food.... and people watch! Great place to spend an afternoon!
5	We dined here last night with a party of 10.  Ordered the family style dinner and were very impressed.  Brandon took very good care of us the whole night.  We were never rushed and the food just keep coming.  The chopped salad was great along with the stuffed mushrooms.   Dinner was eggplant parmesan, salmon, chicken picata and sausage with gnocchi which all were excellent.  One of our diners had some dietary issues and they were VERY attentive to her.  Dessert was amazing my favorite being the apple pie.  Everyone in our party was very impressed!
1	Dined here for a special event.. Our party were approached be a highly rude and inappropriate blond middle aged woman who, stated that our entire party would have to wait in the heat for 30min for a table when there were numerous free tables with no reservations. Both woman (hosts) were extremely rude and unaccommodating which baffled our party as this has been the worst service and experience we have encountered since arriving in the USA. Do not waste your time or money on such rude people as this has left a sour taste in our mouths.
4	Maggianos is a family atmosphere restaurant, with a good location, great food and excellent service.If you're looking for that restaurant where you want to fell comfortable with the whole family this is it, I come here every time I'm visiting Vegas with my four years old daughter (of course she knows how to behave in a restaurant). The location is perfect, specially if you're planning to do some shopping since is located right there at the fashion show mall and if you're  lucky you might get a table with a nice view of the Wynn and Encore casinos across the strip.The food is great,  some of my favorites entrees are the Lobster Carbonara, the Rigatoni D and the Chicken Manicotti, all good and  the portion of food is more than enough.The excellent service is based on my last visit. I made a 7:15pm reservation but we arrived about 20 minutes earlier (Vegas traffic unpredictable). I asked them if we could be  seated and in less than five minutes we were already enjoying ourselves. Nestor was the name of the waiter, he was there when needed with suggestions of appetizers, wine and desserts. Simply GREAT SERVICE!!
1	Attempted to book Maggiano's for a wedding rehearsal dinner. Dealt very briefly with the booking coordinator named Lori who was so unprofessional that I would not have booked this venue even if it was the LAST restaurant in Las Vegas. I am a local business owner and I am shocked at how a restaurant like Maggiano's handles their guests.  Extremely disappointed since I have used Maggiano's in the past for graduations, etc.
5	We love Maggianos Little Italy.  We used to go to the one at South Coast Plaza it is awesome! But now that we have moved we are closer to Las Vegas Maggianos is at Fashion Mall across from Wynn.  They do a great job even being crowded! Food and service are great! You can park right under the mall and there is an elevator to take  you to italian heaven!
5	I cannot rave about this place enough. I only ever get to a Maggiano's on vacations. This time did not disappoint. We went with a party of 6 and had the family style experience. Chopped salad, crab cakes, and gnocchi with sausage to name a few dishes. Everything was perfect. Wait staff was pleasant. A violinist came to our table and even took some unusual requests. Great experience. A must try!
4	I have always been a fan of Maggiano's. I first went to one of their establishments over 10 years ago in Chicago and have gone to that one probably ten times since. When they opened one in Las Vegas I was happy to go there as well and have frequented it many times since then. Maggiano's is one of those rare restaurants that overfeeds you meaning they serve huge servings which is very hard to usually finish unless you're super hungry. On our most recent visit we got Spaghetti and Meatballs, Shrimp Scampi, Chicken Piccata, sauteed spinach, and mashed potatoes. As usual my family had a hard time devouring all the food. My niece was overwhelmed by the huge serving of shrip scampi as was my son with the spaghetti. I was just able to finish off my dish of chicken piccata. Needless to say that we are fans of Maggiano's and it is always on our list of restaurants to visit when in Vegas.
4	Based on a recommendation from some good friends my wife and I gave this place a try a few years back, and every year we make sure this restaurant is a part of our annual Vegas trips. The service is always stellar and friendly. The prices are decent as well.  The portions are perfect for sharing and you just can't help but savour the wide range of flavour each dish presents itself. There is both a subtly and boldness with each pasta dish. We leave full and content but not bloated and overstuffed like you can at some pasta places. In some ways this is a nice escape from the Fashion Show mall, the views from the restaurant are wonderful, as you sit across the Wynn and the places offers a bit of calm from the strip itself. I have had a few dishes here over the years and so far each one has been wonderful. Try something yourself as I am confidant that you will experience the flavours and enjoy the atmosphere as much as we do each year.
4	Pretty solid place.  Everything from the service to the lobster carbonara were very satisfactory and thoroughly filling.  I would definitely be back and recommend the place to others.  The portion I took to-go for the next day held up as well.  Good stuff!
5	We have visited this Maggiano's many times over the year and still enjoy dining here during our trips to Vegas. Food is always spot on and delicious. Portions are great and reasonable prices. We always get mozzarella Mariana (amazing), split a chicken Parmesan (awesome) and finish with an apple crostata (best chain restaurant dessert I have ever found). Maggiano's is a nice break from the super expensive hotel restaurants found on the strip. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good Italian meal.
4	The food was amazing! We had the spaghetti and meatball and could not be happier! The only reason I won't give 5 stars is that our waiter was horrible. We sat for a good 15 minutes without him refilling any drinks or taking our order. But we requested another waitress and Sarah was amazing! She more than made up for the lack of service. If everyone was like her it would be a 5 star for sure!
5	When it comes to italian this place is my favorite in Vegas ! Great place to take a date or your whole family, please be smart and make reservations because with quality food like this there will be many people there. Lets talk about some of my favorite things to order.Right from the start the warm bread basket is fantastic please enjoy the top notch virgin olive oil and the best balsamic vinegar i have ever had! Some of my favorite appetizer are bruschetta, a simple but very tasty plate, the chopped salad or any of their salads are great and large enough to share and though i personally am not a fan of calamari my grandma and fathers side of the family who are 100% Sicilian i may add rave about it and order it every time we go! As for main course you can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes which i can almost guarantee you will have some left over to take home! My favorite, though it is another simple classic dish, is the spaghetti and meatballs i absolutely love it! The chicken parm is fantastic as well! In all honesty their are more great dishes here than i can name in this review!Now for desert, if you were able to save room go for it or you can be like me and get a piece of tripple layer chocolate cake to go, it is extremely rich and very well made the cheesecake is very good as well! I strongly reccomend this restaurant and as i said in the beggining it is one of the better places to take a date especially if you want to impress, once again please make reservations for less wait time but if there is a little wait they have a great little bar area you can grab a few cocktails relax and socialize! Also as i said dont limit this place to only dates its great for the whole family with large portions attentive wait staff and a lot of class ! 5 stars and truley a gem! Enjoy :)
4	Darn good Italian Food! Probably some of the best Italian food I've had since I left NY...Other than waiting an hour to be served, and a long hike to get there, worth the wait and exercise. Staff was good and fast (especially the english talking waitress)...Music was Frank Sinatra like, and there was even a guy walking around asking to sing personalized music...Looks like I'll be having my wedding reception here...Let's see...Forgot to mention, I was even watching the Orioles play, and talking to my wife to be as well...She actually thought I was listening to her...What a bonus!
4	Very delicious Italian food. Great views of the strip. Get a table by the window! Could do without the random serenade guy walking to every table to get tips for singing to you, but it is a unique touch. Very enjoyable experience in all.
3	I've actually been to Maggiano's a few times and when I did it was amazing!  The food, the atmosphere, the service was phenomenal!  However, this review will be on my recent visit, just a couple days ago.Me and my boyfriend decided to go for lunch here to celebrate on him getting a potential new job.  In the beginning, everything was fine.  We ordered our appetizers and... that was it?  He didn't ask if we'd like an entree after taking down our appetizers.  So, we waited for our server to come back and ask if we'd like to order an entree.  After he gave us our appetizer and even finished it, all we saw  him do was helping every other customers but us.  Did he have something against us because we "look" 16 years old and can't afford an entree???  After about 20-30 minutes of waiting, we asked another server to ask him if he can take down our entree we've been waiting for.  He comes over and he goes, "Okay go ahead."  He didn't apologize for making us wait.  REALLY??  Wow.  I'm appalled by his performance.  And after we got our entree, he only came over to us twice, third time being check, and we never saw him again.The saving grace to our experience was the food.  Our appetizers were the Zucchini Fritte and Stuffed Mushrooms.  I loved how crunchy the zucchini was and the soupy base for the mushroom was great!  Our entrees were the Rigatoni D and Chicken Parmesan.  He enjoyed his parmesan very much and the rigatoni was very fulfilling and the cream sauce complimented the whole dish so well!  The little mushrooms in it was too cute to eat!We're always going to come back here.  Just not have that older server again.
3	I am giving this restaurant 3 stars because I was in a larger party (under 10 ppl)  but the forgot one of the orders. They did comp that meal but if you're hungry and ready for dinner it sucks to have to wait. My meal came out on time and it was delicious I had the Chicken Francese. I loved it! Pretty filling and not too heavy which I appreciated since I was going to go out later that evening. I love pasta but let's face it, it's heavy.I would definitely visit this location again, good servers and good food. Remember if the party is too large, they make you dine family style.
3	Just another chain restaurant Caesar salad and the food server at the table dropped the balsamic oil which splattered on my new shoes!
3	It was ok Italian food, but I've had better. The pasta was uninspiring. The family style dinner is a really good bargain, highly recommended for a group.
5	I found this place on yelp 2 years ago and every time I intend on coming it never happens...today I made sure it was the first thing we did...HerShrimp scampi for her with vodka cream sauceAngel hair pasta . with a tomato soup.Peach ice teaHer remarks were....this is the best vodka shrimp pasta I ever had. (She's had it in a lot places) lol.MeChicken Marsala with angel hair with chunky spicy tomato sauce.Stella Artois My thoughtsThis was def killed olive gardens version of it lol.Everything was great.Also dessert sampler was also epic. Nicole was very nice and had a lot of menu knowledge... Thank !4 stars !!!
4	My first time here at Maggianos and I have to say the service is great. I had the mom's lasagna and  enjoyed every bite, also the portion size is big enough to feed two.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. We were able to get a seat quickly. Bread service was my favorite part. Balsamic vinegar in Olive oil to dip the bread. Yummy!!!  I had the fettuccine Alfredo while my husband had chicken Parmesan. Huge portions that we had wrapped up for later. Our daughter inhaled her ravioli. Included in her kid's meal was ice cream. Instead of shouting out about the ice cream in front of our daughter our fabulous server asked my husband discreetly if it was ok for her to have it. Loved that!!!!!! Price was decent. Food was terrific. Service was fabulous. Definitely recommend.
5	We went to Maggiano's to have dinner after a wedding. The room had been reserved in a beautiful private wine room. The food was delicious. The service by Bob and Jeremy was outstanding. They even brought in a iPod with music so the bride and groom could have a first dance. I highly recommend this place. I am from San Diego and I can't wait to go back again.
4	You have to try the Maggiano salad. This had to be the most delicious salad I have had in a long time, and I am not a salad person. The peach Bellini is delicious. The homemade bread was excellent. I got the bow-tie aglio chicken special which was good but a cream sauce really would have made the dish better. The orecchiette and scallops are excellent!
5	We held our wedding ceremony and reception for 90 people in the banquet rooms at the restaurant.  The experience was virtually seamless and beyond our expectations.  The response time and efficiency of the process was impressive.  Our questions and concerns were addressed at every turn.  We chose the restaurant based on pictures and the menu we found on line. My husband decided to take an earlier trip to "taste test the food and see the space"... as well as golf.  He came back raving about the food and assured me that I would love the venue.  The first time I stepped foot into Maggiano's was on the way to the alter and I can say, it blew me away.  The atmosphere is so beautiful and romantic.  The food and service was absolutely amazing. The menu options are by far the best value money can buy in Vegas.  You definitely will not go away hungry.  We still get compliments from my guests and we can guarantee they will all be eating at Maggiano's on their next visit to Vegas!If you are considering Maggiano's Little Italy as your venue of choice, you won't go wrong!  We do, without hesitation, recommend to everyone we talk to, to have a meal at Maggiano's.  It is perfect for parties of all sizes and you will definitely impress your guests.Thank you, thank you, thank you! For everything!Sheri & Bill
2	This place has an absolutely horrible policy with high chairs and boosters... They  are kid unfriendly...the food is ok and prices are ok. The service is also slow... I will not come here again!!!
3	I used to like Maggiano and think it was one of my favorite Italian chain place. However, I have not been back to this place for at least 3 years because there are so many Italian restaurants in town. I came back last night for my friends bday and found out they've changed their menu quite a bit. I guess my palate has changed as well and became more picky. I wasn't completely satisfied. I was surprised that they don't have any pesto sauce on any dish. They also took always the half/ full size. They only have one size for their entrees  now where it's more for individuals rather than sharing. I guess that makes more sense for the restaurants on the profit sides.After I sat down, it took the server 10 minutes to bring me some water and then another 5 or 10 minutes to take my drink order. Even though I was the only one who arrived in our table, I was bit annoyed by it. The server was friendly though. I wasn't sure if they were under staffed or he's just keep forgetting about me. I was not impressed by any of the pasta we tried. We tried fettuccine Alfredo, gnocchi and Italian sausage, and shrimp scampi. Alfredo sauce was not creamy enough. I like the vodka cream sauce in gnocchi but gnocchi was overcooked. I don't think I will return anytime soon.
4	Rigatoni D never disappoints! As well as the flat breads,  can't beat the happy hour!
5	Came with a big group of 20 and enjoyed lunch very much. Everyone liked it. They put bread on the table with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The bread was very good...crispy outside and soft center. I ordered the Lobster Carbonara. The pasta was cooked al dente, as it should be.  The sauce was creamy and tasty. It has pea pods instead of single peas, which I liked better anyway. There was plenty of big chunks of lobster throughout, and only a few pieces were the opposite salty, bitter side of the claw.  Too many restaraunt slip those pieces in instead of the sweet delicious side of the claw. Not this place....plenty of real sweet lobster. Yum!A little pricey, but the portions are huge, atmosphere elegant, and wait staff superb. So worth it!
5	The service was excellent and as always the food is very good.  The server always refilled the glasses and the good came out quick.  At the end of the meal grab a few of the mints.  They are awesome!
5	First of all, the mints were delicious! They sat us where we wanted to sit in a very short amount of time. The food was tasty and the service was great! The drinks were refilled in a timely manner and so was the bread. We had a great view of the strip! :) Again, I grabbed a handful of mints on my way out. Lol
4	Took wifey and little one out on a lunch one afternoon after strolling in the mall. I finally decided to check this place out for what it really is.I ordered the lobster carbonara while wifey got the steak with mushroom for lunch. As for her dish, she said she loved it! The mushroom gravy was very rich and being the fact that she loves mushroom it was all worthit from her aside from me who is not a mushroom eater. LOL! As for my lobster meal it was an excellent dish, little one and I shared it and the portion is huge for a lunch meal so two person can share it if theyre not that hungry.5 stars for the food and minus 1 for the service it was very slow. I needed refill but the waiter never seem to care and just kept passing us by.
4	I loved everything about my visit minus the waitress. Although she wasn't horrible. I ordered the famous Rigatoni D which was Delishhh! I will definitely be coming back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	So first off, I enjoyed their outside seating area they were very quick to sit us down on a Saturday night. Were quick to get our drink order and it quicker with our food, the calamari for appetizer was glorious. I had the lobster carbonara and I absolutely loved it, keep in mind there actually big portions so I wasn't able to finish it. Got a to go box for sure, you don't let good things like that go to waste. My friend got the ravioli,  he was pleased with but seemed like a smaller portion it had like six or seven or so raviolis seem to fill him up though. Bread they brought out with the balsamic  was amazing I now want to go to the store and do that for myself. I very much enjoyed this last night and intend on going back, today I went to Hooters for lunch and even though I'm stuffed from it I have the lobster carbonara in my fridge I refuse to go bad so that's what I'm eating now, i'm a fat ass.
4	Love their lighter fare option! While yes, Maggianos is known for their large portions and ahem, rich (calorie laden) flavors, this was a nice surprise. I had the chicken piccata and thoroughly enjoyed it! I didn't think any of the flavor was lost, but yes, the portion was a bit smaller than what I'm used to there. However, it was still filling.Hubby had the linguini de mare, which was really good (not lighter fare). We started with the Maggiano salad (him) and Italian salad (me) and both really enjoyed our respective orders.We shared the toasted pound cake with caramelized bananas for dessert and it was deeeelish! Our server was Seidi and I highly recommend asking for her section. We eat out quite often and the service we experienced from her was the best we've had in a while!
5	AWSOME, AWSOME, AWSOME. Everything we had was wonderful. One of my favorite dishes is cannelloni, and they have now set the bar. Please do yourself a favor and try this place out. Don't forget the tiramasu to finish it all up. We will return the next time in Vegas.
5	The service was phenomenal.  Our waiter was perfectly pleasant, witty, and attentive.  The food was incredibly delicious, and the pricing was very reasonable.  Be prepared for a considerable wait without reservations, but I would highly recommend for anyone visiting the Las Vegas strip.
3	Honestly the food is 4 stars, the service was fast & friendly but I knocked it down to 3 stars because of the atmosphere. We went in planning on having a romantic dinner for our anniversary and instead it's like we walked into a big family dinner party. And it maybe fun for some I found it a bit overwhelming. Soon as we walked in we had to walk through the dining room maze and to the middle of the crowded restaurant which is expected at 630pm Saturday night. But it was the layout that just crams everyone together. Unless you're in a booth it's pretty much like you're eating with the other tables next to you. It was so loud that I had to shout over to have a conversation with my hubby. It wasn't loud music it was just having so many people in one room talking, even the guy who serenaded us with a guitar I could barely hear and he was right in front of me.   As for the food, awesome! I got the lobster carbonara and it was delish. Lots of lobster, cream sauce was tasty and huge portion, only complaint is a little too much Parmesan cheese that it kinda hides the flavor of the sweet lobster. Hubby had chicken Alfredo and loved it but couldn't finish it (rarely happens). Got the sampler for dessert and it's must if you can't decide on one thing.   Overall not a bad place for good Italian food with family & friends but definitely don't recommend for romantic dates.
4	Great place to eat! The only thing that keeps this a four star review is that our waiter is never around. We were seated at the patio (nice outdoor area overlooking the entrance of the mall) and after putting down our menus he didn't return. Eventually one of the hostess took our order for us. Our food eventually came but we were not given any utensils, and our water was not refilled throughout our meal. That aside, the food is very delicious and reasonably priced. I love their pasta and they have cheap pasta options or nicer seafood pasta options. I'm a big fan of cheese so the I love the meal here. Arguably better than the buffet options on the strip which costs too much!
3	Good solid Italian food.  We had eaten here once before, again with some of our kids.The food was very good.  As described in the menu, except the dressing on the salad was extremely salty; we all agreed that if we ordered that salad again, no dressing (or on the side).  The prawns in their signature red sauce were generous in portion size, and excellent.  The calamari fritti (sp?) were also very good.  The wine list, while not huge, had some very good values.Service was a bit uneven, though always friendly and apologetic with regard to forgotten items.  Would eat here again, but order a bit different.
1	This was my first time coming here, we were coming here for one of my close friends birthday. It was a party of 20 of us, good food and decent service. For it being my first time I had the WORST experience. To be coming to a nice restaurant you'd expect great service. We asked our server Carolyn if she can split our check. Working at a restaurant myself,knowing she can split the bill, she told us it would be easier to pay on one bill. We all thought gratuity was included since it was a party of 20. When she gets all our checks she asks us if anything was wrong or if she did anything wrong. We were all confused and she said to us "well I see a bunch of zeros on the checks, that means I don't deserve a tip" that was unnecessary and unprofessional on her part. And the ones that had paid on card we're going to tip her cash.We would of all gladly tipped but after she didn't deserves it. She embarrassed us all and the birthday girl. I wish she would of got the manager like she said she was going to. So if you get a server named Carolyn make sure to tip her so she won't go off on your table.
5	Took my girlfriend here last night for her birthday and had the greatest service by the waitress! Very attentive and sweet! The food was delicious, the drinks were on point and the birthday dessert was incredible! One of the few restaurants on the strip that I would rave about :)!!
5	The food was so good and authentic. One of the best Italian food I eatenHighly recommended.
5	Everything was Better than I expected!!  JEREMY and BOB made our small wedding reception so special!!  My husband and I could not have asked for more.  The arrangements and the Barolo Room were PERFECT for our family and friends!! We were all impressed by the wonderful food and atmosphere!!  We would do it all over again and again!!  We will definitely be back for many anniversaries!!  Thanks to Everyone!!
4	So many good things to say about maggianos food. One of my favorites is the  chicken Alfredo it's so tasty. I have tried a number of different dishes and this will stay number one. The chicken francese and potatoes are also good. The customer service was on point, the maitre'd Loray had is seated quick, our server was awesome aswell.
4	The customer service was excellent. We were sat and the waiter was very friendly. The bread was soft and delicious. I ordered the four cheese ravioli...and the flavor was a bit bland but I added some more seasoning to get it where I wanted. Not sure if I'll be back but if I need a Italian spot, I don't mind coming here.
4	We made our reservation on Open Table and walked over from the Trump.  We were seated right away.  The service was very good.  While we were walking to our seats we noticed the portions were very generous.  My wife and I split a salad an a meal and it was more than enough.  Some might think it was cheesy but, my wife and I thought the strollling guitar player was a nice Vegas touch.
5	Let me start by saying we sat at the bar because the restaurant was very busy and ere glad we did ... Outstanding service! To the food I had chicken & shrimp al forno it was outstanding my hubby had the lobster carbonara nothing left on his plate and he also finished mine ,no room for dessert but the people next to us had cheese cake and look delicious.
5	Great Italian food, Great service, what more do you need? Ordered the family "classic" style to share between four of us. There was wayyy too much good food to share! I was stuffed before the desserts even came out! Not sure if you are allowed to bring food home or not considering the family style menu you can keep asking for more as much as you want, but our waiter was nice enough to let us take the desserts home. This place can be on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for: great food and great service! Highly recommend!
3	the staff and service where decent what really really lacked was the food it's selfmaybe growing next to little italy in nyc has me spoiled because that food is cooked by real Italians
3	Not the best place to go if you're trying to eat healthy haha BUT when it's a friends birthday and u kind of have to go the restaurant does offer "lighter fare" options and glutten free options. My gripe was not being provided with correct nutritional information, I feel like I annoyed the guy when I asked. And my food was good just tasted kind of salty. Ehhh. I'll try it again tho someday.
1	This is a review for the service.I was there with a large party this past weekend. One of the members had specific eating needs, and a reservation was made well ahead of time so that the party could be split into 3 tables of 8 each in order to not do the family style eating. Again, the restaurant had agreed to this specific arrangement a number of months ahead of time.Once we arrived, the restaurant did not honor this original agreement. We were told that it would have to be family style eating. A number of us had no desire to eat that much food, and were unhappy about being charged a mandatory price for food we weren't going to eat anyway. ESPECIALLY as the restaurant had agreed to allow us to order individually.  They kept reiterating that is was for our "benefit" as we would get food at different times unless it was family style. We kept repeating that this was not an issue for us--we just wanted to be able to order individually. So we sat there for an hour, as one person after another discussed it with the servers.  One of our group finally was "allowed" to speak with someone in authority, at which point they relented and allowed us to order individually. An hour. It took an hour before they would agree to follow through with the original promise.Overall, it was a lousy customer service experience. The restaurant tried to back down on their agreement, and then tried to out wait us. Just terrible.
4	Last night was me and my boyfriends last night in vegas.. We asked our server Corinna  what was her favorites  and she told us the beef madalions and lobster pasta (cant remember the name) omg died and went to hevan after the frisf bight..beef was soo tender didnt need a knife and pasta was so cheesy  and delish. Plus you get warm rolls with butter and vinegar  and oil. Sk as the dinner came to an end we had left overs so she boxed them up for us and put in free lemon cookies. All around best service  thank you Corinna
4	One of the best locations on the Strip. If you go for dinner ask to sit in the main dining room (floor to ceiling windows facing Encore & the Wynn.). For lunch, I prefer the bar, especially if there is a game on.  Today, a couple of glasses of Pinot and the soup & 1/2 sand... Chicken meatball, killer.  Do it!  Maggiano's LAS rocks. Park underneath at Fashion Show.
1	I really cannot give this place any stars except for one and that was because the server went above and beyond. The food was horrible. The calamari was left under the heat lamp and was chewy. Why so much iceberg in my salad. We had chicken marsala, and the chicken was so over cooked that I couldn't chew it. We had a fish course and although the fish was cooked perfectly,  it was luke warm. All in all, the experience was not what I would have expected. Next time I choose to drive that far for Italian, I'll pay a little more and go somewhere else.
5	After reading reviews, we decided to book my sister's wedding cocktail reception at Maggiano's in Vegas. It was one of the best decisions we made!!Working with Beth, Assistant Banquet Sales Manager was awesome. We emailed back and forth prior to our October 13th reception. She was easy to get a hold of and very helpful. We had 25 people attend the reception. They put us in the DiCarlo private room. We decided to go with the 2 hour reception, all you can drink/ appetizer food menu. You can't beat the price!! Beth asked how would we like the room sit up. I told her that majority of the people will be standing around socializing but I wanted the options for guests to sit! We had 3 high tables and 2 low tables for people to sit. Worked out perfect!!We arrived a little early. So we made our way to the bar, which was large! When the married couple arrived, they felt special that their name was on the board when they came in. When you walk into Maggiano's it is very elegant. The 2 severs for our party, I forgot their names but they were excellent!!! The drinks were flowing and the food was coming out!! Our guests are drinkers and probably were very needy... I never felt the servers were annoyed! They were in a good mood and accommodated us!! They were very nice too!!The food was amazing, no one complained!! THANK YOU CHEFS!!Maggiano's allowed us to have a dock station to play our own music! Since no one was in the other private room we were able to go on the balcony to make toast and and take pictures! The balcony is awesome! I actually wish the party was out there!The manager stopped by at the end of the night to see how everything went! We couldn't have thanked him more for an unforgettable wedding reception! Our friends and family are still talking about how they enjoyed the wedding reception!I especially recommend Maggiano's in Vegas for a wedding reception! I can't wait to come back and get dinner here! !
4	Our server was absolutely incredible! He was very attentive to our needs and kept an amazing conversation with us. The food was delicious as well. I had the ravioli  and my husband had the chicken Marsala! We will definitely be returning!  I love their bread too!!!
5	The mussels in the spicy tomato sauce was superb as well as the shrimp scampi the desert sampler was five ok the best I have had. Our waiter  Brandon was wonderful helped with suggestions. Recommend this place highly
2	The atmosphere in this place is quite nice, very low lighting. It seems great for big family events, with a number of big private rooms. It's great because you have a perfect view of the lights and hustle of the Las Vegas Strip. I ordered to go but had a glass of wine while I waited for my food to finish. The servers seemed really nice for the most part, although I didn't get the full service since I was ordering to go. I ordered the shrimp fra diavolo (lighter version) with a side casear salad. The food was packed very nicely and thoroughly saran wrapped to keep from spilling. The salad was OK. Nothing too extravagant. The pasta was a nice portion, perfect to get full off of and then have leftovers for another meal. Also, they were very generous with the shrimp. Sadly, some of the shrimp tasted a little undercooked. I wasn't sure but the next morning when I was sick it was confirmed! Definitely may think twice before ordering seafood here!
5	Had such a great first experience at Maggiano's!! Our server Nicole was amazing. We wanted to eat somewhere before our show at the Wynn. We knew that it was our own fault for running a little behind, but when Nicole found out that we were on a time limit, she made sure that they had everything out for us in a timely manner without us having to ask her. We were not expecting that at all. She gave us suggestions on what to order and what not to order since certain items take longer to make. She kept checking up on us and our waters were always filled. Portions are big (family style is an option as well) so we ended up ordering an appetizer, one pasta dish, and then dessert. Soooo good! We will be back
5	Very delicious food.   I ordered the Caesar salad and chicken franchese.  Wife ordered the house salad and chicken Alfredo light style.   Both dishes were cooked perfectly and was tasty.  The complimentary bread was also fresh and good.
5	This place was absolutely amazing! Out waiters name was Dave. He treated us so well. Answered all of our questions and gave us amazing recommendations. We ate the stuffed shells, spaghetti and meatballs, and lasagna and it was spectacular! The food came out so fast, and we were starving. I will definitely be back to this place very soon!!
4	My friends & I had a very pleasant dining experience here when they rented out one of the private rooms at Maggiano's as the lunch reception for their 10-year wedding vow renewal. We had 3 tables that seated about 10-12 people. There was plenty of room for a display table as well. And there was also an adjacent balcony with a view of the strip & Encore. They had a specially tailored menu with their names on it as well as at the door upon entering the room (we had to correct them on the spelling when we arrived & they corrected it before the families arrived). Overall the service and the experience was a positive one. I think it's safe to say the guests & celebrants enjoyed their time at Maggiano's. I'd advise you to valet outside because the elevator by valet takes you right up to restaurant. My friend that lives in town gave me that nugget of information. So convenient...Now on to the menu: First course was stuffed mushrooms, calamari & italian salad. The stuffed mushrooms were good. They were big mushrooms and it was stuffed with spinach and bread crumbs. They were served in a white wine sauce. You cant go wrong with calamari and their version didn't disappoint. Fresh tasting pieces of breaded squid accompanied with marinara sauce for dipping. Just squeeze some lemon over the calamari and you're golden. The italian salad was surprisingly delicious. Salad had arugula, lettuce, pepperoncinis & croutons in italian dressing. Good appetizers. I enjoyed every single one of them. Second course consisted of meat lasagna, rustic chicken & shrimp and chicken marsala. I loved the meat lasagna. But really, what's not to love? It's lasagna! And it was classically delicious. They don't call it "Mom's meat lasagna with meat sauce" for nothing. Crumbled meatballs & sausage with ricotta cheese. Boom! I didnt have the rustic chicken & shrimp but my friend's seemed to like it. The chicken marsala was so very good. White meat chicken that was so moist and tasty. It was the perfect chicken dish. I loved it the most... And that's saying a lot given that lasagna was on the menu. Order it. Trust me.For dessert, we had 2 offerings. Chocolate zucotto cake & Nonna's toasted pound cake. All I had was the toasted pound cake & that's all I needed. It was so damn good. Crispy edges on the pound cake topped with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, slivers of chocolate and served along side caramelized bananas. Game over. I dont have to tell you how good it was. You already know. You're welcome...
4	We had an awesome dinner here! They seated us right in the window on the strip. Great view!! Fabulous service!The food is really good, classic italian. The best in the city? No, but a great place to go, especially if you have friends visiting and staying on the strip and want to meet up with them. They make it really easy, valet right in front of the elevator!Make a reservation, it gets really busy!And ask your waitperson for food guidance. They know which way to direct you through the big menu!
4	We came here to celebrate our daughters 21 birthday. This was a big deal for us and we had the entire family in tow.  Had a reservation for 11 at 7:30 PM. Called in the afternoon to see if we could move up to 7 which they were able to accommodate. Got there and the atmosphere is great. Just a couple minutes and they seated us. Food was family style and amazing. I can't even remember all the courses but there was sublime mozzarella cheese, artichoke dip and bread for appetizers, sirloin, chicken, lasagna and Alfredo and amazing dessert apple frittata was crazy. The waitress was fantastic, completely attentive and helpful in her suggestions. One down was table was in close to other patrons, bumping chairs issue. Probably because we moved up our reservation. One person at the table next to us was total rude jerk (I paraphrase for this review) toward my daughter which came close to ruining the evening, but that wasn't totally restaurants fault. Managers stepped in and gave us a private room to be sure the rest of our night was perfect. This place is top notch, don't hesitate to let management know if you have special request. They're very cool and want to make your experience the best it can be.
5	as always, excellent service with excellent food! date night with "canvas & coppola"!
3	Came here for my husband's birthday dinner. Made a reservation and was seated promptly upon arrival. Server was nice,  but definitely seemed rushed. Complimentary bread and butter / olive oil, which was probably the best part of dinner. Got the crab cakes appetizer, which was tasty.  I ordered the beef tenderloin medallions and husband got chicken marsala. My entree was tender and cooked to perfection, and tasted good at first,  if a little monotonous. Husband's (birthday boy) entree was a total failure. He asked to substitute the standard spaghetti aglio olio with spaghetti meat sauce,  which didn't happen. The chicken was as tough as shoe leather, the sauce didn't taste at all of marsala wine,  and the mushrooms had hardly any evidence of being cooked.Considering we were here for his birthday,  it was pretty disappointing. Still, service was nice enough, and location, and cleanliness can't be faulted.
1	Went here for the first time on 4/8/11 for a dinner with a friend who is visiting Las Vegas for the first time. I do not want to go into the details of why I am rating this place with only 1 star (if there was a zero star rating I would have chosen that instead). If it wasn't for the great company, this dinner would have been the most forgettable because of BAD, UGLY, POOR SERVICE - specifically from this short-haired blonde at the reception area! We did not get her name because we got into a heated exchange with her... She should get fired!!! And she should be sent back to her parents for lessons on good manners which she has NONE. The manager, on the other hand, can only offer us a couple of appetizers in exchange for the rudeness of his employee! DUH. We CAN PAY for the entire dinner and more so you can go keep your appetizer, you need it more! As for the food, CPK and Olive Garden are better choices if you are looking for pasta dishes. So if you are looking for a place to eat in Vegas, just go check out the hotels or McDonald's - DO NOT EVER GO HERE if you want to be treated right. Period.
5	I always leave here wishing I could eat more. After the flatbread pizza and the fried mozzarella, I'm usually stuffed before they bring out the giant portion of chicken parm. I've never had dessert, as I'm already bringing home a ton of food. They seated us in the corner with all the windows. Great view of the Strip and plenty of people watching during the meal. Very efficient waiter.
3	I hate to have to give a below 4-star review when the service is extraordinary.Our waiter, Kevin I believe (Im sorry if I get the name wrong but he's tall and talks quite fast), was super attentive and helpful.However, the food wasn't very impressive. The lobster carbonara was quite bland and very liquid-y. My friend said her gnocchi was quite flour-y. Considering the great ambiance, the great service, and the great reviews this place's got, I expected more from the food.
1	We waited almost an hour for lackluster food that barely rivaled Chef Boy Ardee. This place is a shadow of its former self and its origins from Chicago. They've managed to accomplish what other big chains avoided - mediocrity. Skip the drama and head to places like The Cheesecake Factory which, while not enlightened, delivers quality food with quality service at reasonable prices. Maggianos Las Vegas just doesn't make the cut. Skip it.
2	Pluses: Inviting decor/atmosphere, good food and cocktails (which were fairly reasonably priced), and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Minuses: Even though we had reservations, it still took 20 mins before we were actually seated and we had to wait in two different fusterclucked lines - people were bumping into each other and unsure where to stand or go (numerous signs for the "Host Stand" were borderline comical, giving an Alice gone through the looking glass experience - but with annoyed tourists); we asked the seater to speak to management (we were there for family celebration,and the evening wasn't feeling terribly "special" with this first impression), who didn't appear until 50 mins later (that's because she never bothered to contact himl) - the manager was extremely defensive, admittedly he was probably slightly broadsided by our complaints but still seemed barely receptive to the criticisms and made repeated excuses about "the layout of the restaurant" and told us we should've came in via the revolving doors that we almost got whacked with twice because "most of our traffic comes off the Strip" (we'd already explained we were locals, apparently we shouldn't come in where the valet is). All in all, we'd have been better off going to a nice local joint like Chicago Joe's - this place was basically a fancier version of the Macaroni Grill.
5	Again and again this place don't stop to make me want to come back here! The food is so good and delicious so I will definitely come back here again with friends and family.
3	The food and service was great . The meat sauce was amazing. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is we dined outside on the patio and the ash trays for smokers are rite there in front of the doors and patio. So we got to enjoy cigarette and cigar smoke while eating.
4	Maggiano's in the Fashion Show Mall knows how to consistently produce high quality Italian fare. Over the years, I've eaten here many times and have never had a bad plate. Their Holiday Season menu adds to the variety and decent wine can be had at decent prices. I had the braised ribs off the seasonal menu and they were extremely good. Likewise, the cab off the holiday menu is a decent $50 bottle...and they give away a branded carafe for using the menu.Tip: for easy access, use valet parking on the north side off Fashion Show Dr. then hop into the exterior elevator for a quick ride to the restaurant.
5	This place isn't always crowded. The food is great and wait times for seating, ordering, food, etc. aren't bad. I've been here three times for lunch during the weekday and weekend and their prices are reasonable for being so accessible from the strip. I bring my out of town guests here and my aunt likes to come eat here whenever she visits (all the way from Oklahoma!).
5	Came here for my birthday a couple of days ago and really enjoyed it. The bread came out fast and was so good because it is handmade in the restaurant! It was nice not having to starve while waiting for our appetizer and entrees. Also the customer service was great! Even though he was waiting more tables he was very attentive and courteous. The food came out hot and fast and tasted great! We couldn't finish our pasta because we were so stuffed! They have large portions and my pasta was only 15 dollars! About the same price as Olive Garden but it was actually delicious. Believe it or not, our total was cheaper than the time we went to Olive Garden! From the time we arrived to the time we left it was only 40 mins! So I'd say service was extremely fast, especially since they were busy that night. I will go again if I'm in the mood for Italian (:
4	Good location for Italian on the strip. We came here after a long evening of shopping in the mall. I highly recommend getting their lite chicken marsala if you are on a diet. Service at the bar can be shoddy but the food is great. Also, try out their stuffed mushrooms for appetizers.
5	We have eaten here over Xmas and it was fantastic! This is how Italian food should taste. The mom's lasagne was glorious as well as the desserts :))
4	The food here is terrific, but high calorie. It is very busy pretty much all the time, so make reservations. Our server was inexperienced (forgot to bring my drink), but made up for it with a pleasant attitude. I would recommend this establishment.
4	We were impressed with the ambiance and decor. The rooms were full if energy and the food was great! Our servers satisfied our every request.
5	Came for New Year's Day. Can get busy. Make a reservation. Don't be afraid to ask if you don't see it on the menu. The chef can usually whip it up. Love the Chef K Lobster carbonara , chicken parm, Lasgana, bruschetta, tomato soup, and chocolate cake! Also have requested a broccoli, chicken, and garlic pasta. Wonderful!! Big portions. About $1-2 more per meal than your other Italian chains but so worth it! Stephanie was our server. Local girl who knew the menu and could manage her time and the crowd. Would love to have her again!
4	Came here on  Sunday night just as a walk in had forgotten the reviews recommended to make reservations. Place was packed, waiting time was 45 minutes for a table of two. Waited at the bar had the best red sangria I've ever had. Also ordered the calamari, was not rubbery it was lightly crispy! So delicious. Bread they gave was too hard. Service was Excellent. Finally got a table service was fast & friendly. The food was delicious too we got the spaghetti & meatball and seafood plate a little spicy and so buttery. Overall the entire experience was Excellent. Come prepared to wait this place is booming!!
4	Another year later, and another New Year's Day meal at Maggiano's--this time with friends.  Food was as fine as usual, but this time there were just too many service errors to overlook.  I had to separately ask for more bread three times, and butter another three times before they were finally produced.  A table knife was taken away without substituting a replacement, and no serving spoon was provided for potatoes.  So one star was lost.Complimentary Italian bread had a nice doughy texture.  Calamari Fritti with Marinara Sauce and specially requested Lemon Aioli featured perfectly cooked golden tentacles and rings.  And Mozzarella Marinara consisted of four rectangles of slightly browned fried cheese.  A side Caesar Salad with requested anchovies was crunchy and excellent.  And a bowl of Tuscan Chicken Sausage Soup was very good except for hard included celery.  Fontina Potatoes were oozing with white cheese, and my entree of Linguine & Clams with White Clam Sauce, 12 Littleneck Clams in open shells, and several pieces of chopped clams was quite delicious.
4	Always make a reservation, it's super quick and easy on open table! I came here for a quick dinner with my man on a Sunday. It was pretty busy, and it took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come over and greet us after we were sat. When I've already completely decided my meal before I've even been offered a drink, I get a little impatient. That's the only reason I knocked a star off. The food came out within 20 minutes or so after we ordered, and we split chicken piccata, but unfortunately they didn't split it. I don't mind paying a split charge, especially when I specifically request a split. The size was ok, only 3 very small chicken breasts, but Macaroni Grill has definitely made us spoiled with portion sizes. I would return, as it was a nice atmosphere at a good price with decent service and yummy Italian food.
