3	Juliana's is not the most glamorous place in the area, but they've got good food. I met some friends here last Monday night for a late dinner, and it wasn't crowded. The staff was accommodating even though I arrived about 15 minutes before they closed the place down. I'm a fan of their Veggie sandwich. It's awfully cheesy and melty. Other folks with me had pasta dishes, which looked (and smelled) divine.The best thing about Juliana's is that the price is right. Most menu items were cheaper than $10.So if you're near the Sardis Crossing shopping center and feeling like getting something to eat that's not from a soul-less chain store, as they abound in this area, check out Juliana's.
3	Would've liked to have gone three and a half stars here but of course can't cause it's just not allowed. Good food. Family run. Good service. Not crowded. Inexpensive.
3	This is a fine place for lunch or dinner. Good food, great service, relaxed, laid back atmosphere. They've been around for years and years, and the consistency is evident.I really like their pizza and their Greek salads. The Greek Chicken Salad is my favorite here. Friends have been happy with their burgers. My kids devour the pizza. 3.5 stars would be about right. I'll give them the half star for trying hard to please.
4	Okay first off, the address is 9858 Monroe Rd.Now, that we all can meet up at the right place....let's dig in:I've eaten twice here now (shame on me for not reviewing sooner) and what I like most is the atmosphere.  They're not too busy, but they can accommodate any size group.  It's a family-run restaurant, and the owners are usually there working hard!! I love the food...Italian/Greek Cuisine with some American on the side.The desserts, THE DESSERTS!!! Oh man! The chef usually has a special dessert of the day and then you have your typical Italian tiramisu, cannoli, and carrot cake.  The last time I was there they had this Chocolate Decadence cake and it was insanely rich and moist!!I say give them a try because you can bring your friends, family, etc and have a great meal at a reasonable price.
4	I've been there a few times and the hubby and I love the place. It's inexpensive, never busy, and the staff is always personable. Our bill is usually less than $25 for both of us.The menu has something for everyone. Subs, pizza, wings, Italian, and some Greek picks like the Chicken Pita are listed. The hubby likes the chicken parm. and I like the chicken pita. It's worth a visit if you want a quaint non-frou frou local place to have a quiet meal.
4	This is a hidden gem!You must try their old-world style spaghetti and meatballs. The most wonderful spice (hints of cinnamon) compliments the most delicious and tender meatballs (and they're fantastically large). They also have delicious hot wings! Not much variety (just "hot" which are really a medium-mild), but they are flash fried and shaken in sauce. Not breaded. Great taste, perfect heat for anyone to enjoy (including children), and good value.The pizza is also wonderful! Get the "dressed" pizza for great flavor with several kinds of meat, peppers, olives and onions. INEXPENSIVE, friendly and attentive staff, and not crowded (yet). A must try for this area!!
4	Pizza has a great flavor and the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce has Great Flavor, only too little sauce!  If you see my photos you may say it looks like a lot!  The service here is always very good!  I have to say I'm a fan because I eat here more than any Italian place!
4	Three and a half stars.Pizza? What pizza? It doesn't look, smell or taste like pizza!!! ... but it's very good. I'd describe it as a Mediterranean puffy pie with your choice of ingredients. The standard offerings are of the kitchen sink variety but that's not my style. I ordered an individual with cheese, mushroom, onion and sausage and it was yummy. When the waitress brought it to the table I was like "what the hell is that?"  I though it was a failed attempt at dip dish pizza, but as i ate into it I shed my preconceptions and enjoyed it for what it is. Very little tomato sauce BTW but that's a plus. I spoke a little with the owner when I paid, she's a real nice person, she even said "tell me what dish you want and I'll make it for you".
4	I was having lunch at this location during the holidays  and I saw they were delivering dozens of large pizza pies. I figured people must like them. Last week I brought a couple of large pies to feed the men working at my house. Not only the guys loved it, but two of them asked permission to take the leftovers home! I've fed employees countless times over the years and this never happened to me before. As I mentioned it doesn't look or taste quite like a traditional pizza. The dough is some sort of deep dish, but nicely crispy. I think they use a fair amount of yest to make it rise and stay light. It's not Chi- style nor any of the pizza hut concoctions. also the tomato sauce is used sparingly which I like.  I asked the owner about it, he told me he's been making pizza for 30 years and everything was prepared in house, including the dough, sauces etc. My favorite still is the individual pie with mushrooms, well cooked onions ( I can't stand undercooked onions) a mild sausage more knockwurst than Italian and my twist: a fried egg on top, sunny side up.  No it's not pizza, a Tuscan style pie maybe. BTW the lunches are cheap, $6.95 for lasagna, ravioli etc. More to Charlotte's taste than to mine , but good in spite of being mild.
1	***WARNING!!!!!*** THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!  WHY?  Here it is.  My family and I went to this place Saturday evening based on the reviews here on Yelp and other sites such as Urbanspoon.  4 of us ordered chicken Parmesan, a pretty good yardstick for determining how the food is in any Italian restaurant.  After each of us took our first bite, we all lookedvat each other with the sort of face you make when you are wondering what was that.  The look was followed by universal disdain for this so called meal.  The chicken was inedible , the sauce was nothing resembling tomato sauce found on 99% of all Italian meals.  We should have been tipped off when the chicken was grilled not breaded as is the case with this dish.  BLAND.  GROSS.  TERRIBLE.  Now comes the part that totally caused me to write this.  We sent it all back.  We were asked "would you like something else?".  Not a chance.  If this was the indicator for the so called cuisine we wanted nothing to do with it.  The "manager" came to our table.  "You have to pay for the entire meal".  Seriously?  Seriously!  Now again in 99% of the time when food is returned, the normal proper way of doing business is to say "sorry you didn't like your food.  We will deduct the cost from your bill".  LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.  In the face of protecting my family from the embarassment of the police being called, I paid $83 for this CRAP. $83!!!  As I left I suggested the manager change this policy.  It was met with a smirk and defiance.  In the face of my saying the social media world will hear about this, she couldn't care less.  So, here it is. For those of you who gave this place a positive review, I have to ask "Seriously?". For those of you looking for something new in Italian food in Charlotte,YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED by someone who rarely sends food back and by someone who understands the customer is always right.
5	Just moved in the area and discovered on of the best pizzas in Charlotte.  Great service and the food is always consistent. I also recommend trying the Fragolaki (sp) seasoned grilled steak in a hoagie with feta cheese.
5	Wow, this place has good pizza! Hidden at the end of a strip plaza it doesn't look like anything special from the outside and it's easy to miss - once inside the food is good and the service is even better.  Ordered the large pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms (they are fresh, not from a can) and it was excellent, one of the best pizza's I've had in Charlotte. Our server was very good, always filled our drinks before they went dry, came back often to see if we needed anything and was fast with the bill when we were finished. Don't let the outside appearance stop you from giving this place a try. I know I'll be back!
5	Best pizza and wings in the queen city! ! Nice place for a date or hang with friends.  Service is awesome.  I will be back for sure!
1	I am confused. I am baffled. I am in shock. I am disappointed.  When I read the reviews I was a little surprised but I figured somehow I must have looked over this place after all these years and I was actually regretting it!  Now...not so much. I quickly realized there was a reason I grew up right around the corner yet never visited this place.  I realized there was a reason I never even stepped foot in this place on a lunch break while working at the neighboring Food Lion as a squeaky teenager with braces. Back then I thought Ragu was gourmet so I wasn't even picky but STILL knew to stay away from Juliana's  There is a reason why our Italian family of 7 never bothered ordering from here even though it was cheap and close by!  You have to realize this was before the restaurant scene really even popped off in Charlotte!! There were no options!  Uptown was downtown, the arboretum was for the wealthy and Ballantyne didn't exist.  But still....Juliana's was never an option....now I see WHY!!We opened the door and immediately fell back into 1973.  The diner feel of this place gave me the creeps and the whole restaurant turned to stare as we entered.  It was awkwardly quiet and just didn't have a comfortable feel AT ALL.  I wanted to leave from the moment I stepped in but I figured I needed to get over myself and give it a try.  Sometimes the best food comes out of little hole in the wall restaurants.  I wasn't expecting much but I realize decor is not the only thing that matters.We decided to stick with the absolute basic.  I ordered Spaghetti and meatballs and my husband ordered the chicken parm 12 inch sub.  My husband isn't as picky as I am so I was counting on him to enjoy this sub.  It is pretty hard to mess up a chicken parm sub.My pasta came out and all I can tell you is that the sauce was brown.  It looked like gravy.  When I mixed it in with the spaghetti it somehow just vanished so it was basically like eating noodles with a hint of brown gravy.  It was the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted.  I took one bite of the meatball and thought I was going to throw up.  It was atrocious.  It was spongey and tasted like deer meat.  It was so gross.  My husband's chicken parm sub had the same doo-doo brown gravy on it and the chicken was like rubber.  Literally.  He could hardly bite through it.  When he said he couldn't eat this sub, I KNEW it was bad.  He eats anything.  I for darn sure wasn't eating my dish so we just sat their staring at each other.  I forgot to mention the salad and texas toast that was served with the meal...the salad was frozen iceburg with nothing else and the toast was a piece of lilly white bread with some butter and garlic slapped on it.  BLLLLEH!!!!Eventually the waitress made her way over to us and we weren't sure what to say but I can tell you I have only not been able to eat a meal due to COMPLETE dissatisfaction twice in my whole life.  The waitress noticed that we didn't eat our meals and asked if we wanted a box to go.  Um, WOW.  No, we want to just get out of here.  We asked for our check and told her we weren't really satisfied but that we didn't want to make a big deal, no need for managers, etc.  Well, one of the "managers" (son to the woman who owns and cooks) came over.  He offered us anything else off the menu to replace our meals.  We didn't want anything else from this dump.  We wanted to just LEAVE and go eat.  We were starving and on a time crunch.  Long story short--They made us pay for the meal that we didn't even touch.  The owner came out and was extremely nasty.  She said she posted that they do not refund for food.  She then pointed to this itty bitty note on her cash register.  She said she can't please everyone's taste buds so she is not going to refund anyone.  What?  So does this happen often enough that you have to have a disclaimer on your food?  That is TERRIBLE servie for a small mom and pop, or just mom shop.  It was like they were used to people not liking their food so they were prepared to argue their point.  IT was bizarre.  I don't understand that concept.  They said you can order a pizza or something else so they are still losing money by having to make a whole other meal!  Either way, it was their approach and the fact that the food was absolutely disgusting.  I would NEVER want to support this place, local or not.I asked them where they were from because no one that was born and raised in Italy would have created the mess that they did.  They were actually greek.  I suppose they just have a different way of preparing Italian food because it was NOT authentic.I looked back at those who offered such stellar reviews and realized that most of the people were from random towns/areas.  Maybe they haven't been exposed to the real deal in terms of Italian food so somehow this place was okay to them.  Not me.  I'm telling you...If you love Italian food and have had real authentic Italian food...DO NOT GO HERE.  End of story
5	Our favorite pizza and a great family ownership and atmosphere.  We have a tradition on Friday night we go and pick Julianas Pizza up and the kids as well as mom and dad eat it all!  Also they have homemade coconut cream pie and brownies that are second to none!
