1	This place doesn't even deserve one star! They have a terrible customer service and all they care about it taking your money! They treat you really nicely till they get your payment. My mother was visiting me from abroad and needed a temporary SIM card with no commitment so I went to this place (Unlocked Global Phones!). The girl that was working was new and wasn't trained well, she screw up the SIM card when she was activating it and we didn't find out till after we left the store. The store was closed by the time we realized her mistake, and we really needed a working phone that night so we ended up buying another SIM card from another store that opens late. I went the next day to return the SIM card we purchased from them and explained what happened, they didn't even apologize, and they said that they could fix it now. I refused and told them that it's no longer needed and that I want a refund. They strongly refused to issue me a refund and insisted that once the SIM card is processed through the system they can't return it. Well, that's not my problem, they made a mistake and I don't have to pay for it!  After arguing with them for so long, I ended up convincing them to give me a gift card and all they gave me was $25 gift card (while I paid almost $100 for that SIM card!), and I couldn't even use the gift card because everything is overpriced there. They're also notorious for having hidden fees and are completely not honest about the real cost upfront when you ask them! Make yourself a favor and avoid this scam store!
2	In a nutshell: buyer beware.The service was friendly, the price was right... the phone was probably stolen... annnnd did not function as claimed.I hastily bought an unlocked phone from these guys 3 hours before my flight left. We were leaving to travel in Central America for a year and my phone had just died. Hence the haste and the need for a global unlocked phone. Though I realize that buying a used phone means some features are broken, they said the phone checked out. So I was very disappointed to discover that the GPS (50% of the reason I needed the phone) didn't work, the headphone jack didn't work, the back camera was missing a lens, and the front camera didn't work at all, and some other little things. So this is a phone that checked out for being fully functional?Now that I am back in the US, I bought a US SIM. I can't activate the SIM because there's a lost/stolen alert on my phone (interesting that wasn't a problem in Cen. Am.). So now I have a phone that I bought as a legitimate phone for $150 that I can't use. There are websites where you can check the phone to see if it is stolen. You'd THINK a store that deals in used phones would do that. NOPE. I trusted them. I was burned.And now that I'm trying to contact them again, their phone number doesn't work and they're not responding facebook messages. Thanks, Clarence of Unlocked Global Phones. You've really done me a solid, buddy.
5	Wow, my experience with these folks couldn't have been more positive. When my Verizon contract finally expired I shopped around for a low cost plan, sick of paying $100/month. A friend turned me on to Global Unlocked so I took my iPhone 4s there. They weren't sure they'd be able to unlock it but they succeeded, and set me up with a plan called PagePlus. I can't remember exactly what I paid cuz it's been a couple of years now but it must have been reasonable, otherwise I would have been upset, lol. I pay $39/month for PagePlus & they use Verizon's network. I only had to go back to Global once, looking for help with my voicemail. I think I had 3 guys huddling over the phone, trying different things, until they finally determined that it wasn't the phone but rather something with the new plan, I needed a code or something. They didn't charge me for that visit. And I know that the friend who referred me has been satisfied; he began to use Global about 5 years ago.
