5	Search for a good and honest mechanic is over, Abraham (owner) and his team of mechanics are very professional, went in for an oil change but they made sure to check what's needed to be checked before our trip back to California to be sure we made it home, checked belts, fluid levels, etc., Abraham will tell you what needs to done or what can wait till next time, he found out that the last mechanic did not even check the air filter when it was brought in for an oil change, it was way past it's usefulness, Abraham is willing to work with you.  Was recommended by a family friend of ours and he is spot on in describing how the owner deals with his clients.  Will do business again, highly recommend.
5	I very much recommend Smadi Auto Repair. My husband and I have taken our 2006 Kia Spectra there several times for repairs including radiator work, A/C work, replacing temperature gauge, oil changes, etc. The mechanics are always very helpful and honest. They are flexible and understand that we do not have a lot of money. They tell us honestly if something can be rebuilt or if used parts will work, or when they won't. Every repair I've had done has been worked out. Plus, they give FANTASTIC car washes. The best I've had in town ever. A $20 car wash seems like a detail wash! We live in this neighborhood and always recommend friends and neighbors go to Smadi. -Hektor & Amey Esparza
4	Got an oil change here. Abraham was awesome. Knew a few details about my car that I didn't know. Transaction felt great. I'd go back for sure. One thing - he had this other guy doing some work on my oil change but I'm not sure he was an employee. Maybe being trained? I'm not sure. He was overseen the whole time but still I didn't quite know what to make of it.
5	Ibrahim is the best mechanic my husband and I have had. He is willing to work with you on payment plans. He is straight up and doesn't exaggerate any problems. He will also hold your car if you think that it's not safe to drive. My husband and I always rely on this shop for anything to do with or vehicles.
5	You definitely have to check this place out for any of your car needs! Abraham is the most honest, sweet and thorough mechanic I have come across. I have been to many auto repair shops and many of them treated me the same, where they would assume I don't know what is going on and wouldn't bother providing thorough explanations or further help. For that reason, it is hard for me to trust many of these shops; however, my experience at this repair shop has been amazing and I cannot help but feel so grateful for the services that Abraham assisted me with. I definitely recommend coming here! He is very personable and will beat any other competitors prices :)
