4	We love to come here daily for a large Diet-Coke and a fruit parfait. The drive thru can be a bit slow at times, but they always cook their hash browns to the perfect crisp.
2	I walked in for a coffee today. I was looking a little more scrubby than normal and figured that the normal patrons and staff of McDonalds might be a little more understanding than a coffee house. I ordered a single iced coffee, paid, and waited at a table opposite the registers. At the time I was the only one there, but shortly after about 10 people got in line. I waited. And waited. And waited. No coffee? I thought that maybe they'd just needed to get their drive customers out of the way before moving on to my ticket. But people after me started receiving their food. 15 minuted after ordering a SINGLE COFFEE I waited through line and handed my receipt to the cashier. She said they must have skipped me and went to give the ladies my ticket by hand. Another 5 minutes later I had my coffee and was on my way. Sorry, McDonalds, I am not interested in waiting 20 minutes for a coffee.
5	As far as mcdonalds go, this one is one of the better ones. I come here a lot - 27 check ins so far! Ive never had bad service here that i can recall. The management must be doing something right! Kudos to you guys! Plus the kids LOVE the indoor play area here. Its big, accessible, and closed off so my kids arent as tempted to run off. And it has its own bathroom, WITH a changing table - hard to find in vegas. They also occasionally have special events, like ronald mcdonald visiting. 5 stars.
3	I pretty much only come here to treat my son.  So I took my son here because he loves to play in the kids playground area which is pretty neat for youngsters.  The food just isn't what I used to think when I was younger.  The fries are generally pretty good, unless you get served some cold fries which is disgusting.  I had the double quarter w/cheese + bacon.  It was pretty good, but the burgers are not served HOT like many other fast food places.  I would like to see the cheese melted to my bun from the heat.  Service was pretty much exactly what I would expect, nothing too great, but nothing to complain about either.
4	Came here for breakfast since we missed our breakfast meal period at our conference. I ordered a Sausage Egg McMuffin meal. It tasted delicious and not dry. They got our order correct the first time. Not a lot of seating though but we were lucky to get one.
4	Wow. I cant believe that I haven't written a review for this place.It's almost always busy. Morning, afternoon,night, there's cars in the drive thru.The staff is always kind. Most fast food places looks like everyone who works there hates their lives. Sometimes the guys on the late shift dance around for you.... Real positive energy! My order has never been wrong, or incomplete here, either.If the food isn't "classy" or "healthy" enough for you, don't eat here. I like shopping organic, and what not, but anything in little doses will not hurt you.
2	It was the longest wait on drive through...  It was more than 20 min..  I don't know what was happened, but they could find some kind of solution, we just got to stuck...
