5	The ambiance is very unique and authentic. Friendly and nice service. The food has very strong taste, its up or down. Soup was amazing. I had better Moroccan food in the city, but this place is different. Moroccan tea is very good. Price was $20-25/person.
5	Perhaps the only Mauritanian restaurant in Montreal, La Khaima is one of the best options if you are looking for a place to eat in the Mile End area. The decor is warm and cozy, with cloth covering the ceiling and giving a tent-like atmosphere. The owner, Attigh acts as server, cook, host and entertainer. He is a really interesting character and was the subject of an award winning documentary (http://vimeo.com/11617345). The menu varies, but everything I have tried there has so far been excellent. The cuisine is very similar to Moroccan cuisine and the menu usually includes one tajine, and one vegetarian option. You can ask for a sample platter containing the various menu items of the day.The mint tea at the end is one of the highlights of the meal. It is sweet and intensely fragrant, and as a bonus, Attigh turns the process of oxygenating the hot brew into a fun show to watch.La Khaima is a real treat and is highly recommended.
5	We came late in the evening for dessert and tea. Both were great, but not as great as chatting with the owner, who entertained us with stories.
2	The food here was very decent.  The soup, stewed vegetables and chicken were delicious.  However, we were also served stale pita bread from the grocery store and the lamb sausage was quite dry (in fact, one of the sausages was rock-hard) which put a damper on the meal.The service, however, was downright TERRIBLE.  There was only one other couple in the whole restaurant, but we still waited half an hour between soup and main course.  Worse still, the guy took our main course dishes away and offered us tea, which we happily accepted - and then he took FORTY-FIVE MINUTES to bring it to us.  He kept reminding us that he "hadn't forgotten our tea" but every time we looked up, he was just standing around.  We were exhausted from waiting around, but we still wanted to try the sweet mint tea, which looked very good.  (Turns out, it was so sugary that it was barely drinkable.)  And then, to top it all off, at the end of our meal, he TOLD US how much to tip him.It's strange that all these other reviewers mention how nice this guy is.  The only possibility that I can think of for why he was so rude to us is, maybe, that we were a same-sex couple who came in holding hands? But I don't like to assume people's motives for their behaviour, so who knows - maybe he was just having a bad day.
5	Our family of four had a wonderful meal and delightful experience at La Khaima.  The menu is limited and changes each night.  The night we went, the meal started with a vegetable soup (not sure what it was called), then there were three tagines to choose from --  two vegetarian and one veal.  The owner, Atigh, greeted us warmly and offered to provide us with a selection of each of the dishes on the menu that evening, along with a hibiscus drink and a "tea ceremony" at the end of the meal.  Each tagine was delicious, especially the veal dish which was sweetened with dates.  But what really made this a special experience was hearing from Atigh about Mauritania and the camel races and treks he organizes to support the nomadic culture there.
4	BYO in Mile End that I tucked into for a friend's bday dinner last week and couldn't have been happier to find myself in such a cozy port in the -30 storm. We sat in the shoes-off elevated area surrounded by big pillows beneath the billowing tapestries that patchwork the ceiling. Water was served in cool glass carafes, wine bottles popped, bowls of hot dahl served, and then giant stoneware dishes, one vegetarian, one chicken, one veal (which I didn't try but folks raved over.) The chicken was moist and slightly spicy and the vegetarian had lip smackingly good potatoes. After the meal we were served hot sweet mint tea that was a perfect kick back out the door into the cold. The restaurant was short staffed that night so the owner was cooking and serving and he did an amazing job juggling it all with a smile. We paid a flat $20 each plus tax which seemed like a fair deal for the massive mounts of meal and the great good vibes.
5	This is a real special place, with a very special chef and owner- Atigh Ould. He will wine and dine you and charm you with his stories about his life growing up in Western Africa, as a Bedouin Nomad. The food is always delicious, filling and made with love. He always has different dishes - whether you are vegetarian or gluten free, he can adjust to your needs. He ends every meal with a tea ceremony, which is always my favourite part.He also opened a cafe attached to the restaurant, serving only Mezzes, his famous Atigh's Hibiscus Juice (often he adds ginger or mint) and Hibiscus popsicles! All delicious. You will lose all sense of time here, so it's a great place to go for a birthday dinner, or to catch up with an old friend.
5	When in Montreal, take advantage of the presence of its many North African restaurants. The food was great! The meal ( lunch at least) came with an appetizer, a tagine, and some delightful baklava and mint tea for dessert. I ordered a chicken tagine that had olives and couscous mixed in. It was awesome. My friend ordered a vegetarian tagine which had peanut sauce and some veggies mixed in it. I tried a bit of her dish and it was delicious as well. I loved the  atmosphere of the restaurant,the decor is beautiful and the owner is very friendly.
3	I really loved the ambience of this place and the service. It looks like nothing from the street, but it is very charming inside! There seemed to be only two guys working the room and perhaps even the kitchen and things went really quickly! The food is worth trying and I only gave it three stars because it wasn't the right food for me... I kind of wish I could give it more because I liked everything else so much! I just wasn't into the flavours so much, but give it a go and see :)
4	The diversity of Montreal's restaurant scene is on of the things that makes it so fantastic and La Khaima contributes to that.   Being in a group we we seated in sort of booth complete with comfy pillows.  The table was a little lower herethan usual which wasn't the greatest for eating but that is my only complaint really.The food was really good here although I can't remember the names of most of the dishes.  We had a table d'hote menu which included a variety of dishes served family style.  We also had a hibiscus-ginger drink which was very refreshing as well as mint tea which I thoroughly enjoyed.The owner is very welcoming and does a great job of explaining the dishes to you.  He also served us the hibiscus drink according to the custom from his home country which I thought was a nice touch.  Apparently the pitcher containing the drink has to be put on the table for all the guests to see before you can serve it. Anyways definitely check this place out if you get a chance!
1	We went to La Kahima with a groupon for two. Our deal was *supposed* to include appetizers, a choice between 3 main meals (1 vegeterian, 1 chicken, 1 beef/lamb), hibiscus drinks, tea, and dessert of the day.Turns out, that's what EVERYONE gets, groupon or not, as that's ALL they have.As soon as we arrived, the owner explained us that instead of letting us choose each one of the three main meals (as it was stated on the groupon), he was going to put all three choices in a platter for us. We thought, yeah why not?!? Sounds good! Again, turns out that's what EVERYONE gets, whether you like it or not.Not everyone however, gets the same portions according to this dishonest establishment! Everyone else around us was there with a groupon as well, and while they all got the hibiscus drink, it wasn't even offered to us as an option (even though we technically paid for it). The owner told us that for appetizer he would bring us a choice of different dips with pita, while really we got a platter with a bunch of canned corn and peas, and a tiny bit of a not-so-good zucchini dip. The people sitting beside us got 3 different types of dips, including the eggplant one, which is the one I really wanted to try. The owner told us that, regarding the main course, there was no lamb, only beef, and we agreed to it. Ten minutes later our neighbors got served lamb AND beef meatballs. We got 3 beef meatballs in our platter, our neighbors got 6. Again, SAME groupon, SAME amount of people. Lastly, we were not served any water until 30 minutes after we arrived.In other words, this place is a very smart money trap. Be aware! Definitely not worth the $30 groupon + $15 of taxes & tip. STAY AWAY!
1	We went to this place with a groupon. The owner offered us a 'special' meal because he supposably really liked us as guests. We would get to taste every type of tagine (chicken, beef and vegetarian)...that seemed like plenty of food for three people! They started us off with a soup. Quite tasty, but...my cousin found a thick black hair in her soup. Not ok! And then, to make matters worse, she found a little piece of bone. I don't think this is part of a traditional pea soup, right? We complained and the waiter apologized. The owner said he would make up for it with a delicious three type tagine platter. When we got the tagine platter, it turned out everyone around us (with a groupon probably) had EXACTLY the same thing. The owner was obviously just fooling us in telling us that he would make us something special. On top of that, the portions were quite small, really not enough for three people. Afterwards we got our desert: small pieces of almondpaste mixed with sugar (I was actually crunching on the sugar, disgusting). After this dinner disaster was over, we got our bill, paid it and didn't leave a tip. The owner yelled something at me as I walked out the door (probably about not tipping). The whole fiasco was finally over. My advice: STAY AWAY
5	For those who are looking for a pleasant restaurant experience in addition to eating succulent food, this restaurant is a must. The atmosphere is original, welcoming and certainly unique.
4	friendly, great atmosphere. prix fixe price point a bit higher than one would expect (generous entree but small appetizer and dessert.)worth the experience.
