3	This is the latest incarnation of what used to be Phoenix Oriental Market, which in turn was the reincarnation of Manila Supermarket before that. Same building, same layout, including the little eatery (now called Pho Thu Paris, serving Vietnamese dishes) in the southwest corner of the market. It has a fair variety of Asian grocery items, seafood, and produce, again not much different from when it was Phoenix Oriental Market. This store is definitely not as big as Asiana, Lee Lee, or Super L Ranch, but it is sufficient for finding most things you need to prepare most Asian dishes at home. The prices are low to moderate.
1	Disappointed.   Looking for tumeric root.  Had it but all was moldy.  And the place smells ptetty bad.
2	No customer service at all. None. Zero. Nada. Zilch.
2	The market has many variety things needed for home cook meals, but the place is not all too clean. The fruit and vegetables are not fresh but I guess if you need dry products you can get it here. It use to be Phoenix Oriental Market but things hasn't change much. Just different name and owner I believe.
1	Absolutely disgusting and filthy; health dept needs called. No customer service. Saw 3 Asian men sitting around in the back watching tv. Get off your ads and run your pathetic business!
4	I think this place is pretty cool - if you're in the mood to make a homemade dish of Vietnam, India, or many other parts of the world, this place is your oyster. It really caters towards Asian and African cuisine so if you're in the mood for anything European you may not find it here and should call ahead.We were able to purchase many items to cook Vietnamese food and the groceries, especially the veggies were CHEAP. For someone who normally shops at Sprouts for all my meals, I was super excited to see the same products or more for 50% less. I will definitely be coming here again and alternating between the two stores..but for any of my Asian needs, I'll be coming here without a doubt.Cleanliness..well it was okay. It's no typical American grocery store but who cares, if you've ever been to Asia you'll see this place is way better than many stores even in the homeland. Everything is packaged and unopened so it really isn't a big deal if the linoleum floors need a little scrubbing in some places..but because of that reason I would say it gets a 4 out of 5 because there is some room for improvement.
