5	I highly recommend them!!!!!!I telephoned.   They came out for an estimate the same day.  I loved the initial meeting.   They were very patient and kind as I decided what color/style to get.They arrived on time and did an amazing job...cleaning up everything!I absolutely love my "new" bathroom countertops.
2	I had an existing appointment with Todd's Porcelain & Fiberglass Repair and after trying to get Denise @Todd's to be helpful with arranging for landlord to pay , getting an date to come out and getting a firm estimate-which she was not at all helpful- decided to call around and see if someone else could come out. Todd's just did not seem to care of follow-up with any of my calls. Disappointing because they are some kind of superstar with Angie's list. IMO, Denise at Todd's needs a class in customer service. I found several other companies but Adams fiberglass Owner Chris Adams called me right away on Monday after an internet inquiry on Saturday.  After speaking with him, not only could they do the job in one day versus the two days quoted by Todd's,after hearing my story, Chris expedited my job ahead by two weeks! I cancelled with Todd's. Much friendlier, much more helpful and narrowed the quote down to a smaller range versus Todd's telling me it could be anywhere from $375-$875. I explained to Chris that I REALLY needed the shower because of medical issues and that I am having difficulty physically being able to safely step into the other Bathroom's tub/shower because of injuries from a car accident. Chris heard this and made an extra effort to move my appointment up to a much earlier day. Also, they came earlier in the day than they quoted (12:30 vs 2:30) and got the job done way faster than originally indicated at HALF the cost that Todd's  MIGHT or might not have charged me. They filled the floor with foam because it was flexing, fixed the cracks and refinished the shower pan to nearly identical color and it looks pretty darn good. We will see in two days how it holds up to my very BIG body. I will post pictures later. My only negative is that there is some dry loose material left on the carpet and being that I can't vacuum right now, if they had vacuumed that up and wiped off the material they got on the vanity, def would have given 5 stars. I would highly recommend Adam's fiberglass to fix your cracked shower stall if your looking for a friendly and helpful company that does everything they promise and they do it at a price that is fair. And, actually wants your business. Maybe I  caught Todd's and their CSR Denise at a bad time, but they just did not instill confidence and  their demeanor toward me was indifferent each and every-time when I called which was numerous times.They state on their credentials that she has been there 20 years, maybe she has gotten too comfortable and apathetic to still provide the best service? Something that the owners should look at. Her sense of urgency is very poor.
5	I first heard of Todds about fifteen years ago, while working for another company. Offering a service we did not provide...we would refer them to customers in need. We had always received positive feedback from those customers after having worked with Todds. I have been referring them ever since.I recently called upon them to repair a chip in a tub and was not surprised when they showed up on time and did a great job for me. I recommend them without hesitation.JesseBathroom Transformations
1	High price, takes two or more trips and would not recommend. Looking at other review sites, This is not the company I  want. They advertise a lot, but that does not mean much to me. Quality performance is available from local business at almost half the price with one day service. See my other reviews. Sorry moved on and would not use again.
