5	What can I say about China Chili that hasn't already been said in glowing write-ups in local magazines and the Arizona Republic? Probably not much. But, because you adore me, I'm going to throw in my opinion anyway. You're welcome.I first encountered China Chili while it was still operating at it's doomed Central Avenue location. Of course it wasn't doomed due to bad food, lousy service or any other detriment other than the light rail project's existence. So, it moved. After about 9 months it's back and ready to serve some of the best Chinese food in town. I've yet to venture to the part of the menu that offers duck, but I've tried several beef, chicken and pork dishes and I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. My current favorite is the orange beef. Slightly sweet and a bit spicy, it's cooked golden and crispy and makes my tongue extremely happy. The dining room is wide open. No booths. All tables. The volume can get a little loud when there are many patrons, and there usually... there are many patrons.  One thing that sets them apart from other Chinese places I've tried is the way that some of the chicken dishes are prepared. Typically, little bites of chicken are battered, fried and covered in sauce. At China Chili, the entire cut of chicken is battered, THEN sliced and covered in sauce. This makes it visually more appealing and you aren't consuming so much batter and grease.I'll be back many times in the future so I can get my Chili on.
4	I heard great things about this place from my boyfriend so I had to try it.  I perused their menu and figured I'd try their famous House Special Chicken Lunch Special (included Sweet and Sour soup).  Since I also went there for dinner (serves food family style), I also tried their Orange Chicken, Sizzling Rice Soup (enough for 4 bowls), and a Shrimp dish (the name escapes me now) -- they were all *very* good.While the House Special Chicken wasn't extremely spicy (for my taste), it was still delicous to me. :9  I wouldn't say their food isn't authentic Chinese, but it was definitely adjusted to make this place unique from all other chinese restaurants I've been to--which gives it a plus in my opinion.  I really liked how their chicken or shrimp dishes were tender and not dry.  Most places cook the chicken until it's overcooked.  They did a great job here.I really enjoyed it here and highly recommend it for people who are bored of "the usual" :)
4	Hooray for the reopening of China Chili!  The new location seems to be much larger than the old one and has way more parking (two lots!).  The decor of the giant dining room is still pretty plain and the music was an odd selection varying between traditional Asian music and Kenny G.  Ambiance aside, I thoroughly enjoyed my favorite dish, Sweet and Sour Chicken.  It was a radiant shade of orange and simply delicious, as always.  I especially appreciate the fact that they give you a larger portion of your dish than of white rice, a proportion skewed at some other Asian restaurants.  I could have gone for a knife to cut up the giant pieces of chicken that make up the dish, but I powered through. I'm generally pretty picky about my Chinese food, but China Chili hasn't yet let me down.
1	What is the hubub over China Chili?!?! Don't understand the high rating this restaurant is getting?!?I had not been back to this area for 5+ years and wanted to stay near downtown Phoenix where my friend lives. I looked up high-rated Chinese restaurants in downtown Phoenix and China Chili, of course, came out on top. Well folks, you yelpers here are totally fooled!First of all when you sit down, the menu gives the impression that this restaurant is a Szechaun or Hunan restaurant. It's NOT! The chefs at this restaurant are Cantonese serving Szechaun and Hunan dishes.For starters, my friend and I ordered Sizzling Rice Soup. As entrees, we ordered Szechaun Shrimp and Braised Tofu with Beef. I had a hint of what was to come by listening to the waitresses... Surprise! They all were speaking in Cantonese!The Sizzling Rice Soup was very good. The Szechaun Shrimp turned out to be a Sweet and Sour dish...  Shocking! There are almost NO dishes in Szechaun cooking that are Sweet and Sour! It looked nice though, the shrimp was ringed around the plate by thin slices of cucumber. The Braised Tofu with Beef was almost as bad, chemically tenderized beef that probably is used from another dish and dropped in the Braised Tofu. Both dishes were supposed to be HOT... NOT!The only redeeming thing we got out of this adventure was that our wallets were not affected that much by the experience!Demographics of Customers @ 6pm - less than 5% Oriental, 40% of capacity.If you want an authentic Szechaun restaurant, travel down to Tempe to Wong's Place on Baseline Road off of I-60. I will be going there tomorrow night and writing a review which will be more positive than this one!
4	Good but not amazing. And, not terribly authentic, it seems. My exchange-student son said his Hong Kong-style noodles ($8.95) were not like he'd ever eaten in his home town (of Hong Kong), but he gobbled them up anyway. I though the menu was very diverse and appealing, but very pricey compared to other similar restaurants.
3	Wow, so this is the mecca of Chinese food in Phoenix? I mean don't get me wrong, I had some enjoyable items, but this is the Macayo's of Chinese restaurants. Undaring dishes with expected flavors delivered witha reasonable price. Now, mind you there is a hell-a-handsome tattooed waiter, who while I'm waiting for my to go food, I do the blue steel, eye lash flicker while I'm puckering up my lips look. While I'm sure I think I look hot and flirty, he and the rest of the staff are hurling up the mid afternoon dim sum. I'm just saying so often the famous favorite that's been around forever can be stale and uninventive. But on a Sunday, the pork lo mein, crab puffs and broccoli and beef nicely soak up the cosmo overdose I suffered at the hands of the previous night bartender who overserved me. The nerve. Chow Mein yelpers!
3	This is one of those places that is basically overrated just because of its location and longevity. There are so few places that have survived in the downtown Phoenix area for as long as China Chili has, and for that, it probably does deserve a lot of credit. That being said, it's basically an average Chinese restauant. Comfortable, convenient, clean, and it offers all the standard fare. It's everything you'll need for a weekday dinner, but not much more.Try the sizzling rice soup. It's very good. Plus Jerry Colangelo is known to take out their sweet 'n' sour shrimp...or is it the chicken? Who cares, either way, that's pretty cool.
5	I give China Chili 5 stars because it has some treats I can't find anywhere else. I've had quite a few things on their menu and I've only disliked one thing. My favorites include the steamed won-tons (very speesy spicy and sweet at the same time, so my man and I will literally battle if they give us an odd number. It gets bloody.), chicken corn chowder (introduced to me by the harbinger of good soups and even better taste, my dearly departed best friend Andre), mushroom and spinach soup (HUGE meaty mushroom chunks with tofu and spinach in a light chicken broth... it's light but flavorful), and my aforementioned sparring partner/boyfriend is crazy about the salt and pepper beef, which is a reasonable and edible facsimile of pepper spray when you get it made like he does. I can't even swallow the stuff, but he just powers it down like drano in a tub.We very rarely eat there because the decor is just so tacky, but we love it so much, we ordered out for it on our anniversary. Be that a testament to its deliciousness or our stubbornness is your decision.
2	I went with two friends to China Chili for lunch this afternoon. It was very meh. I had the chicken salad (chicken breast, lettuce, cilantro with hot mustard and sesame oil) and a side of white rice. It was very bland. If it had hot mustard and sesame oil on it, I totally missed it. The rice wasn't cooked well at all...seriously, WTF? The soup that came out beforehand was nothing to write home about. My two dining companions had the tofu and said it was not very filling at all and that is was just OK.  The lunch menu is not very large and to me seems to be quite lacking in some staple Chinese dishes that you would expect. The prices were pretty standard for a Chinese restaurant. Thankfully service was fast and pleasant.
3	China Chili is good, but it was better before the city tore down the old little pink shit-hole building and made them move. The new space is much larger and I think the kitchen struggles to keep up. The quality of the food is not what it used to be, but Chinese is like pizza- even bad pizza is still good- and China Chili is the same way. The Szechuan green beans were disappointing- they were much too salty. The Mongolian chicken and the hot and spicy prawns are awesome, though. Those two dishes alone almost redeem the restaurant for any other misgiving I ever had about the place. The lunch specials are cheap and tasty, the service is quick, and the dining room has no problem accommodating large groups.
1	If i could give China Chili less than one star, I would.Friends keep dragging me there because it is walking distance from their offices.  If they keep insisting on China Chili, i might have to show up too late to get lunch. I have never had a good meal there. The worst was mushu that tasted like the vegetables in it were canned.
2	I always hear hype about China Chili...now I've been there a few times and it is decent but nothing to rave about.  Unfortunately I never made it there prior to the big move but I really cannot imagine that much changed in the way of food greatness.  My vote still goes to GHoHK.
4	Uh, 10 minutes to cook up egg flower soup, house chicken, and honey walnut prawns?  Serious?!  I don't think I'd want to sit down and eat there; it seemed a little depressing, way too warehouse-like (and crappy warehouse-like, not a good warehouse-like).Food?  Not bad ... the walnut prawn dish was great, huge prawns.  House chicken, not so great.  And the egg flower soup was pretty good, but nothing special.  Overall, pretty much your standard chinese joint, and standard chinese joints are awesome, so I'll definitely go back ... did I mention the walnut shrimp was awesome?
4	Giving four stars to China Chili doesn't necessarily mean I think the place is fantastic -- but the spicy garlic eggplant is fantastic, and I'm still pondering its fantasticness hours later. My husband and I also enjoyed the rest of our meal -- yiu-shan chicken and one of the house specialties, black pepper prawns and scallops. Yes, I concur with other reviewers that some of the dishes are not gonna be fantastic. Still, I look upon the place as reliable, clean, moderately priced and efficient. I don't need P.F. Chang's.
4	i have to second deborah's sentiments that just because there are 4 stars doesn't mean it is awesome --- but it's all the things i think a chinese restaurant should be.1. close to my apartment (ok that's bias but its important to me)2. really fast. seriously i stopped in and gave them my order and it was ready in less than 15 minutes.3. tastes good4. afterwards you feel guilty because you're pretty sure it had 4 days worth of calories in it and its sitting like a rock in your stomach. and the oil is coming out of your pores.this is what i expect from all chinese restaurants, and i am frankly disappointed when it's not there (pei wei for instance does not have this)... so for that reason, there are 4 stars. it's my local takeout chinese place, and i love it for it... but im pretty sure i'd never actually eat inside.
4	SSSSSSS-boy is it hot at China Chili! And I don't mean because the AC has gone on the fritz. It's because China Chili frequently lives up to its name as one of the hottest Chinese eateries in town!!The old Central Avenue hangout was forced to move due to Light Rail [hisss] but that' OK because it all ended up for the best--they're now in a lot bigger building on 3rd Street! Which means that you can get in for some great food much faster than ever.The service is fast, the food is above average Asian fare, those who love hot n' spicy Chinese are in luck too--they have plenty of hot stuff here. You may even see Her Honor the Guv here, I have it on good authority that this is one of her favorite dives--oops, I meant restraurants [it's not REALLY a dive any more since they moved to the new digs].
5	China Chili is my favorite Chinese Restaurant in Phoenix. They prepare their food the way you would at home without the typical mystery meat. The menu is full of lot's of choices. One of my favorites is the Honey Walnut Prawns. The Pillow Tofu is good even if you don't like Tofu. One of the Vegetable dishes (sides) that they are known for is their Spicy Garlic Eggplant.  The servings are large though, so consider sharing and getting a couple of items. The Chicken Salad is a great summer lunch dish. It is great to go. The managers are some of the nicest people you will meet.
4	This has to be one of my favorite Chinese places in town.. they make some very special dishes that I just crave!!!Boiled WantonsSalt and Pepper ShrimpOrange ChickenIve had other things but for me these dishes are just bursting with flavor! Plus the service is great! They seem genuinely happy to see us when we show up!
4	So my first experience here was not so hot. The dishes we ordered were pretty bland (all needed a generous amount of soy sauce). The one thing I did enjoy were the pot-stickers and the yummy dipping sauce. I ended up pouring that pure yummyness all over my main entree. To tell you the truth, I was hesitant on trying this place again until I took a peek at some reviews and found people had lots of good things to say about the place.So i gave it another shot. The atmosphere in this place is like sitting in large asian shoe box, it's one big dining room, yet it's not off-putting. It's strangely welcoming. You feel like your family with everyone else eating there. I went on a Saturday night and I was surprised to see so many old people. I'm all "this place has to be good if the older crowd is here". The  psychedelic plastic lighting fixtures cycling through all the colors of the rainbow makes me laugh but I love it. The service is quick and attentive, however when we tried to order a Mountain Dew and Dr. Pepper, the small asian woman had no idea what we were talking about and blurted out something I could not make out. I heard "Coke" in the jumble of words and just said "yes". They work as a team there which makes for some speedy service. We ordered a few appetizers: Pot-Stickers and Crab  Puffs. The Pot Stickers were good but the Crab Puffs were not. The inside lacked any crab at all and had a runny constancy that quite frankly, surprised me. Eww. Avoid these. I remember reading a review from Alexander C. suggesting the Orange Chicken. What a great choice! The dish made up for the runny crab puffs. The meat was top notch; moist with no grizzly chunks like a lot of places have. The sauce was bursting with flavor and had just the right amount of heat to it. I highly recommend this dish.China Chili...glad I gave it another shot :)
4	China Chili is the restaurant that Orange Chicken built.  While that dish is tasty, this place has so much more to offer.  Venture away from the lure of the Orange Chicken tractor beam and try such tasty morsels as:Boiled Won Tons -- a standout dish; the spicy peanut sauce is more like broth than sauce, but in a good wayChicken Corn Chowder -- a reliable standbyHoney Walnut Prawns -- deep-fried shrimp enrobed in mayonnaise with honey walnuts; what's not to love?Lover's Prawns -- half the prawns are in wine sauce and the other half are in spicy chili garlic sauce; very balancedPillow Chicken -- along the lines of deep-fried chicken croquettes with savory Black Pepper SauceSichuan Style String Beans (with pork) -- a fantastically spicy dishThe lunch menu includes a number of their most popular dishes (including Orange Chicken, of course) that are very tasty and wallet-friendly as they include a cup of the daily soup and an egg roll.This restaurant is run by a large extended family and the place has a very convivial atmosphere.  The people watching here is great.  The customers represent a broad range of Phoenix residents and there are usually a few gay peeps in the house, which is always a bonus.  The decor at China Chili really improved when they moved from Central Avenue due to the Light Rail.  This place doesn't have the decor of C-Fu Gourmet, but it is pleasant enough.  The enlarged dining room can now accommodate a crowd, which has really cut down from the long waits at their previous location that was so much smaller. Besides table service and take out, China Chili also caters.  The BF and I recently used them for our Tacky Tiki Gay Pride Brunch.  Johnny handles the catering and he's great to work with.  We asked Johnny to create an appetizer buffet, which was something China Chili had not done before.  They did a great job building a custom menu for us and the food was great.  I highly recommend their catering; it's a great way to feed a crowd on a moderate budget.
1	They do not use fresh ingredients, or at least they cook so badly to make it seem that way.People must have to convince themselves that this place is good because it's the trendy thing to do. But you're better off going elsewhere if you want good Chinese food.Here's a general tip for you guys: if the place isn't predominantly Asian, leave. That's a definite sign that the quality is sub-par. But if you're white and have never had genuine southern Chinese food, you'll probably just barely choke down your "food" and agree with most people that this place is decent.
4	Just came from China Chili for lunch. First time for me. The service was very fast and friendly. The food was fine too, nothing really special but fine. I would go back if in the neighborhood.
4	I really like this place. I spent 2 years in Honolulu and used to eat at this great little place in China Town. I have been craving that food since I got off the plane to move back to Phoenix. Well, I found China Chili and I am SO glad I did! The Honey Walnut Prawns are so  yummy! The fried rice and lo-mein noodles are smoky tasting, and hot out of the wok. Is it healthy? Maybe not. Is it non-greasy? Um... not really. Is it delicious when you're craving some really filling Chinese food? Yes. I wish it were closer to my place so I could have it more often, but I'm sure I'm sparing my waistline of more issues!
4	There is an inherent dilemma that affects all ethnic cuisine in this country. That dilemma is: How authentic are we going to make this restaurant? Basically, this question is answered by looking at the bottom line. If you are in an area with a relatively low conentration of that ethnicity then in order for your business to stay alive, you need to cater to the tastes of the local majority. The beauty of China Chili is that they walk this line and do it successfully. Restaurants that lean towards authenticity typically tend to alienate the majority of people because its simply intimidating. On the other side, a restaurant that caters to American tastes is hated on for the watered down ethnic experience. What China Chili has managed to do is make Chinese food accessible to the demographic around them. The Asian population in the Phoenix metro area is concentrated in the East Valley and Northwest Valley. There are very few Chinese downtown and that is shown by the lack of Chinese restaurants in the downtown area. China Chili has understood this and has beautifully adapted their menu to reflect the area they are in. In response to the people who commented on the lack of authenticity of the food here, I would say that I agree with that in part. However, being Chinese, I know that if you go into any Chinese restaurant that has Chinese people working there and you ask them, you'll find that there are additional items that the kitchen can make for people who are looking for that authentic experience. China Chili is no different. Just ask for something more authentic and in most cases they can tell you what they have available. I can tell you from first hand experience that they have ALL Chinese cooks in the kitchen. Its not like they don't know how to make authentic Chinese food, but like any good restaurant, they know their audience. Now to the food. Most of the things on the menu are pretty tasty. One thing that they do that most other places don't is tailor the food to your exact specifications. They can make it spicy, or less spicy, or omit veggies, msg, meat, or add basically anything you want. Some favorites of mines are the House Special Chicken, Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, Chicken Corn Chowder, and Spicy Garlic Eggplant. During lunch, they serve hearty lunch specials that after make you wish you were going to nap time rather than work(to some that may be synonymous). They have even more dishes that they can make for lunch specials than the ones they have listed so make sure you ask. As for the decor....lets be honest. Chinese decor is tacky. I'm Chinese, I admit it. If the decor of a restaurant causes you to not eat there, then sadly you have probably missed the most amazing meals of your life because some of the biggest holes create some of the tastiest food. Its not dirty or messy, its just tacky, so please get over it. The Chinese are prone to gaudy, extravagant presentations, or did you miss the opening ceremonies of the Olympics?In any case, I love China Chili because it allows people who would never walk into a more authentic Chinese restaurant to put a foot in the door of an enormous culinary world. And at China Chili they can venture in as far as they would want. .
4	Thankfully I'm not one of those individuals that are effected by the addition of MSG. Therefore I can enjoy my periodic visit to China Chili with no adverse reactions. Quite a bit has already been covered on the expansive room, so I won't dive in to that. And most of my favorite dishes have already been covered in other's reviews so here are the ones that stand out in my mind (that haven't already been described at great length):* Chicken Corn Chowder - one of my favorite "I'm sick" meals. Think egg flower with minced chicken and corn.* Honey Walnut Prawns - not quite as good as Big Wongs, but damn good!* Pillow Chicken - minced chicken with a bunch of other crunchy good things, fried up mouth-sized dumpling style and blanketed in black pepper sauce -  yummo! *Sichuan Style Green Beans - the menu version is made with pork, but I have them make it vegetarian with extra spice and IT IS TO DIE FOR.I've never actually experienced the "frozen vegetables" that others have suffered, so I have to think that this is more anomaly than practice. They are always willing to alter dishes to my liking (more spice, no meat, different meat, etc.) - this is a HUGE plus in my book because I love spicy Chinese. The staff is Stevia sweet - meaning they are all naturally friendly! And drum role please.... I can call in my order, hop in the car, pick up my food, and get my chopsticks on in front of my own TV within 15 minutes! LOVE IT!!
3	This is one of those places that is more of a landmark than a fine dining experience, yet the food is always good. It's quick - at lunch time they have your entree out to you within minutes of order (usually while you're still working on your soup). It's reasonably priced - $8-$10 gets you soup, entree, egg roll and a drink, The lunch crowd is pretty faithful so if you get there after 11:30 you may have to wait for a table. Call ahead and pick it up if you ever have to order lunch for the office. I like their orange chicken, mildly spicey. And, I always get the most profound fortune cookies. Today's message " Working with children has a miraculous affect on your spirits." Ahhh.
3	The food here is pretty good. I got a mushroom soup and it was huge!!  It must have been the family size because the bowl was bigger than my head. The broth was so good though! I tried my friend's dish and it was really good, too. I would definitely come back. I need to try more food here to see if I should maybe give them 4-stars.
4	I had an instant craving for some Chinese take-out and fortunately there were 15 minuets left before closing so I hit China Chili on the speed dial. I ordered the House Chow Mien which was ready just as I walked through the door. I could feel my food still sizzling through the Styrofoam to-go container. I couldn't get home fast enough and the smell from the back seat was so tempting I was close to pulling off to the side of the road and diving in. So I get home rip open the plastic bag to find my noddles steaming and filled with shrimp, pork, chicken, and scallions. This was one delicious meal (way better than Pei Wei) and the portion was huge for just under $9 bucks. I stuffed my face crazy and sill have enough for left overs or until I get hungry again in the next hour or so.
4	This is one of my family's favorite restaurants to go to for dinner and I definitely agree.All of the dishes are always fresh and delicious. I especially love the green beans with tofu. It's extremely authentic and not many places have a spicy garlic sauce that can compare to the taste of this one.If you like quality Chinese, check this place out.
4	This is a great restaurant if you're a fan of Chinese food.  I seem to gravitate around the spicey dishes, like chicken and beef.  On their menu, the spicey dishes have a little red chili pepper next to the dish.  Their soups are very good, too.  I tend to go there for lunch because I work near the state capitol, so I'm not sure what the menu looks like at dinner time.  The prices are very reasonalbe, but if you do go there for lunch, go early!!  The place really fills up, and there is not much off-street parking.  After noon time, there are always people waiting to be seated.Years ago, this restaurant was located on Central Avenue in a little, tiny brick building painted bright pink in color.  They lost their lease in that former location, and the building was torn down, so they didn't exist for about a year and a half.  Finally, they reopened at their current location at 3rd Street and Flower.  I'm glad they returned!!
4	This place was delicious before the light-rail pushed it back to 3rd St., and it's still the best Chinese take-out in my area.  I've been about 10-15 times in the past year, and haven't been disappointed yet.  My guaranteed winners:* Spicy eggplant* Boiled wontons (in peanut sauce)* Mongolian beef* Sliced pork* Hot and Sour Soup* Crab puffs* Green beans with sliced porkI'm sure there's more--the menu's pretty sizable.  Takeout ready in 10-15 minutes is another big plus, and the dining room is clean and comfortable if you choose to eat there.
5	If you like Chinese Buffets, then this place is not for you.  China Chili is probably the most authentic Chinese food I've had in AZ.  Makes me feel like I'm in New York, or better yet, CHINA!  I have a theory when it comes to Chinese food - if there are lots of Asian people there, its prbably good, because for them its food.  Order the orange chicken, salty squid, eggplant in garlic sauce or the mayonaise shrimp and walnuts.  All are out of this world!  I even had my wedding rehearsal dinner, that's how much me and the family love this place!  The staff are attentive, courteous and happy to answer any questions you have.  It doesn't get much better than this!
5	There is no way I could say a single bad thing about this place.  Every time I have been here, it is the exact same thing.  The service is quick and attentive, the food is fantastic and brought out freakishly fast, and the meal is always fairly cheap.  Funny thing is, I used to be afraid of this place because of the name.  The husband always wanted to try it, but I said it sounded creepy.  As a side note, I am not a fan of spicy foods.  I have since come to realize I really like Asian spicy, I do not like Mexican spicy.  So I'm a food racist.Our first time here we ordered the orange chicken and the lemon chicken.  The orange chicken was nice and crispy, with the chicken being super juicy.  The orange sauce was amazing.  It was subtly spicy at first, and then the heat just built up from there.  We still order this every time.  The lemon chicken is nice.  A light sauce that doesn't overpower the chicken.  Another good bet.Since then we have tried many other dishes, the Almond Cashew Chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Moo Shu Pork, and the Honey Walnut Prawns.  Holy Crap!  You have never tasted how good prawns can be until you eat the Honey Walnut Prawns.  The lovely little crustaceans are served on a bed of shredded cabbage.  They are smothered in a sweet and tangy mayo sauce (I know it sounds kind of gross, but trust me and try it).  Then sprinkled all over the top are this wickedly good honey glazed walnuts.  What an amazing dish.China Chili, I learned my lesson... Never judge a restaurant by it's name.
3	I think as far as the food goes it's pretty average.  Have never been disappointed with the food but it's not "great" by any means.  What I do have a problem with is their service is TOO GOOD.  I'd like a few seconds after I lay down my fork to chew before you come and snatch my plate out from under me.  Servers are all over your table all the time.  I know they assume this is good service but to me it's annoying.  I love good service just as much as the next person does but it does not take 18 (yes I counted) visits to my table and 3 different waitresses to accomplish good service. You got to give them credit for trying but sometimes I think they try a little too hard.  My first visit I was impressed and thought "wow what great service".  The rest of my visits I have just found it overly annoying to have a server at my table 15+ times every time I visit for dinner. Slow down !!!! It's ok if my plate sits on my table for empty for 2 mins even 5+ minutes. Just as long as you eventually clear it BEFORE bringing me my check you'll have accomplished your job of good service.  But 15+ visits from a server EVERY time I've dined here is becoming annoying. I feel like I"m talking to the servers more than my dinner guest.
5	Chinese food is one of those things for me... once I find a place I love, I stick with it!That was the story for my last Chinese Restaurant until they abruptly closed one day without notice...yes I am bitter.  The restaurant I am referring to was a little place called "Silver Dragon" south of Dunlap on 19th Ave.  It was the Cheers of Chinese... I walked in and everybody knew me, and immediatley started to make my meal (they would double or triple it, if I had company).  My favorite dish, was called Singapore Rice Noodle.... obviously a rice noodle dish that included stir fried spare ribs, chicken, shrimp, green and yellow onions tossed with a non-spicy curry sauce.When they closed, I was in a state of depression for nearly two years!!  Until last night, when I happened upon China Chili, not my first visit, but my first SIT DOWN experience with the restuarant.  I do what I have done at every chinese restaurant since Silver Dragon... I opened the menu and went directly to the noodle dishes to see if they offered "Singapore Rice Noodle".  Much to the delight of my stomach, they did and it was EXACTLY the same as I remember it at Silver Dragon.I am already conspiring to have it again today for lunch!!!!  Oh... they have the fastest service here too, not more than five minutes after we ordered appetizers were already coming out!
4	Pillow Chicken.  I saw this mentioned in an earlier review and the name made my eyebrows go up.  All the good reviews and the 2 minute distance from work made me give the place a try.  Glad I did.First time in, I got the Pillow Chicken and the Boiled Won Tons.  Wow.  It has been quite some time since I've sat down to a meal and said 'wow'.  The Pillow Chicken was a new experience for me.  Stuff (chicken, onions, and some other good stuff) is breaded and fried in little 'pillows', then smothered in this black-pepper sauce.  The smell was one of the best experiences my nose has ever had.  And the taste was as good as the smell.  Garlicy and peppery and yummyery.  I've never had anything quite like that dish.  I will order it again to see if my awesome opinion of it is just tastebud shock.The Boiled Won Tons came like a soup.  I think its just that there is a LOT of sauce, and its subtle enough to be a broth.  Don't know.  All I know is that it was delicious.  Its spicy, but...easy.  That's the word for it.  You feel like a stud for eating so much spicy liquid, but its not going to burn your behind-hole on the way out.  (I know that was in poor taste, oh well)These two delicious dishes had me wanting more.  so I went back that same week.  This time, I got the Lemon Chicken after the menu told me it was a 'must try'.  ...For Lemon Chicken lovers, yeah it is.  But if you're not that into it in the first place, their offering will not turn you into a fan.  That just isn't my kind of dish.  No complaints, however.The lunch special did come with a soup, though.  I have no clue what the name of it was, but it didn't agree with my taste buds.  No fault of the soup.  Its just not for me.  For what it was, it was fresh, well made, and hot.  Someone out there probably loves it.My rating states "Yay!  I'm a fan."  I am.  I will be going back again and again trying different dishes.  You don't do that a place that you don't trust your taste buds to.  I just need to stick to things that sound good to me...like BBQ Pork Slices and anything with Prawns in it.The place itself is nice.  Short on front parking, so go in the back and be careful driving down that narrow alley.  The inside of China Chili is nice and open with plenty chairs and tables...I think there were booths...can't remember.  Its accommodating for large parties...which is what you see mostly at lunch time.  Clean place, too.The staff were quick to the draw as most have said in their reviews.  While waiting for my food, I watched them wait tables.  Fast.  On point.  However, I can see how some folks would be annoyed.  Its a matter of preference.  Just keep in mind that the staff mean no harm.Speaking of speed, I got my order in under 10 minutes.  That is consistent with what you all have said.  No cold food.  No re-heated food.  None of the issues that could arise with such turnaround time.  Just good hot food served quick.  I'm so desperate for some good chinese food.  I'm completely Panda Express'd out.  This is right down the street from work and the prices are well...decent.  With tax you're talking like $9 for a lunch special.  Apparently, that's a good price for this part of town.I just can't get over that Pillow Chicken.  I will recommend it even before I give it a second testing.
4	I ordered one of China Chili's more pedestrian lunch specials: The House Special Chicken.  It tasted...well, pedestrian.  Don't get me wrong, It was not nasty at all.  I suppose compared to Pillow Chicken, this dish seems like its from a different restaurant altogether. Perhaps I should have cut my teeth on something a little less flamboyant than the Pillow Chicken when I first went here, because each dish I've tried after that has left me disappointed.  However, keep in mind that I've been ordering off of the lunch special menu lately, and those dishes are usually a little less spectacular on anyone's menu.  But I guess that's no excuse, as anything you serve to your customers should be prepared to the utmost.  Anyway, today's dish, House Special Chicken...  Its described as battered chicken in a spicy garlic sauce.  Its battered and spicy, but not very garlicy.  Still its decent.  A good taste, just not a very eventful taste.  Of note is how tender and delicious the chicken was.  I felt like taking it and putting in a sandwich.Again, the soup of the day was the one that I cannot eat.  Don't know what this stuff is...but I guess somebody on this planet must like it.Oh well, I can either hold this place in high regards related to the lone dinner entree I've tried and downgrade it for the few lackluster dishes I've had afterwards...or I can give them a break since most 'lunch combos' are only good enough to fill stomachs at the office and not to wow the tastebuds.  Meh.  The stars remain.  I keep going back...so I guess its accurate to state that:  Yay, I am a fan indeed.
4	The food here is really good!  The interior of the restaurant however leaves a lot to be desired, it is very mauve & green. It is your typical Chinese food restaurant, and the servers are not overly friendly. They do however, provide prompt service. This is still the best Chinese food I have had in Phoenix that does not belong to a chain.
3	Ehhh, its ok. The best thing about this place is the service. We were in a large group of people and everyone was taken care of as if there were only a few of us. They even put our outside cake in the fridge for an after dinner celebration.The food...it doesn't taste bad...and then again it isn't remarkable. I always end up (this wasn't my first visit) with the same thing, Garlic Green Beans and Fried Tofu. This is the most critter-less dish i can find on the menu. I don't know how you get so much grease outta green beans and fried tofu...I'm talkin' pork dish grease. Ok, so that's my gripe.I'm pretty sure i'll go back for another birthday celebration or when there's a large group of people trying to decide what will satisfy everyone, or when i need a quick lunch that's not drive thru.
5	My girlfriend first took me to China Chili a few years ago--she had gone to an arts school in Phoenix from Mesa and it was a staple for her--she craved China Chili. It only took me one visit to this restaurant to know that this is the real thing--the food was amazing, the waitress close-lipped, the prices perfect.The thing about China Chili is that it's pretty legit--if you order something bland you'll get a bland dish, if you order something boring you get that same turn of hand. The key to China Chili is taking the exotic route, ordering that item you wouldn't normally order, shooting at a risk. You'll be well-rewarded. Oh, and if you're really feeling frisky, you can ask for their Chinese menu, which features some of the more unusual items, fish bellies and the like. Still, I have a feeling you'll be delighted. Go for the gold at China Chili.
4	I swear. Some friends never steer me wrong when it comes to deliciousness. I was told the house special chicken is the thing to try at China Chili. However, after looking at the menu, and discovering an item by the name of pillow chicken that included the phrase "pillow shaped morsels" how could I resist? There was none of that resistance crap. That food was in my belly fast! The pillow chicken was chicken mixed with onion, bamboo shoot and I believe something else and breaded into little pillow sized wonder. It was laid on top of steamed broccoli and then covered in a black pepper sauce. I wish it was spiced with something more than pepper, but other than that I have no complaints. It was so filling (in the good way, not the I'm gonna get sick way like most Chinese I have) I was only able to eat half. I loved the huge round tables in the center with the lazy susans. They reminded me of ones at a fantastic restaurant near where I grew up. The inside is really spacious and has some fantastic traditional decor. The menu was so large that I found several things I'd like to try next time including a whole section of chow fun food. Fun? Yep. I'd like some.Downside? The parking lot is tiny and narrow. Parking in a space perfectly if there are cars on both sides of the spot is a feat I'd love to see mastered.
4	This place is great for lunch if you are in a hurry. Tons of seating and minimal wait time. Parking is okay though you probably will have to settle for the street or dirt lot across the street. The portions are huge! I would dare say you could split a plate and ask for sides of soup and egg rolls. The kung pao is seasoned well with lots of veggies. It is made with dark chicken meat, zucchini, red bell pepper and carrot. The salt and pepper shrimp dish is great. The lemon chicken is very tasty as well. It has breaded pieces of white chicken breast fried crisp and served in a lemony sauce. The service is good though about five different waitresses will hit your table from beginning to end. Every time I looked up it was a new person bringing me soup, lunch, water, and the bill. Some smiled - some looked like they were really focused on the job at hand. Overall it was a good experience. We've done take out a few times and it is also quick and easy!
4	In a town where Mexican joints outnumber their Chinese counterparts by like 50 to 1, you've got to find those rare oriental gems and keep them close.  China Chili wears the crown in the relatively uncrowded field of Chinese entrants.  Take a group of friends and order 5 or different dishes to sample, just make sure that one of them is the Honey Walnut Prawns.  A good Chinese meal to ensure that your palette gets the much needed diversity that it deserves.
4	There is really one reason that I go to China Chili all the time...The boiled wontons.  The rest of the food is pretty typical chinese fare.  Best to take a group of friends and mix and match dishes. Our favorite dishes here, besides the boiled won tons, are the spicy eggplant and the green beans and tofu.  We order them extra spicy to kick it up a notch. Even extra spicy and Dan will load up both the boiled won tons and the dishes with the hot sauce at the table.  In fact we usually leave the hot sauce jar empty by the time we leave the restaurant.  Parking is a bit hard to find on busy nights there and I usually end up parking on the street.  The portions are gigantic and I always have take away dishes for the next day.Prices are reasonable.  If you do order the soup realize you can order it and share for the table.
4	Standard American-ized Chinese food.Will sub tofu for any meat of any dish.Huge, HUGE menu.Super fast service.EXTREMELY strong cocktails.My father and SO both openly love it.Sold.
4	We ordered Hot and Sour Soup, Salt and Pepper Prawns and Honey Walnut Shrimp.  It was very good and quite inexpensive. Their dinner selection is more extensive and more authentic than their lunch choices.
5	Yes Go to China Chili! I was tipped off by a friend to this place...a little bit out of my "hood" but what the hey. For starters they are good about QUALITY, Yeah I said it QUALITY. We could make wonton soup and let it get mushy and bland. China Chili's is very fresh tasting...lots of mildly crunchy cabbage...YUM! My husbands new love affair with Singapore Noodles was once again renewed. He ate almost the entire (giant) portion. I was intrigued by Pillow Chicken (where do you find this at other places?...you don't!). Chicken and water chestnuts wrapped in a light almost rice dough...with black pepper sauce. All the right combinations working together to make a great dish! Will we go back..YES! Now we just have to drive a bit further to great Chinese cuisine.
4	Love this place. Great service. Huge portions. Love that I never have to ask for a refills on drinks. Every dish I've ever had at this great place has been delish.  I'm hooked. We go here at least once a month. Faves: Lemon chicken & Mongolian beef. Dang...it's almost 10pm and now I'm craving China Chili!!!!
3	I was covered in the spicy prawn sauce and the stray cats in my ghetto neighborhood surrounded me, trying to lick it off me.... Then I woke up and realized it was the most horrible dream I've ever had!This dream occurred the same night I had China Chili again after a long hiatus. I used to come here all the time for lunch when I worked closer. The lunch specials were great, about $10 for soup, a wonton, an eggroll and my favorite SPICY PRAWNS. The prawns were tempura-battered, deep-fried and drenched in a spicy, tangy sauce and served over rice. It usually has been very good for me. However, my recent experience left me drinking lots and lots of water. Not that it was spicy or anything but the sauce has gotten EXTREMELY salty. Did they have a change in chefs? Am I just more sensitive to salt? I'm not sure but this was not the same China Chili I once knew and loved. Now I only, "like" it.
5	If you're looking for a more traditional Chinese experience for your pallet while in a traditional American setting with actual silverware look no further. Always yummy, it's one of my favorite Chinese places.
4	I have never ever had a bad meal here! The spicy garlic eggplant is to DIE for!!! Love it! The potstickers are yummy as well!
2	A lot of people from work seem to like to go here. After being there several times I still dont get what the fuss is. Maybe its because they are quick with turn around? They sure can move food to the table very quickly and get you out fast.As far as taste goes, I have had better. With the Chinese Culture center not too far away either, I would chose that place over China Chili any day. A couple co-workers after having been there over the course of several years seems to be in agreement with me as well. If someone recommends it, we usually know of a better chinese place downtown than China Chili.
4	Been there a couple of times, but usually just for takeout as there is nothing better than laying in bed, eating Chinese, and watching a movie.  I was never totally impressed but it's the closest Chinese restaurant to my house and so I went back.  Then one magical day I decided to dine in.  It was a momentous day indeed.  It was the day I discovered the trick to China Chili.  You see you need to go in.  Sit down.  Order way more than you are going to eat.  Munch a bit at the table.  Then get the rest wrapped up.  For some reason if you call in a to go order the food is not nearly as good.  Favorites you ask?  Well, thanks for asking.  All time favorite is the pillow chicken.  It tastes just like foil chicken but is much larger with out the hassle of all the foil.  Next favorite?  Anything with scallops.  Seriously the cooks in the back must have a PhD in scallopology.  They are consistently cooked to perfection.    Last but not least is the egg foo young.  It's not on the menu but ask and ye shall receive.  The only reason this place doesn't get a fifth star from me is the take-out.  Food is delicious and service is ridiculously good.  I wish I didn't have to play the games I do but will continue to do so to ensure great take-out.
5	China Chili doesn't sound like much, and frankly it doesn't look like much either. But then when I opened the door from the 3rd Street side I was struck with the loud noise of a full house of hungry and happy eaters. So far I've only had the spicy Sichuan prawns, and it delivered. It was a hot, spicy and a wonderful blend of spices including garlic and chilies. Most of the items on the lunch menu were labeled 'spicy', and so hopefully the others are this good too. By the look of the other diners, the smiles seemed to indicate good stuff. The service was efficient and fast, too. Highly recommended.
1	This place has the oiliest food I've ever eaten in my life.  I had carry out one evening (two dishes) and the entrees were soaked in oil.  I had to rinse with water my eggplant dish three times just to eat it without feeling sick to my stomach.  I wish I could've washed the other dish too (but it wasn't one that could be washed--it was a wide-rice noodle dish).Can definitely taste the MSG in these dishes too.Really not sure what the fuss is about.
2	I'm only half Asian so I'm not sure if my opinion counts. tho the price is cheap and the service is lightning fast the food does not stack up.  yet the place was packed.  There was enough oil on my food for me to deep fry my thanksgiving turkey, luckily it was not peanut oil otherwise i would have ask for a to go box.
4	I have been to China Chili a half dozen times mostly for lunch with co-workers.  Their food is consistenly good.  Wait staff are not very friendly but make up for it with sheer efficiency and quickness in taking your order and bringing your food. We have never had to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated without a reservation during crowded lunch times.The restaurant decor is spacious and inviting reflective of Chinese art/culture; Two of my favorite dishes include: The Orange Chicken :  generous breastmeat  not overly breaded with the right amount of heat. Delicious. Spicy Green Beans with Tofu is another excellent dish with green beans not over-cooked and flavorful braised tofu that absobs the garlicky sauce.  I am not a huge fan of Chinese food, prefering instead Thai, Vietnamese and Japanese  cuisine which, for me, has more interesting ingredients.  But CC rates far above the other chinese restaurants I  have tried..
5	The lunchtime service here is so fast they either use cooking ninjas or a microwave. No human can cook this fast.  Maybe the servers read your mind?Consistent, hot and cheap.  A Phoenix staple... Probably why I see Jerry Colangelo here all the time.
4	Not ordinarily a fan of Chinese food, I am a fan of China Chili! For $10 (and that's with a soft drink) the lunch special portions are huge (like enough to get a box and take home leftovers, huge!) and the Mongolian beef  is an option. Service is wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am but that works for a weekday lunch at a place that's 6 miles from the office.Enjoyed dinner here with the family a few weeks back and service had a much more enjoyable pace.Food has been consistently tasty. I like the batter they use for items like the lemon and orange chicken, etc. and the meat quality is good (i.e. all white meat chicken). This place could get me craving Chinese and that's an accomplishment!
1	Some girl I know said she went to China Chili and it was the best Chinese food she's ever had. After she told me that I went to China Chili the next day. The menu is standard for a Chinese restaurant nothing special. We ordered some beef dish for our meal and a side of chow mein. The beef was chewy and the chow mein was bland. I do not understand why people love China Chili. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy!
5	Always great. Always friendly. The four musts: honey walnut prawns, pillow tofu, orange chicken and hot and sour soup. Four of us last night got to have them all- best meal in Phoenix.
5	So yummy & so fast! House special chicken & orange chicken are my favorites. Plus they use all white chicken breasts. I love that "spicy" dishes can be ordered a little more mild; satisfies the entire lunch group dining together.
4	Perfect for a Quick lunch. And I mean seriously quick. Like ninja light speed fast. Under two minutes consistently from order to table. How can you beat that! One time they clock-in at 1min 45sec for a table of five. My favorites are the House Special Chicken, the Orange chicken and the Prawns. can't go wrong and you will leave stuffed and satisfied.
4	I found this place quite by accident, my friend was looking for a Chili's where we could meet for lunch.  She gave me this address and I was delighted  to find China Chili instead of one of the run-of-the-mill, not even Mexican food Chili's.  I ordered the House Chicken and was given the choice of spicy or not.  I opted for spicy, it was delicious. So many people have complained about the decor, it was simple and to be honest I did not notice what, if anything, they had hanging on the walls, and I really don't care!  I'm there to eat and enjoy the company of my friends.  The food was great, the service was good considering how busy it was for lunch and the prices were reasonable.I've recently relocated to Phoenix from the east coast and where I came from there was one decent Chinese restaurant in a 50 mile radius.  China Chili is better than the best my town had to offer.
4	Your food will arrive in less than two minutes!  Its almost magical.  My personal favorite is the orange chicken.  The chicken is very lightly breaded and the sauce is the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  Delicious!  The one and only downside, the inevitable sodium-induced post-lunch coma.
4	So we'd been here before, and it's been quite some time. We decided to go back tonight because I was REALLLLLY craving some Asian noodles. We got the Singapore rice noodles with chicken, shrimp, egg, onion and curry. We also went with my fave chinese appetizer (if done right) BBQ beef. The BBQ beef here is great, very close to what I'd get at home (By home, I mean Seattle..best Asian food in the US). The noodle dish was pretty good too. it's exactly like this one dish that wifey and I used to get at Big Wong's (when they were open) called Hamun Rice Noodles. We have been searching for a comparable dish, and alas we've found it. Overall the food was good, and came with plenty (plus I have a before-I-go-to-class-tomorrow-evening snack. Excited to go back again to try some other stuff on the ginormous menu (that's a huge Bit**)
4	It wasn't until going into Frances, the other day, that my husband and I were stopped in our tracks with an amazing smell wafting from The Prime nearby. You know it has to smell good when it is after lunch and he is trying to talk me into stopping in for a "small bite." Yeah right! Well, when we looked at their menu last night, it wasn't cutting our tastes and decided to go for China Chili instead.  I've tried this place before and it was so-so but I believe in second chances. Thank goodness for second chances. We ordered this curry rice noodle dish mixed with chicken and shrimp. That was my favorite part and reminded of the Hamun noodle dish we used to get at the now-defunct Big Wong's. The dish was $9 and was enough for 3 adults. We also had the BBQ beef app ($5) and the egg rolls ($2). I wasn't too much a fan of the egg rolls but everything else was great in my book. Total with a couple bucks tip was $20. I wonder how soon I can talk the husband into going back. Maybe right after our next lunch for a mid-afternoon snack...
4	Since I am Asian-American; the only place I will rate a 5STAR is my mother's home cooking.  But, since she is far away; I will got to places like China Chili.  The Honey Walnut Prawns, Singapore Rice Noodles, and the soups keep me coming back as often as I can.
4	Get the Salt and Pepper Chicken!
3	China Chili is one of those places you visit when you want something you know you'll like and need to get in and out really quickly.  I started working on Central and Indian School just around the time China Chili closed prior to the lightrail construction, so my first experience was at the new place.  I wish had gotten the opportunity to eat at the original location just to see if the experience was any better.I have ordered two things at China Chili: the orange chicken and the sesame chicken.  I only order the former now.  I have never had to wait longer than five minutes for an order.  This is good yet slightly unnerving.  It makes me feel as though everything is ready-to-serve in the back, even though the freshness and temperature of the food says otherwise.  The orange chicken is out of this world.  An entire breast fillet is battered, deep-fried, sliced, and covered with a really delicious orange sauce.  If you ask for it extra spicy, be prepared to feel your face melt off.  The consistency of the heat level is a bit hit-or-miss, but when they get it right, you'll be simultaneously pleased and in pain.My biggest beef with this place is the wait staff.  Very rarely is service pleasant.  Most of the waitresses are brusque and a bit too efficient for my liking.  When the dining room isn't full, they tend to huddle up near the kitchen and watch the patrons as they eat, usually talking quietly amongst themselves.  It is quite unsettling and makes me feel as though I'm not welcome.  The one exception is one of the very sweet older women who reminds me a bit of my grandma in that she always has a smile and is always so quick to ask if I need a refill.  I don't know her name, but I always hope she's there when I go.So, visit China Chili when you're in a hurry and craving the best darn orange chicken you'll ever have.  Also, beware of really terrible parking options.
4	Legit chinese restaurant with decent prices and hefty portion sizes. Service is lightning fast which is perfect for a lunch break. Your choice of entree includes a heaping mound of rice plus an egg roll for a side treat. Food was delicious enough for me to want to go back and try other dishes. For now, the Mongolian Beef and MaPo Tofu get my vote!
4	The quickest lunch in town.  We timed it.... 4 minutes from ordering to it arriving.  Not sure if this is good or bad in some people's eyes but good when you are lunching on a work day and need to get back to the office.  The lunch special prices are phenomenal -- I always get the mongolian beef, it's huge and delicious.  You get soup, your meal, rice and an egg roll. All for under 10 bucks (with a drink) and maybe even tax. I love China Chili, something about the colorful disco balls in the giant dining area and the curtness of everyone-- it makes me love it even more.They do takeout too and it's excellent as well!
3	I swung by after a Last Chance session and picked up takeout. It was super duper fast and quite inexpensive. I couldnt wait to tear into the goods when I got home. When i did, I was unimpressed.The lunch special Kung Pao Chicken was filled with gross dark meat chicken "parts" that I didn't even feed to my dog. The shrimp fried rice was overly salty, oddly colored, and not very tasty. I am still on the hunt for a GOOD chinese place here in Phx. This definitely wasn't it.
4	The best shrimp fried rice ever! Not bad for $8. Call in an order and it'll be ready in less then 10 minutes. Service is always great. Your quickly greeted or acknowledged as soon as you walk in
1	I was really craving chinese food today... too bad this place was NOT what I had hoped for. I ordered the orange chicken, fried rice, soup, and crab puffs. The chicken is dry and tasteless (on the menu it said SPICY however it is not spicy or flavorful at all). The rice has no vegetables or anything - it is just flavorless, oil soaked grains. The soup container was LESS THAN HALF FULL and smelled so wretched I couldn't bring myself to taste it. The crab puffs were decent, but not enough to make up for the 15 dollars worth of wasted food. I won't be coming back.
5	Best Chinese food in Phoenix.  I've been going to China Chili since it's original location on Central and Osborn and followed it like many of its fans to its much larger location which accommodates all of its patrons.I don't usually bother writing reviews for places that have over 50 reviews but after reading some of the reviews, I want to set things straight.First of all, I've been to the Chinese Cultural Center and am not a fan whatsoever.  China Chili blows the Cultural Center out of the water.The beauty of China Chili (and only you regulars know this), they will make everything made-to-order.  In other words, if you want white meat only, with just light sauce and medium spice, they will do it just like that and deliver it steaming hot to your table within 5 minutes.  The wait staff, if you get to know them, are extremely nice, kind and so sweet.  They may not be too chatty but don't take it personal. So next time, if you want your Chinese food in a certain way, just ask.  They will give you exactly what you want.
4	Can't say this is the most authentic Chinese fare around.  It is however, dependable and tasty.  The lunch menu comes out in a flash, (parking is horrible) but you can actually get in and out within 40 minutes if you have to.  Dinner again is good, nothing mind blowing but worth a try.  Get a mix of the regular dishes and then try out the less ordered stuff  (i.e. they actually do have a secret menu in Chinese, just point and order if you have to)
4	Great Food very tasty and some unique dishes I'd never seen before like Pillow Chicken!  Large portions and nice presentation on plate.  Open cafeteria style dining room.  Prompt waitresses and waiters...
4	so we wanted Chinese, and decided to eat at the restaurant. What awesome service. We started with the potstickers ($4.95). They were lightly pan fried. Perfectly chewy with a nice crisp on them. Wifey went with her go to dish, the amaaaaazing Singapore rice noodles with BBQ pork and Shrimp (8.95)  This dish is EASILY enough to feed three people. (yes, she brought most of it home) I went with the salt and pepper pork chops. If I could marry chinese food, this would be my bitch. Holy cow. Awesome thin cut pork chops breaded, salted and served with jalapenos and chives. I don't ever ever ever eat fried foods, but these were seriously one of the best chinese pork dishes ever. Overall, great great great. Super stoked that this place is right around the corner.
3	Downtown, want a fast sit down Chinese lunch with a large portion this is an option.The menu is pretty standard item wise. Lunch includes soup a spring roll and white rice. lunches range from 6.95-8.95 plus drink. $1 more for fried rice or brown which seems a bit steep to me.I had the ma po to fu. To fu in a "spicy" sauce with a few veggies. They oped to use a soft tofu making this into almost a soup like dish, firmer is almost allays better with tofu. I asked for mine very spicy and I still had to add allot of chili paste.What I don't get is the interior decorations. It seems to be a mix of pseudo 80's night club meets china. It is nice that you can get your own bill making paying or a large work lunch a breezeIf only the food were better.
5	awesome!!!
4	Best shrimp fried rice I have eaten in a while!
4	I showed up here to meet a couple of coworkers for lunch.  We work in different buildings so we decided to get lunch outside for a Friday treat.  I got there and thought that the only parking they have is the 6 spaces out front.  I learned later you can park all along the side and back of the building.  HA!  We walked in and was quickly greeted and seated.  3 seconds go by and a serve shows up ready to take our drink order.  She came back in like 30 seconds with the drinks.  And asked for our food order.  We were not ready and asked for a few mins.  She looked away from us and walked away.  She did not seem happy we were not ready.  =(  We quickly scanned the lunch menu and made our choices.  She was back in 3 mins. We ordered and she was happily on her way.  =)  I got the house special chicken, I asked for not spicy (SORRY, I am a whimp).  It was tender white meat lightly battered & fried then covered in special garlic sauce and served with a egg roll.  It was a nice garlic sauce (not too garlicy to kill all your coworkers but just a good amount).  The chicken was completed cooked, tender, and juicy.  But before all that we got chicken corn soup, not bad at all.  Food was not too shabby!Overall it was a quick lunch and taste good.  I am a full and happy camper.  Now back to work!!!
4	I ate in and had wonderfully prepared scallops with spicy garlic sauce and the Hong Kong style crispy noodles.  Very authentic and delicious.  Close to getting a five star rating from me except for the limited beer selection.
4	I went here with my dad today for lunch at his suggestion. We got here around 11:45 and this place was hopping! We were sat right away and the very efficient servers came and gave us soup straight away. It was egg drop with chicken, which isn't my favorite, but it was ok. We decided to order some potstickers and an order of Hong Kong style noodles with chicken. It took five minutes for them to bring out the food... wow. The potstickers were really good, and the potsticker sauce was a nice balance of savory and sweet. The noodles were also very good. They were crispy, just like I like them. All of the veggies tasted really good, I could taste each veggies' individual flavor. It had snow peas, broccoli, carrots, and celery. It was all really great. So why four stars? I didn't really like the soup so much, I think it is so lame that restaurants give egg drop soup (In my opinion, it is the worst, and what about people with egg allergies?), and also the sauce on the noodles could have been more flavorful. Overall though, this place was really good, and I wouldn't mind going back here again.
4	My friend and I ended up here by accident but I'm glad we stopped by!  Service is very attentive here, and we were quickly seated.  We ordered the cheese crab puffs and the potstickers.  I'd pass on the cheese puffs, they had a bizarre flavor, that I still can't put my finger on.  The pot stickers were perfect.  I ordered the pepper beef and it was very good.  The red and green peppers were cooked just perfectly so they were not too soft or crisp and the beef was also done just right with the perfect amount of pepper sauce.  It came with white rice, which I'm not use to, since I usually have brown, but that was fine also.  Decor is fine, a little 60's china-ish but it seems to suit the place.  From the diverse crowd that was there last night enjoying themselves, it seems they agree with me.  This place is a hit.
5	This place was delicious. It's what I think of when I remember the chinese food places my mom and dad used to talk us to growing up in the phoenix area. Recently it seems like most of the places are super run down, the service is mediocre, and the products used in the food are down right embarrassing, well China Chilli DELIVERS! Their food was great (Veggie Lo-Main, Spicy Garlic Prawns *i dont know if this is exact name*, and the Fried Tofu special with jalapenos which wasn't bad for somebody who doesnt like Tofu) and the service was above average. The tell tale sign of this place was two things before I ate the food, how clean it was inside (and kinda chinese cheesy) and the parking lot was full when I drove by and when I came back to eat in addition to that there was a constant flow of people ordering take out. If you are in the mood for chinese take-out or to pop in for a quick bite, I would definitely recommend this over any other place around Cen-Pho that I've come across.
3	If you live in central Phoenix and need chinese food, this is a good place to go.  It is a huge restaurant that serves all the normal chinese dishes.  I had the mogolian chicken and added broccoli.  I could have done without all the scallions and onions and would have liked more chicken.  The dish was good and I will probably go back again.
4	I love China Chili. The food is definitely Americanized Chinese, but it's also delicious!Around lunchtime, the frenetic staff buzz about delivering drinks and soups and entrees and checks. You don't really have a waiter as much as you have a zone defense! The lunch menu is consistently good. The service is very, very fast. Considering the large portions, the price is very good.For dinner, the place is calm and quiet and very pleasant. And the dinner menu is enormous. You could probably eat dinner at China Chili every night for 100 days and not have the same dish twice.Great for takeout, too!Some tips:-If you like Orange Chicken, you will absolutely love the way they prepare it at China Chili. Instead of small, battered chunks of mediocre chicken, they batter a whole juicy chicken breast and then serve that sliced and drowning in the orange sauce. I order this dish about 2/3s of the time.-The Salt and Pepper Beef is very good.-Chicken Corn Soup might be my favorite soup ever.Anyway, now I'm hungry for Chinese food. Time to make a China Chili run!
5	Always good! ...Portions are big! ...Great spacious place, lots of tables. ...Always a reliable place for some good Chinese Food!  ;P
4	I have been here a couple of times but I never reviewd it...it is good Chinese!  It is located on 3rd st just south of indian school rd.  It is a huge restaurant...in fact I do not think I have ever been in an authentic Chinese restaurant that is that large in my life...lol...there is plenty of parking on the side and back of the property.  You walk  in you are greeted by the hostess and they will take you to one of the many many tables...this place is always busy because it is very popular.  The servers are on it...they are used to getting people in and out fast because as soon as you sit down they are asking what you would like...didnt bother me because I like to get my food!  hahaha...they have great lunch specials for no more then seven to ten dollars...i like the kung pao shrimp...lots of veggies and the spice is pretty good...the house chicken is good and I enjoyed the mongolian beef when I had it too!  Once you order your food you will get it in like 5 minutes.  It is good food!  I enjoy it and I will be back!
4	I have been here a few times now and the food is pretty good. There are a million options for dishes and what I have had was pretty good. Its not the best Chinese I have ever had but definitely worth a visit.
2	Excellent and fast service during lunch hours. Over priced Mediocre food.
4	Big portions low prices
3	i wasgoing to give this place a much higher rating until i read the latest county health score in the arizona republic on august  26, 2011. the restaurant was tagged with four critical violations, an unacceptable mark. just the week before, i was with a foodie group that immensely enjoyed the aromas and tastes of the various soups, appetizers and entrees we shared. and a large glass rotating plate in the middle of the large round table made it easy for us to try all the dishes we ordered. i enjoyed the sizzling rice soup. thought the corn chowder a bit bland. portions were enourmous, as were the shrimp in the dishes we ordered which included  fried rice, and a spicy sauce. two of the group ordered orange chicken. not a favorite of mine. but they liked it quite a bit. so, if this place can take care of keeping in clean, and maintain the high standards and ingredients they use to cook their dishes, it will be a top neighborhood hangout. but health comes first, and i will not be going back until i see the next score and hope there is improvement.
5	I love this place! I've been here a few times now with co-workers, and everytime I come, I leave with leftovers and content with my experience.The service is great and fast (important for those on a time budget), the food is really good, I enjoy the Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Chicken, and the prices are very affordable - $6 to $8 for the lunch special. It's definitely worth a try!
4	I love this restaurant. It's a favorite locale for my husband's family and I love going to dinner with them here. It's always a very positive experience. My favorite part is the lazy susan centerpiece. We all order our own plate and have it placed in the center. Everyone shares and we all get a bit of everything. It makes for a very diverse meal. I love their boiled wanton soup here. It has just the right bit of kick. I crave this like crazy and can't get enough. I love any of their shrimp dishes and often order shrimp chow-mein. I also highly recommend their orange chicken. It's among the best that I've ever tasted. It definitely beats Panda Express.The environment is casual and friendly. There's always a buzz of conversation, but its never overly loud. The staff are really great and will have a drink refill on the table for you before you're even halfway done with the first one. It's very clean and well decorated. This place certainly attracts a crowd, but you wouldn't know it from the great service. It's definitely a perfect place for large families. You get incredible food for a very affordable price and the somewhat calm environment allows a great opportunity to socialize.
3	So I heard this was the best Chinese place in Phoenix. I hope not. PROS: The staff is efficient. They are on point from entry to exit.The place is very large and can accommodate tons of guests. I went after the lunch rush and there were just a handful of people in there.The tallest soda cups. Quick Service. My food is was out in less than 5  minutes after ordering. I ordered the Orange Chicken. It's always good to try the popular dish at the new place to see how they prepare it.Cons: It did not look very appeasing to the eye. It sorta looked just slopped together. Presentation is key with me.WAAAAAYYYY too saucey! The chicken and rice were drowned in the sauce. I could not even finish it.Maybe I need to try another dish or maybe just order the sauce on the side next time, but I'm still looking for the best Chinese food in Phoenix.
4	Wow, that was good Chinese food.  I went at lunch and the place was packed and took about ten minutes to get a table.  The prices were a bit high but you get a ton of food.  Service was good... the staff are all Asian, they want to get you in and out fast which is great...  I'll be back
5	I would say this is the best Chinese food I've had so far in Phoenix area. Have eaten twice, though both times take out, when having dinner with friends who live close to the restaurant. The honey walnut prawns are really tasty, and my other favorite was their eggplant. So delicious!  I wish they were not so far from where we live or I'd go back more often.
3	Yeah not so bad Chinese food, big portions, family style.  The service, does not go out of their way but does their job very well.  This would be a classic 3 and a half stars.  I like plates that come out sizzling from the heat.  This is a nice place to have a larger group sit down and eat family style.Look for their sign off 3rd st.
5	Woohoo Chinese food!  Found out about this place from neighbors.  It's close enough to walk from my new condo.  Great service.  Once you step inside you get the feeling that you are in San Francisco for Chinese dining.  We loved the walnut fried prawns and the chicken curry!  This will be my new go-to place for Chinese food (dine in and take out).  China Chili, I'm glad you're nearby.
4	This is one of the best places to get Chinese food. I have lived in San Francisco and have had some of the best Chinese food there. You must try the szechuan prawns. They are one of the best dishes like no other and so very delicious, and my favorite when I eat here. I cannot say I am very fond of the service. They tend to move like stealth waiters, all of a sudden out of nowhere they are right at your side taking something off your table. It may seem like the are trying to hurry you out but I do not believe that is their intention. I just ignore them until I am full and ready to leave. One other favorite is the orange chicken I highly recomend them for their food.
3	I wish there were half stars with yelp because I would give this one a 3.5.  While the food was pretty good, and the service was fast.  It seemed very frantic and pushy.  Good food just not the place you want to go unless you are in a hurry.
4	The food here is really good. They somehow make green beans and tofu delicious. Miracles never ends.  Their orange chicken is the best I've ever had (no hint of that nasty ketchup flavor you get a some places) and the sizzling rice soup...there are no words.
4	The orange chicken is great. This place is always packed.
5	Great service and food was amazing. I got the Mongolian beef lunch special. The portion was enormous and I took half of it with me (cold Chinese food makes a great snack.) The Mongolian beef was perfectly spicy. The hot and sour soup was delicious as well... And they gave me a free refill on it too. My drink was never more than halfway empty and I felt like I was being treated like a king. I will definitely be going back.
4	They have good lunch specials, but your options are more limited than at dinner time.I have had the pleasure of trying almost everything on their menu, as I have been going here for years. Good quality, HUGE portions, but the servers can make you feel rushed to order and pay sometimes. They're open pretty late on Friday and Saturday, 10pm, so that's nice if you live downtown since most places close when the sun goes down. My favorite items- The house chicken, chicken corn chowder soup, pillow chicken,  ma po tofu, sizzling rice soup, black pepper beef, and the sichuan prawns. I'm sure you could find chinese food of this quality in almost every city, so I don't know if I would make a special trip to eat here. But if you're in the area, I highly recommend stopping in for a bite.
1	awful, food was not good, people with me got sick and will not go there again.
4	Wow! what a great meal last night. Kinda nervous to go back after being there a cpl of years ago for lunch and not loving it. BUTTTTT 2 words: Boiled Wontons. Order these and u will prob crave them for days. Spicy broth with boiled wontons in a light peanut sauce. I also ordered my fave, Peking duck. Very impressed with the quality and will be going back more. They do bring the food out superman fast so you kinda feel rushed but other than that, i see why they are sooo packed.
4	The food here is better than run-of-the-mill Chinese/Asian, but what really sets it apart is the speed of service.  My friends and I laugh that the staff is almost clairvoyant, because your food will arrive just about the second you finish ordering it.  I particularly like the Orange Chicken, because the sauce and the breading seem very home-made, not processed.   The only downside to its popularity and speed of service is there can be a wait for seating during the lunch hour.
3	My friend called and wanted to meet for lunch.  I was at Salon Embellish, getting a cut from the awesome Dionne.  I was also on my bike, as per usual!  I did a quick Yelp search to scope out prospects in the immediate area that would be bike-able.  My friend agreed that we'd often talked about China Chili, so we agreed to meet there.  It took me 5 minutes to bike there; I beat my friend by 15-20 minutes.  There is a sad lack of bicycle parking; I ended up locking up to the fence in a designated fire lane.  Businesses with a bike rack automatically earn an extra star from me!The restaurant is old-school Chinese restaurant.  It's very clean and comfortable.  There are parking and entrances in the front and the back, which is a big plus for a central city business.We ordered the crab puffs, sweet & sour prawns, and pork mu shu.  We were satisfied with each of these items.  The menu is large and varied; I will most likely return again to try other items.  Located on 3rd St. in central Phoenix, this place is easy for me to access on my bicycle.
3	After failing miserably in Scottsdale trying to get decent Chinese food two days ago, I drove 30 minutes to China Chili last night.  I ordered the same dishes that I had two days ago (stir-fried noodles and dumplings) because I seriously wanted to compare the food.  My reaction: It was pretty good.  In comparison to the food from couple of days ago, this could have been labelled as being great.  However, considering that I spent my teenage years working at an awesome Chinese restaurant to pay for my SUV that I rolled off the interstate, I cannot say that this was the best Chinese food that I have ever had.   I'm also a bit of a snob when the dish contains any type of noodles. The noodles I got yesterday were too overcooked and drowned in oil.  It had a good balance of flavor, but again, I don't want to be drinking vegetable oil by spoonfuls either, you know?  The meat and the seafood were in good size and cooked well, so kudos for that.  I would go back to try some different dishes, but the overall content of the menu seemed quite general to me.   I'm still on the hunt for the best semi-Americanized-Chinese restaurant in the valley yet again this week.
5	Temporal cooking at its best! I can't remember how many times I've ordered and the food was out before the water was... you definitely get a LOT of food for the price, and everything I have tried has been awesome.
4	My husband and another friend went for an early dinner on a Sunday. We were there by 5pm and the place was already hopping! When you order the dinner for 2+, you get a delicious chilled chicken salad, a choice of soup & some of the best crab puffs in town. My friend and I enjoyed the Chicken w/ Snow Peas & Walnut Shrimp. No complaints! Hot, fresh and plenty to take home for lunch at work the next day. My husband enjoyed the Sweet & Sour Chicken. Big pieces of moist, white chicken. We drove from 1-17 and the Carefree Hwy to check this place out. Well worth the trip!
2	I was dissatisfied with this place after reading all the rave reviews. We ordered for 3. Pork fried rice, lemon chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.Pork fried rice was way over-cooked. Chewy flavorless pork and little rice rocks were in abundance. It really had no flavor at all. It is hard to mess up this dish, but somehow, they did. Sweet and sour chicken. When you open the container and the veg is burnt, we have a problem. Hard over battered and over fried pieces of dry chicken were placed strategicly throughout the box. The sauce... well its sauce alright. Ketchup based. Thick. Gooey. Snot like sauce.Lemon chicken was ok. Not great, but not bad either. Good bits of chicken. Ok flavor. Sauce was so so. Overall the best of the 3.Recommendations... go to Mu Shu instead. See the owner there. His name is Gary, he will give you real food. Eat it and be happy. Without the (insert pun here) afterwards.
3	I've driven by this restaurant for decades and always wanted to check it out..So took 2 of my friends there last Friday night and was not disappointed by my meal. The decor is very dated and it looks like any generic family run Chinese/Asian restaurant. The staff was attentive and friendly. Usually I don't order appetizers or soup before my meal but we ordered a large bowl of the egg drop soup which was very good. I ordered Singapore Rice Noodles and was very happy with the entree. All in all it was a good experience, my friends who went with me eat there at least once a week.  The best part is the food is relatively inexpensive, our meal was $32 for the 3 of us, you can't go wrong with that.
4	China Chili, is quite possibly, one of the best Chinese food resteraunts you'll find in Phoenix.  I've been to a couple of places in the Chinese Cultural Center Plaza (the closest thing to a "China-town" you'll find in Phoenix),  but I still am drawn to China Chili.  There service is fabulous and the food consistent.   We started our meal with a Chinese beer and appetizers (potstickers, and Veggie-rolls).   The orange-chicken meal was fabulous and all the servings are for two, possibly three people (i.e. easily shared).  I also tried the Sweet and Sour Chicken....so tender and yummy.We never feel rushed or packed in.  We were there on a Friday night and there was a steady stream of customers, but the service or experience did not suffer.  Highly recommend.
5	Pretty good food. Shows up hot & fast and the service was some of the best I've had. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
4	Went here for a lunch date....both impressed. I had the orange chicken, J-Luv had the lemon chicken. I liked his better though....and luckily he learned well in kinder that sharing is caring! Keeper, right? Loved it! Big lunch sizes, and they come with egg rolls and soup. Going back and it is in my neighborhood! :)
3	I was told this is some of the best Chinese food in Phoenix. It doesn't really compare to what you can find in LA, but for Phoenix, it's a definitely thumbs up. My favorite dish here was probably the least Chinese dish of all - chicken salad. I'd get that again for sure - in Phoenix or LA!
5	Excellent service, you are always greeted at the door and never have to ask to a refill. Great Chinese food in general, comes out quick for those in a hurry. Also, I am more willing to drive across town just for their boiled wonton spicy peanut soup - phenomenal
4	Came in with my co-workers a few times and had to write a review.  This place just blew me away.  The amount of good food you get for such a small price was shocking.  My order of Mongolian Beef was practically falling off the plate and after everything including tip I only forked up $10.  Place is quick as well which is a big plus for lunch hour plans.Highly recommend this place for anyone working near the Capitol.
5	He a group of six, all we very happy. We all ordered different items and appetizers and had to bring home food. Portions are large and service was great.
4	The Salt and Pepper flounder is amazing.  The egg drop soup is amazing as well.
4	On a Friday night restaurant was busy, but the service was top drawer. Food was very good and we will be back. Prices reasonable.
4	Had the hot & spicy Sichuan Prawns, expecting too hot, but had the right kind of spice! Yum, yum, yummy. Wish the would Chinese Fried Chicken more often, last time I tried to order, they had run out, so had crispy duck. It was good, but still wish it was crispy chicken...LOL
2	Food is typical of Phoenix Chinese food, very boring. After everything I'd heard of the place, I was expecting alot more.  Was hoping for  along the lines of San Fran, or NYC, , but no such luck. Will not be back. I agree that portions were big and food was delivered fast, but doesn't make a difference if the food isn't good.
4	Some friends of ours brought us to this place a few days ago.  The food was amazing.  We ordered the Phoenix platter for four people, which gave a salad, appetizer, soup, and about four or five different meals....all of which, awesome.  The food was delicious and fast.  The prawn rolls were my favorite.  Looking forward to going back and trying other things.  My friends who brought us here told us that they have tried nearly everything on the menu and haven't had anything bad there....it's all been great.
4	Wanting to go to a Chinese restaurant that wasn't a buffet, I stopped by China Chili in Central Phoenix. The inside is a vast room filled with beautiful chandelier lighting and stunning Chinese artwork. Looked pretty fancy for the price, so it's a good choice to take someone special with the apperance you have money. I asked for a small table in the back corner to eat in peace among the sparse group of younger and older people present. Menu was quite large, with a deep selection of various choices. I was feeling seafood tonight, so I went with the Kung Pao Calamari which according to the menu is spicy and hot. Faster than I could say Toa chie, the dish arrived. No joke, the server walked into the kitchen and the food came out in about 2 minutes. That's insane and impressive. The Kung Pao Calamari in presentation was great and looked delicious on the oval plate. Red, green bell peppers, cucumbers, peanuts and of course the calamari. Scooped up some calamari with various bits of vegetables and upon first impression it was quite good, although the calamari was fairly rubbery more than what I'm used to. The chewing went on longer than I was hoping. Good nonetheless and acceptable. Portion of food was more than adequate with a side of rice as is customary. I did not sense any spiciness to the food which I found disappointing as I do love a little kick in my seafood. I'd honestly like to try something else next time I come here. I sense the potential here.Overall, China Chili for the price and the atmosphere it's worth it. I would actually rate this place if I was able, close to 3 and half stars as the food wasn't as dynamic as the more upscale authentic places I've been to but then again I didn't expect that either. If you want Chinese food that has a little more class that doesn't kill your paycheck check out China Chili.
4	My cousin took me here...delicious! Get the dumplings- amazing!
5	I've been hunting for a place like this since I moved to Phoenix in 98'.  My wife and I ate here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Nothing fancy on the inside or outside but the service and the food are great.  My wife and I shared a plate of the Orange Chicken and a plate of the Mongolian Beef.  They were both great!  Within a minute of ordering, we had the egg drop soup in front of us.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but above average.  You can't get better service either.  Looking forward to going back!
4	DECENT LUNCH MENU. The interior is festive and well decorated. Its legit chinese.My husband and I went here for a lunch date. The thing that was MOST impressive to me was the lighting-fast service. We both ordered from the lunch specials menu (which included and entree, rice, eggroll and hot & sour soup for about $7.50). As soon as we placed our order, the soup was at our table. Our drinks never ran low. Our main meal was out in about 5 minutes. It was FAST! The meal itself was good (not SUPERB, but good.). I LOVED the hot & sour soup. I tried the lemon chicken dish and my husband got the orange chicken lunch dish (both good. i liked his orange chicken better). I wish that on the lunch menu they offered some side dishes. -- i would have enjoyed some veggies or tofu options. None of that is listed on the lunch menu. It seems like the dinner menu is a LOT more comprehensive and offers more family style service, but i wasn't sure if they only offered that menu in the evenings, or if you could order from the dinner menu any time.Good for a relatively inexpensive lunch meal. I would love to go back some time in the evening to experience the dinner menu. It looked like there were a lot of tasty dishes worth trying.
3	This place is OK. Nothing above the ordinary, but not below average either.The food is good, the service so so . I have heard so many good things about this place that maybe I was dissapointed when I was not overly impressed with it.Very little parking, bathroom is clean.Food comes out nice and hot and the tea is decent. The place could use a bit of a shine up for sure. Prices are good though. I would go back for sure.
3	I have gone there a few times now because friends have chosen it.  The food is ok.  It is very inconsistent on taste and the look of the meals.  Prices are reasonable for what you get.  Always seem to run into people I know there so others do seem to like it more than I do!
5	Best orange chicken! They use strips of chicken breast with a thin batter. The orange sauce has a tang to it. All-time favorite! I get take-out so I really can't rate the service but they are fast.
5	Food exceeded expectations. Waitress was quietly attentive. We are discerning Chinese diners and will definitely come back.  Spicy Hunan Tofu very nice!
5	I went here after seeing all the good reviews. It lives up to expetations. Kung pao chicken and mongolian beef were delicious. The staff was out quick and served quick. I'll certainly be back.
5	Good authentic Chinese Food, just need to know what dishes to order and to ask for spicy or non spicy. Good Peking Duck, House Special Chow Mein and Tofu with Cha Sui. Very busy during lunch with downtown customers where they will seat you in a table to share with others.Service is always good and prompt with good prices. Pretty clean for a Chinese Restaurant, you will not be disappointed.
2	I have eaten in restaurant only a handful of times.  The service is friendly but lacking.  Now, I only eat here if it is catered at work and even then if I haven't brought my lunch into the office.  The vegetables are always overcooked, mushy and taste oily.  The chicken is always over done.  The beef is gristly and flavorless.  The sauces on the food, and the ones on the side, are gloppy and thick, often oily and often flavorless.  The egg rolls are small and greasy, maybe they need to drain them more before serving?  The good parts:  I don't pay for the lunch when it is catered at work, but like I said...I still only eat this if I didn't bring my own lunch for some reason and the fortune cookies!
5	A truly authentic Chinese restaurant.The Boiled won tons are outstanding.We also ordered the Singapore noodles ,equally as good.The lettuce leaves are wonderful. In fact almost every dish is worthy of praise. Service is good. The wine list is fairly priced . Also worth mentioning,  it is a kid friendly Restaurant.
4	China Chili is not only a 4, it is a very solid 4. I was on my way back to the West Valley, from the East Valley, and did a search on my beloved Yelp for a highly rated Chinese Food joint that was on the way. China Chili kept appearing. We called in the take out order, and it was finished before I arrived. We ordered the House Chicken, Spicy Garlic Eggplant, Kung Pao Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Fried Shrimp. And... BAM! It was bomb!The House Chicken was delicious. Garlic-y, with little bit of spicyness to it, and a very subtle nuttyness to it from the oil in the wok. Great texture, great smell... It was fantastic.I'm not an Eggplant fan, but my gf is, and she ordered it. She said the Eggplant was a 3.5. Good, but not the best she'd ever had.   The Kung Pao... Again, a very good dish. If there was a complaint, it was that it was a tad heavy on the zucchini in the dish, which was just a tad overcooked. It changed the texture in the dish in an obvious way.Mongolian Beef. NOM NOM! Perfect. Great flavor, great texture. Very happy with the dish. The Breaded Shrimp was perfect. I can only handle so much fried shrimp. Tried one, and it was spot on. This was a perfect way to end a 15 hour day.
4	We went this past Saturday with my sister-in-law and her husband.  She works in the area and suggested we go to dinner here. I was extremely pleased with our meal.  We started with Egg Rolls, Pot Stickers and Boiled Won Tons.  The egg rolls were crispy and flavorful, the pot stickers were plump and the filling was delish, but the star for me was the boiled won tons.  I have never had anything like them, They were packed full of meat and served in this savory peanut flavored broth. My sister-in-law was a little wary of trying one, but she did and concurred that they were quite good.  She is not the most adventurous eater so that is really saying something!For our main courses we  shared Mongolian Beef, Peking Shrimp, Salt and Pepper Shrimp, and Sichuan Beef.  The Mongolian Beef was tender and seasoned perfectly, The Peking Shrimp had a spicy red sauce the had a little tang to is and was served with snow peas (nice and crunchy not over cooked) and onions.  The salt and pepper shrimp were fried with a nice light batter that was salty but not over done and the jalapeno peppers were just right.  The Sichuan  Beef was my least favorite, I thought the sauce made the batter a little soggy but I really liked that sauce so was still a good dish.The portions are huge, I was full after the appetizers as were my dinner companions, so we took a lot of our dinner home, and it tasted great the next day.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  I especially appreciated that she boxed up our leftovers instead of just dropping off some boxes at the table.From the outside the restaurant doesn't really look like much, a sand colored stucco building, but inside it is furnished and decorated nicely, the tables are spaced  so that you don't feel crowded and the lighting was bright but not overly so.My only complaint would be that their tofu dishes had meat in them so there weren't as many vegetarian options as I would have like to have seen.  I didn't get a chance to ask if they can adjust them for vegetarians, but will the next time I go and before I take any of my veggie buddies there.
3	The orange chicken is very popular with my coworkers. In fact, some would eat there everyday if they could. I think their food is mediocre at best although they give very large portions and their service is very, very fast.
4	I consider this place to be one of Phoenix's hidden gems! The service here is always great and fast! I am a creature of habit when it comes to this place. I always get the house chow fun and hot and sour soup, both are amazing!I have also been here a couple times for lunch. The dishes are great for lunch portions. Definitely check out this place if you haven't before!
1	Seriously, people giving this place high reviews? When we went here last, the chicken was dry and had a burnt coating that slid right off. And it was somewhat temperate in the middle, confirming my suspicion that this was made earlier and then just re-fried, cut, and served. I don't think any restaurant should get any stars when they just open a can or packet (yes, I'm talking about the vegetables and sauces) and mix with pre-cooked meat. That IS NOT good Chinese food. As someone who has lived where there are actual Chinatowns (Boston and San Francisco), I know what very good Chinese food is, and this place certainly is not.Oh, and the lighting. Who said that bright, overhead lighting creates a pleasant atmosphere for dining? I have yet to find a Chinese restaurant here in the Phoenix area that actually puts together fresh ingredients from scratch. If anyone knows of one, please let me know.
5	We love this place! When compared to the other places in Phoenix, China Chili is at the top.  My favorite is the Black Pepper Sizzling Beef. Pork Imperial Sauce is also a favorite. Service is good and friendly.
4	We always call in for take out and the order is always ready with in 10 minutes. Great, fresh and hot is the best way to describe this place. Over 4 years of coming here we have only been disappointed once. Not a bad record.
4	I'm not surprised to see the wide variance in the ratings for China Chili, to be fair they tend to be incomsistent. It has been a staple for us going back 15 years to their location on Central. We have visitors from SF, Vancouver, NY, LA who are consistently amazed to find Chinese food of this quality in Phoenix. Even if they are the best of Phoenix on a good day, they are not rivals for the 5 stars in those towns though. Here's a few tips for getting the most out of China Chile. Don't do take out. Always get a soup, hot n sour is our favorite. Chicken Salad is special. They never miss on spring rolls and pot stickers. Honey walnut prawns get my luv one Jonesing to go there. Orange chicken and orange beef have not disappointed. Noodles have. Chow fun or chow mein should be on your order. They do shell fish superbly, especially scallops. Whole fish is a mixed bag some great, some not so. The pork chops and chashu are a bit dry for my taste. Special menus on the whole have been disappointing. It's boom or bust, but if they offer seared beef tenderloin take the risk. One night I'm raving to fiends about how good it is, at the same time a guy at an adjacent table is complaining to the manager about the very same dish. That's China Chile.
1	I have been a regular at China Chili for over 10 years. Sadly once they moved to the new location on 3rd Street and Flower their quality has been deteriorating.  Went recently for lunch and ordered the Mongolian Beef and Beef Foo Young and both were awful, no taste, no flavor and very sub standard.  The prices have gone up the quality is shameful.I think that the Orange Chicken is possibly their best item right now but sadly did not have it.  Thought I would explore to other dishes but never again.Not sure I will be back, possibly for lunch for the Orange Chicken. With so many other choices of Asian Food.. this local favorite has not kept up its quality.
3	Went for my third time its good, but my food was not as hot and it had of a funny taste.
5	Love love love China Chili. We've been searching for a good Chinese food place for years ever since our old standby closed down and we've finally located a winner! My favorite is the Mongolian chicken, crab puffs, and fried rice. The service is prompt and the place is huge and comfortable. One of our new favorites!
3	Maybe I'm jaded from all the places I've traveled to and lived in, but I honestly didn't see the big deal about this restaurant.  True, their appetizers are decent and the Hot and Sour soup tasty.  But the main dishes we had -- Garlic Eggplant and a half duck -- both very highly recommended by other reviewers, were mediocre at best.  I suspect most Americans wouldn't know "real" Chinese if they saw it  and this restaurant perpetuates the myth, that what they serve is actual Chinese food  (after bringing a friend to a Chinese restaurant off of Northern (Wahsun), which makes real Chinese food, he was shocked to taste what real Chinese food is).  Most of the dishes at China Chili are overly salty and/or sweet  (to be fair though, as a diabetic, I usually avoid both, so I might be overly sensitive on that point).  The service is indeed excellent and friendly.  My biggest complaint was the party of 15 Latinos sitting next to us celebrating a birthday, who apparently think it's okay to have screaming children ruin everyone else's night.  But that's not the restaurant's fault, since machine gunning guests is (still) illegal and there was nothing they could do about it.In summary, the food here is okay, with the appetizers being their strong suit.  I've tasted much better in the Valley and don't really think this place deserves all the hype it gets.  Then again, there ARE a lot worse Chinese restaurants out here, so this may be your best bet.  It doesn't hurt either, that they're open till 10pm; a remarkable exception in a city, where the norm is to close at 8pm or 9, even on weekends and which, of course, is ridiculous for a "major" city.I truly recommend "Wahsun" in Phoenix, if you want to try real Chinese food.  I think most people would be surprised to discover how very different it is from what they're used to.  The food takes some getting used to, but once you get into it, you'll never go back to China Chili or their colleagues.
3	Took my daughters here, so the adventures were already going to be limited.Ordered the pot stickers, which were delicious.We ordered beef, chicken, and pork chow mein, and shared it amongst us.The dishes were large, and delicious.The spicy relish they provide on the table is amazing.I have been wanting to go here, and I'm glad I did. I will probably be back.
4	China Chili is pretty decent on the side of american chinese food. Hubby and I went around 8:30p and ordered, good service, delicious food. If we happen to be in the area , will def go eat again!
5	I love this place! Wish my work was still close to it because I'd eat there at least once a week for lunch.  Their lunch specials are so inexpensive!  We're talking $5-$6 a plate which includes the entree, rice and a cup of soup.  Can't get better than that.  Their service during lunch is amazingly fast.  That way if you only have an hour for lunch, you're in and out with time to spare. My most recent review is when 14 of my friends and I went to China Chili for dinner.  We actually planned on going to Gallo Blanco but it was almost a 2 hour wait to accommodate our party.  So off to China Chili we went and there was no wait to boot!  We ordered the peking duck, mongolian beef, house chow mein, fried rice, walnut shrimp, peking pork chops, crispy noodles, ma po tofu...and really, that's all I can remember.  Some of the guys also had beers and sake.  I can't think of one dish that I did not like.  This place does NOT disappoint.  After stuffing our faces, we were delighted that our bill, plus tax and gratuity ended up being $10 a person.  What a deal!!!I am a huge fan of China Chili!
5	You want great chinese food with good prices and service this place is the real deal!! Came here last night everything was on point from the food to service to prices would definetly recommend
4	Yummy! Veggie egg rolls are excellent - really interesting, complex flavor. Egg flower soup is full of vegetables and is a lot heartier than I expected.Lemon chicken is pretty good - not terribly exciting, but not bad by any means. The ma po tofu is really good with a nice, spicy kick.I'll definitely give China Chili another go round and try out other menu items.
5	Great Chinese Food! Real Chicken served fresh unlike the double fried chicken you get at most places. Highly recommend.
4	This place is addicting, I've been coming here for years and I can count 2 times that the food hasn't been up to par, other than that, it's always fresh, fast and great tasting.Their prices did increase when the move occurred but I think most people expected it, their previous location was bursting at the seams.
4	Really good OC
4	Go there for lunch about twice a week.  Portions are great and the service is very good too.  Their food is also very good and different in some cases where I've been pleasantly surprised.  Will continue going there and will recommend.
1	My first review of China Chili was 4 stars. After today's experience I am down to 1 star. I had Kung Pao Chicken and my wife had Lemon Chicken. I like it spicey but this was just sour. I had to leave it. My wife enjoyed her Lemon Chicken but 1 1/2 hours later became sick to her stomach. I wonder if anyone else had a similar experience there today. We have been there several times and were always pleased with everything. This was the first time we had this type of experience. Service was good, food was not.
5	Absolutely love this place! Try the orange chicken and the chicken corn chowder soup... It's amazing!
5	This was one of the best Chinese Restaurant experiences I've ever had...everything was delicious...there were dishes there I've never seen offered before. This was my first time there but will definitely eat here again when in Phoenix!
4	I like china Chili..Definitely would come back. I always end up going here maybe 1 every two months. I like specific dishes they have here. Chicken Salad  and Salt and Peppered pork. definitely order those if i come...mostly because it is a craving. I can't turn down jalapenos. :)
4	Always solid. My kid's favorite for sit-down or take-out classics. We stopped here on Saturday afternoon with friends who had never been. My daughter had (as always) beef chow fun. Fat rice noodles, tons of scallions and onions. Just a big ol' plate of comfort food. Sweet & sour chicken for her friend, who loved it. We shared a delicious salt & pepper shrimp dish, some hot & sour soup and crispy that was as good as I've had anywhere. Bonus points to the server for taking the time to speak in Mandarin with my daughter's friend, who is 2 years into learning to speak the language.
4	It's very hard to find decent Chinese food in Phoenix and this place is your standard fare. The house chicken and vegetable chow mein were very good as well as the vegetable spring roll. They're set up in what looks like a banquet hall which is a little weird at first but I do like how open it is. Definitely come with a group and order a few plates to share. We couldn't finish the two dishes between us - tons of left overs!
1	NASTY! I have lived in Phoenix now for 7 years and have been searching and searching for an up to standard Chinese food restaurant (specifically Sesame Chicken)... and thought I would give this place a try after reading the reviews. Another disappointment. The lunch menu is tiny, they didn't even know what Sesame chicken was and my food came out in literally 1 minute which makes me think they have a vat of it sitting in the kitchen pre-made. My  mom ordered the sweet & sour prawns and we were both surprised she could even take a bite to try it... just looked plain nasty. The soup was disgusting and offered no choice besides the "soup of the day" nasty vegetable eggdrop and I have never before see some of the things that were cooked inside the eggroll. Scary. Guessing I will just give up on my search and have to fly into NYC or California for a plate, thank god I am a flight attendant and can do so! Such a disappointment Phoenix Chinese food restaurants are, how is there not ONE good go-to? You Phoenicians have no standards when writing these reviews, I will never yelp another Chinese place and take the locals words for it's rating. Pei-Wei it is, unforunately :-(
5	Nice place. Close to my work and people are really good and the service is really fast. I personally like the mangolia beef.
1	I stumbled across this place when I heard 'chile' for the name of this est.. Well, to cut this short; I am a spicy fave type of guy. I didnt experience any 'CHILE let alone some black pepper for my black pepper chicken.  Had i wanted some dry chicken calamari imposture whatever it was I wouldve payed for the real thing, this est. upset me and I threw it, what they tried to feed me, in the trash. THIS PLACE WAS A DISSAPOINTMENT. I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. Even if they dared try to redeem what happened.
3	Best not to order the Sesame Chicken, it's unrecognizable and bland. Also they have a House Specialty Chicken that a staff member likened to General Tao's chicken~ it was terrible, we didn't even bring it home for the dogs. A friend recommended the chicken corn chowder, and while she seemed happy, no one else @ our table (of 8) liked it. The crab puffs sucked. And while I'm complaining they have no egg rolls on the menu, only spring, and they don't have crispy noodles. I didn't like their sweet & sour sauce either, too runny, dripping out of bottles, you couldn't get enough of it to stay on the food. We got the last parking space (upon our arrival @ 6:30pm) although there were only 6 seated tables. Naturally, waiting for someone to leave so you can park is less than ideal.On the other hand they have wonderful potstickers, perfect potsticker sauce too. We were also VERY happy with the Mongolian Beef. They have a chicken dish called "pillows", I know it sounds strange, but It's good~ I spooned the potsticker sauce inside, yum.
3	Food was average. Service was GREAT!... The only memorable thing was: Open on 12/25
4	China Chili is great when you want good food FAST.  I don't know how they get their food out so quickly, but it's pretty awesome - especially when you only have an hour lunch break.  I came here for lunch with my co-workers during the lunch rush and we all got our food within ten minutes of ordering.  I also came and ordered to-go after work one day and my food was also ready within ten minutes.On top of being fast, the quality is there too.  I ordered the seafood blossom soup and it had nice chunks of shrimp and scallop in it and wasn't just all broth.  I also ordered the mapo tofu, which I really liked.  I can't say that its truly "authentic" Chinese food, but it's really tasty and I'll definitely be back!
4	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  Love the calamari.  Lunch specials are great and cheap.
5	This is my go to spot for Chinese food. It's always fresh and yummy. I typically get the orange chicken with rice. The chicken is white breast meat and not prepared the typical deep fried way. Also their soups are good. Everything is always great and super fast takeout!
5	I've been coming here for years and it's always a must stop when I'm visiting family in Arizona.The House Special Chicken is one of my all time favorite dishes and it always tastes the same. No corners being cut at this place. I love China Chili. Seriously, I LOVE China Chili!
5	The lunch menu is all 7.95. The Kung pao dishes are all great. service is top level. Awesome and consistent food top to bottom on the menu. I come here every year with my wife from Alaska. This is one of our mandatory stops while in Phoenix.
4	Yummy!! We got the house special and orange chicken and seriously, it was good. Big thick white meat slices, very impressed. They give u an option of the degree of heat, we got medium. It was good, but if I go when someone that likes a bit of heat, def going for hot! Orange chicken sauce isn't your typical orange panda express flavour, so don't go in expecting that, it has a hint of brown sugar as well as the smell of it. I love jasmine rice and really liked that they served that. Will def be back to try other items on the menu
4	Always excellent. I reserve 5 stars for anything that wows me. I should give China Chili 5 stars because they're always reliable. It's a good good spot for transplanted East Coasters like me who like Chinese comfort food without an overgrease laden spoon. Love that they know how to pack mushu to go, no added instructions or confusion. Meat & seafood are always fresh, well cooked. Vegan dishes are just that, vegan. No muss, no fuss. The chef can make a dish to order if it's not available on the menu!!! We keep going back for: hot & sour, YuShang, Salt & Pepper, old standards. Their specials are great.  We always try a dash of anything different than what you can't get anywhere else and have not been disappointed yet. Overall very happy we found this gem in the desert!
5	My favorite is the orange chicken! It's quick & inexpensive... with a far higher quality then you might expect judging from the price!
5	Best egg roles.
5	Fresh, fast, reasonably priced, and flavorful! No complaints and would recommend to anyone!
4	yet again, we are spoiled with such a great spot so close to home. we have been coming here for 5 years now, and it never lets down. CC is the closest to the east coast style Chinese i grew up with in NJ here in phx, and everything we have tried is delicious! affordable, accomodating, only warninig is that the best stuff here is all fried- not the place to come on your well-behaved days. if you are ok with getting stuffed, grab some pot stickers, fried prawns and the salt-and-pepper pork, then go home and take a nap. grab a bowl of boiled wontons for later!
2	Went on Tuesday with a few people from work. 3 out of the 4 people that went were out with food poisoning having the worst nights of their life. Somewhere between the Sweet & Sour Pork and Lemon Chicken only I remained safe with some decent Sweet & Sour Chicken.
4	Let start of saying I used to live in Beijing and chengdu for 10 years so I feel I know Chinese food very well. This is not the food they eat in China, But it is delicious American Chinese food! I read a lot of of the reviews here on yelp. All were pretty much spot on. The pot stickers we really great. Huge and crispy on one side. We came because of the check please review this weekend of this place. We knew from that that we should try the Orange chicken. Very good. The sauce was just right,  not to thick not to thin. We also had the Sichuan green beans. Good but we have had far better at the really authentic Sichuan resturant in Phoenix at the Sechwan Palace at the chinese cultural center. We also had the Mongolian beef that a another yelper had suggested. The best dish we had. Finally we had the veggie fried rice. I thought it was ok but my wife thought it was not good.
4	Went in for lunch the other day and had the Mongolian Beef, House Chow Mein and Boiled Won Ton. All of them were very good and the service was ridiculously quick with refills, etc. Would like to go back and try some of the other dishes.
2	I have tried this place 4 times because its supposed to be good but each time the food has been less than mediocre.  Ive tried 4 different basic items from the lunch menu and they were all equally flavorless.
5	Best Chinese in Phoenix hands down. The hot and spicy prawns are a must and so are the house chow fun noodles.
4	Very good soup for starters, place is packed so I can expect everything else to be good to.
5	We tried China Chili for the first time this past Monday with my family, after hearing about it from friends and family for a long time.  The place did not disappoint.  It is clean, spacious, and nicer than some of the other Chinese food dives that we love to frequent.  The service was fast and attentive.  We ordered the following: West Lake soup, honey walnut prawns, beef chow fun (dry), sesame chicken, mongolian beef, house fried rice, garlic green beans with tofu and Peking pork chop.  Our favorite restaurant is Hong Kong Dining on  24th St and Indian School, but China Chili has some dishes that surpass them.  The West Lake soup was good, not too thick with good flavor.  I thought the garlic green beans were top notch, as were the honey walnut prawns.  Those three dishes I would come back for any day.The sesame chicken was ok -- it was sliced chicken with sesame sauce poured over it.  I prefer the more Americanized version where individual pieces of chicken are deep fried in a sesame sauce.  I would say the same of the Peking pork chop -- I prefer the dish made by Hong Kong Dining.  CC's seemed to have too much sauce that was maybe a little too sweet.  All in all a gem of a Chinese restaurant that we will definitely frequent when we are on that side of town!
1	A bummer. We had dined at China Chili for several years, but the last experience was a disaster. On Saturday March 15th, my wife and I had dishes we'd loved before, such as chicken with sizzling rice soup and chicken in birds nest (chicken with vegetables with a potato chip like basket).Within hours, I suffered severe symptoms of food poisoning. Without a day my wife did as well. For the next month, I continued to suffer severe gastrointestinal problems, and remain under a doctor's care. My wife was OK after a couple of days, but this was a nightmare.This is direct cause and effect. I've never had such severe problems before, and this was the only meal where my wife and I had the same dishes.I complained to the Maricopa County restaurant examiners, but they weren't interested unless others complained as well. Meantime there is no way I would ever return. I don't need the aggravation.
4	This place is great. The seating is just a bunch of tables in a big room. The food is fantastic! You should go as a group and share dishes, as the portions are quite large.  The service is great and it's a nice place to share conversation and good eats with friends.
4	When here for lunch great food and very friendly staff :)...gave us free egg rolls,cheese wontons & a soda...I it's the small things that really count! Thanks for the great service and food!!!
4	We had dinner last week their pot stickers were outstanding.  We then had poking duck which were very crispy . A salad with crispy chicken fruits is a good. Compliment for summer  finished up with  walnut shrimp
2	We were driving around & decided to Yelp nearby restaurants. China Chili popped up in the list & had received good reviews, so we decided to stop by. The parking spaces in front & behind the restaurant are limited & when we got there, there were no spots open so we had to park on the street. When we walked in, we noticed the restaurant was much larger than it appeared from the outside & was pretty busy - a good first sign.We were promptly seated & brought our drinks. We ordered the Fried Golden Prawns for an appetizer and the Chicken in Phoenix Nest & Sesame Chicken for our meal. The prawns were good but nothing special. There were sweet & sour and horseradish sauces on the table which were the only reason that the prawns had any taste. As for our meal, the Chicken in Phoenix Nest was in an interesting tasting sauce - the first couple of bites were good but left a weird after taste. I only ate 3 or 4 bites. The Sesame Chicken was the same way. I understand that it's a different preparation than the sweet American version but this plate just had a bunch of slices of fried chicken with a gravy tasting sauce poured on top. I only ended up eating about 4 or 5 bites of this as well & was done.Additionally, one of the things we noticed was that our waiter was really nice. We had a few questions about the menu & he was more than happy and nice, answered everything. Some of the ladies who were waitresses there, however, were not friendly. They glared at people when walking around picking up plates & dropping off meals. It was a little un-comforting / intimidating to get these looks while eating. Overall, due to the taste of the food & experience, we probably will not be back.
4	Great tasting food. Me and my wife were trying to find a great chinese restaurant that we could enjoy together since all the other ones we went to were not that great. We ordered Lemon Chicken with their chicken fried rice. Really big portions to share so we only needed one order of each! It was delicious!! The food got to us within 15minutes! Awesome atmosphere and nice service! Only problem is limited parking!
4	Very good food. Don't like their sweet and sour sauce or their pillow chicken but they can sure pull off a mean sesame chicken and those boiled won tons are to die for! I haven't gotten to test out their duck yet but their food has me wow'd compared to some of the crap I've gotten from other Asian restaurants near the area!Definitely give this place a try and more than once because not everyone likes the same things, but you will find a dish you like on their menu, believe that!
3	I went here for my friend's graduation dinner.  We were served the traditional and authentic 10-course banquet-style dinner.  I didn't even know this place existed until that night!  The food is pure Hong Kong style cooking without the unnecessary frills --- just the way I like it!  The food comes hot and fresh and the wait stuff is friendly.  I can't remember every single dish that was served as it was an extremely festive night with lots of loud talking and cheers but I do recall the roasted duck and steamed fish in soy sauce with ginger and onions being amongst my favorite.  Come for the delicious food and not the atmosphere because this place isn't that cute.  ;D
2	Bland taste for what this restaurant's reputation has in the neighborhood.  I was not impressed at all.  I had Sweet and Sour Chicken, Pork Fried Rice and Wonton Soup.  Nothing to write home about.  It didn't WOW me.  The rice was very sticky, the soup was very bland in richness and the Chicken had a Boneless Buffalo Wing texture to it.  Lucky Kitchen down the street is cheaper and is more authentic in taste.
5	Comida China chingona. Came in here on Friday night, busy night. Wait staff was friendly,  environment was nice, delicious food. Even though they were busy they were friendly and fast, only thing is I couldn't understand anything they say. Order the orange chicken- best orange chicken outside of China.  Don't mind the older gay crowd, they like comida China chingona too.
4	I needed to cater a lunch for an office meeting and decided to take a chance on China Chili even though they don't deliver. The lack of delivery option is really the only bad thing I can say about China Chili. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, my order was ready exactly when I asked for it to be, everyone at the meeting loved their various dishes, serving sizes were generous (especially for lunch specials), and the prices were very reasonable.  I was advised by my staff in no uncertain terms that we should cater with China Chili again, and I would certainly return on my own.
4	China Chili strikes again. We are not big Chinese food eaters but whenever we do have a craving, China Chili does not disappoint. We end up eating here about 4 times a year and are always happy. Tonight we had the orange chicken, house chow mein and ss pork. Nothing too adventurous but great taste and great price. We highly recommend it!
5	Fastest sit down lunch in Phoenix! Lunch is always delicious, dinner is great as well!Service is very efficient.I'm stuck on the house chicken and the green beans.
5	My family and I go here all the time. Best place in the valley great Chinese food. Crab puffs are delicious, mongollion beef is awesome and the best lo mien! Defiantly a must try! Service is fast and food is a reasonable price.
4	Fresh and tasty. No two dishes taste alike and they are always efficient getting orders together. I just wish they delivered!
4	Short: Great consistent food. Good lunch deals. I get the House Special Chicken. Maybe a dollar or two expensive for the type of Chinese food it is.Longer: Been going here for years and when I worked nearby I would go frequently at lunch. Their lunch specials are great and comes with soup and a vegetable egg roll. The only problem is that it's maybe a dollar or two too expensive for the type of chinese food it is. It's nothing fancy, just good solid Chinese food. The place is pretty big but is always packed when I go. I personally get the House Special Chicken. Other good items depending on your mood:Appertizers: Veggie Egg Rolls, West Lake SoupSeafood: Almond and Cashew Nut PrawnsChicken: Besides the House Special Chicken, Chicken in Black Bean SaucePork: Sweet and Sour PorkAlso, I get the fried rice which is an extra $1 at lunch.Service is super fast especially at lunch, otherwise, typical Asian service, not very personable and even if they were, it may be difficult to understand so maybe it's better to save for the awkward conversation anyways. Also, I'm not one for overly friendly (fake) service anyways, so it's not necessarily a bad thing.
4	Come hungry. I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu :)
5	This is the best Chinese food I've had in the phx area. The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food was awesome. I'm glad I have finally found a good Chinese food restaurant. I will for sure be going back!
5	Ducks on the menu. I love a roasted duck meal. Woo way to much for just me but it was every bit of delicious.
4	Love this place. Quick for lunch, food is consistent, and very affordable. Friday's are the best because they have the corn showder soup.
5	Everything was superb.  Egg flour soup, pot stickers, orange chicken --all fantastic.  Great prompt service.
4	I wouldnt say the best but certainly was good. The orange chicken is nothing short of amazing. Real chicken. Very fulfilling. Loud restaurant, lots of people. Id def come back and try other items! The cashew chicken wasnt my favorite.
4	This restaurant is pretty good. They are friendly, make and serve your food fast, and the prices are reasonable. The ambiance is OK but not romantic. It's more like a group cafeteria setting but comfortable. The food is tasty.
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant here in the Valley! I love the way they seat people, all along the wall to reduce noise. I could actually have a conversation without having to yell. The workers are respectful and quick. I have been there about six times, and each time I get the same thing because it is so good! Best lomein noodles I can find down here. There eggplant soup is amazing as well! I will keep coming here time and time again. The only con is the tiny spot they have for parking...
5	Wanted to branch out and try something new after an appt today. SO GLAD WE CHOSE HERE!!!! The food was not only delicious but we were served in less than 5 minutes. Tip and all out the door with satisfied tummys for less than $20. Needless to say we will def be back!!! If lunch was that great I can only imagine what dinner will be!!! Yummmm!!!!
1	oh no no no no!  i ordered the tofu and um, well, it was silken tofu.  i would figure that they would know which tofu to use and how to cook it but i was so unhappy with my meal.  i will never return and i would just like to forget about the whole thing.
5	This place is a hidden treasure. I drive by it all the time, and never checked it out because it seemed kind of grungy from the outside. However, it always looked busy, so I thought I'd give it a try.My large family and i ordered A LOT of food. We all shared it and had leftovers for days. We ordered the shrimp fried rice, the moo shoo vegetable, the spicy eggplant, crab puffs, spring rolls, orange chicken, vegetable egg-foo young, and a couple of other things that were great. Their food was delicious. One of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley, for sure. Their crab puffs and moo shoo vegtable stood out to me. My dad loved the orange chicken and said that in his 72 years of life, it was the best orange chicken he has ever had. I recommend this place. They have great lunch specials, as well. The service is amazing and the women are very attentive. Our drinks were always full. We will definitely be back many times.
4	We had lunch with friends from Connecticut.  We had  a few new dishes that we normally do not order. We got their chicken and corn soup.  A dish to try is eggs and shrimp and roast pork omlet. We also had their poking dock with buns this a dish you have to try. Along with my old favorite Singapore noodles. Service us always great
5	Get the eggplant. Unreal. Perfect.
4	This place is pretty good.  It's what you should expect for above-average chinese food in Arizona.  I've been twice, and it was good both times.  I'll be back.
5	My favorite chinese dish is honey walnut shrimp. One day I was searching for a place that has honey walnut shrimp. After I read all the great reviews, I was sold and I had to give this place a chance. The dish is very good. Will definitely be eating here again!!
4	Food is good but dishes are a little high in price.
4	I've been enjoying lunches and dinners here over the years with friends, with my swim team, and with visitors and guests. Each and every time the food was delicious, served in generous portions, and it didn't take long for food to be brought to the table even when I was with relatively large groups. While definitely Asian, the flavors lean a bit toward westernized - not a bad thing here, really; the food is always very tasty. I especially love how they prepare their fish: really tender and succulent. I also recommend their  tofu dishes and if you want a different spin on this Asian beancurd staple, try their pillow tofu. The restaurant itself is big and spacious, a bit gaudily decorated as most big old-fashioned Chinese restaurants are, and the service is fast and efficient. Oh ... and something to keep in mind now that the holiday season approaches: they're open on Christmas Day ;)
5	As this is the first time here, I am quite satisfied with everything we had. Egg foo yon,  orange chicken, house chow mein, and egg drop soup. Prices were excellent..... Now that we have been back several times to eat here, I would recommend this place (and have) to anyone. We always come home with boxes and boxes of food for the next day.
5	Best value for a spicy, tasty lunch. The servings are generous enough that I almost always have food to take home. Lunch comes with soup -- the good days are Monday and Thursday; that's when they have hot and sour soup. The other days is some kind of egg drop with corn (too bland for me). You also get a cute, little vegetarian egg roll.In order of wonderfulness, try the Kung pao fish, Kung Pao shrimp, Mongolian beef, and Szechuan green beans. I've only ever tried the spicy stuff, so I can't comment on the other offerings.The wait staff is ALWAYS friendly and amazingly efficient. The dinner menu is good, but the lunch is the best value.
2	This used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant near downtown now they raised their prices and are charging for bland fried rice for lunch and the soup looks like a bowl of snot! I will not be back!!
5	Bomb!! Bomb orange chicken... Not like weirdMc nuggets covered in sauce. We order it extra spicy Szechuan beef so soBomb egg rolls Bomb pot stickers Bomb spicy mustard
4	It's been hard to find decent Chinese food in Phoenix, but this is the exception with great food! The Hot and Sour Soup was super spicy, but really good.  Be sure and order the Orange Chicken, it was great.  Not the usual super deep fried chicken.  This was moist and the sauce was so tasty.  I look forward to returning and trying more dishes.
4	My first visit here was around dinner time, Christmas night. All things considered, we were seated within an hour. Really not bad considering how many other people were ahead of us and waiting. Standing room only is an understatement. Shortly after being seated, our waitress was ready for us to order. We needed a minute. She disappeared for a while and eventually a different waitress arrived. Again, Christmas night so no big deal. This place was incredibly busy. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees. Everything came out in a timely manner. My only critique was the appetizers were a little skimpy. I'm not sure if this is usual, or because they were incredibly busy. BBQ pork was especially on the light side. Other than that, No complaints. The Hot and Spicy Sichuan Prawns were awesome. Not what I call even in the same area code as hot or spicy, but delicious. We also had the Pillow Chicken which was a nice balance with the Shrimp dish. This is not the most authentic Chinese I have ever had, but I will go back again for sure if I'm in the mood for Chinese. Something tells me it won't be as chaotic.
4	Food is great but the service isn't so great. I had the house noodles. Plate was warm, food cooked to perfection, flavor was there. Unfortunately they rush you to order and then brings no refills on drinks, so cation when eating spicy dishes
4	Probably the best Chinese that I have had in the valley. Prompt service. Vast menu. Eat in or take out. On busy nights, finding parking can be an issue and like every other Chinese spot in the Valley, THEY DON'T HAVE DUCK SAUCE! WTF?!?! Duck sauce must be an East Coast thing...
5	Excellent and interesting Chinese food! Its not fancy, but has a nice Asian ambiance,  and is inexpensive for sure. I've only been a handful of times and everything has always been delicious but this last time on New Years Day I had the szechuan prawns. Omg. Amazing!!!! Huge portion and the sauce was spicy tangy sweet and perfect.
5	The orange chicken and house rice were perfect together.  We added in a pork dish and it was a great combo.  They seated us quickly and had our drinks out right away.  The server checked on us consistently but wasn't annoying!
