4	Good sized portions, steaks and sides are flavorful. I'm not too sure about the locations in the United States, but my favorite location is the one at Banff, Alberta (Canada). The steaks up there are dry aged so they develop a great depth of flavor.
3	The filet mignon was pretty good.  Had the classic dish, which included 2 sides, a salad and a baked potato.  The bread was served hot and fresh.I had 2 glasses of Arnold Palmer, each, which tasted totally different from one another.  I was seated immediately, 0 wait time, granted it was a thursday night.
3	If you want to be ripped off, this is a great place to go.  I mean, where else can you get such small portions at a huge price?  Yes, my experience at the Keg was not that great.  Also, there was no KEG there that was serving good beer.  Of course unless you choose to buy an expensive bottle of beer.  The appetizers are expensive and the crowd is always irritating here.  I ordered a steak here medium rare and they accidently OVERCOOKED IT!  I asked if they would give me a new steak and they LAUGHED at me and made me eat the well done steak.  Needless to say, NO TIP!!
4	I have been to the location at Desert Ridge a few times - usually I have great luck sitting at the bar (otherwise there is usually a wait to be seated....waiting in line for food sucks!!!) If I can park myself right in front of the tv screens....Im feeling pretty good.Portion sizes were pretty healthy ( Im told I eat like a guy....) so I thought it was pretty good value.Service at the bar.....well it wasn't the most attentive but I will say she looked like she was trying pretty hard though.
4	Had myself a new york striploin and it was quite good although I do hate paying these kind of prices for steak.  I really thought the vegetables were more special than the steak, but if you compare what kind of quality steak you get here compared to say Donovan's (high quality steakhouse in CA), I've got to say that I like the overall package presented at Keg Steakhouse with respect to the quality and price.
4	Took the future in-laws and the family out to the Keg at Desert Ridge last Friday, and I must say, I was pretty impressed.  There was a short wait at 5:00pm for a table for 5, just for set-up.  Within minutes we were seated.  Service was attentive without being overbearing.  My Jack-n-Coke was friendly, the way I like it.  The gf's foo-foo Mango something or other was also good/strong.  Tasty shrimp cocktail app and a basket of bread kicked off the feeding frenzy,  both on the higher end of things.  I had the classic fillet, wrapped in bacon (!!) served with salad, veggie and a baked.  My steak was great, perfectly done.  GF split a steak and crab legs with the kid.  Server split the plate, and brought out two potatoes/sides.  Above and beyond, adding to the service.  Also ordered were ribs, delicous and tender, and the prime rib sandwich, very good, too.  It met or exceeded my expectations, and I will be back.  Bit pricey, but well within what I expected to pay for the environment and food quality.  Next time, though, I think we'll leave the kid and the parents at home, for a more intimate dinner experience.Edit: I'm not sure where that map is pointing (near my old stomping grounds, actually, but not anywhere near the actual restaurant)  It's in Phoenix, not Paradise Valley.  Just so's you know where you're going, if you decide to go...
4	We are always looking for kids friendly restaurants. This is definitely on the list. The kids menu had a good selection(mini burgers, ribs, steak, chicken fingers, and something else). One child picked the mini burgers and they were good and "juicy" according to my 7 year old. Other had chicken fingers and those looked OK. As for the adults..... Atmosphere was great. It was like a lodge when you walk into the establishment. Got there at 6pm on a Friday night and were immediately seated. Tried to get reservations before hand however they do not accept reservation after 5pm. Why I don't know...... Seems to me that if they are looking to serve a certain clientele they should accept reservations...looks like they are trying to compete with Outback restaurants - no reservations. This is a Canadian establishment so I decided to start with a Molson in tap. I must say, it was served at a perfect temperature and definitely quenched my thirst (even had a few ice bits in the first sip). On with the food.....My wife had Prime Rib Classic Dinner. It comes with Salad and side (onions, bell peppers and mushrooms sauteed). Wife said the Prime Rib was was a 4 out of 5. As for myself, I had the Fillet. Which came under recommendation from the waiter. I typically go for the rib eye steak. I got the salad and sides same as the wife. I could have done without them. Not a big fan of partially cooked onions. I would have preferred them caramelized. Ordering a steak's doneness is always a crap shoot for me. It never comes out as the way I want it. On the menu it tells you the degree of doneness and decided to go with what it stinking if a restaurant has the name "Steakhouse", I could not go wrong. I ordered medium. Well it came out in my opinion Medium well. Also since they cook the steak in such high heat, there is a layer of charred meet where the Fillet was touching the grill. Not my favorite. All in all I would like to give this place another shot. As I think anyone should do. Will update this review whenever that happens...... The waiter was attentive (almost too much). Hate trying to talk with my mouth full. But how can you really complain. PS my 7 year old is saying this place is a 5 out of 5. I forgot to mention they bring fruit, carrot and celery sticks out for the kids while we were waiting for out entrees. The kids loved that......
1	Good food, but a place named after a beer vessel that doesn't have a beer list, respect beer, or educate their staff. A shame, if they fix it I'll improve my rating.
1	bad food (i actually got indigestion later that night and it didn't even TASTE good, if i'm getting a sour stomach, i at least want it to be well worth it) bad prices ($150.00, one mid-range wine you could buy for 20$ at Bevmo, 6 beers and 2 vodka martinis)bad bartenders (we had to practically grovel to get any kind of service and her male sidekick wasn't any better) bad waiter (too busy to talk and chat, and the room was EMPTY) what more can i say???
2	I've eaten here for lunch several times and I tend to leave decidedly unimpressed.  Nothing is actively bad (except, perhaps, the service on our last visit) but nothing is good, either.  I need to just stare down my co-workers and start straight drinking when we come here.  Or maybe just suggest some other restaurant some time...
5	I've been going to The Keg for what I believe to be the last five years or so and I flat out love the place. It's about a ten minute drive from home and I go there to eat at least four times a month. I've always found the service to be good and the food great. My nephews and I have tried various items on the menu and have found them all to be exceptional. We have always been pleased with the size of the portions served of any and all dishes we have tried. The main reason that I like The Keg is the staff pure and simple, very attractive women. Which makes the food taste even better and the drinks even stronger! Overall, The Keg is a good place for any occasion and I'll be going there tonight!
5	I have been to the Keg a total of three times with the last one being this past Sunday evening, and each time I go, I am never disappointed however there was this one time, where my food came out cold  (and I don't mean lukewarm, I mean cold!) which was the oddest thing, so odd that the chef came out and apologized to me, made me a totally different dish, and then the meal was comped!  WOW!  The staff is ultra friendly and never overbearing and the food and drinks are great. When in doubt of when to go, go on a Sunday evening  after 7pm as never overly busy and you will be seated right away. Give this place a try, you will not be disappointed.
4	I have been here many times with my husband and never thought to review it until now. My faves on the menu include the spinach salad with mandarin oranges, dried cranberries, pecans and goat cheese. The French Onion Soup and Chicken Tortilla Soup as well as their burgers and the Ahi Tuna Sliders ...though I did not see the Tuna sliders on the menu last time : ( Our last visit a few days ago was a very nice one....we sat out on the patio and soaked up some wonderful sun! Our waiter was awesome, friendly, fast and knowledgeable. My husband loved his steak and 2 Seabreeze Cocktails (vodka, cranberry and grapefruit) and I had a very delicious burger, chicken soup and freshly squeezed Orange Juice.This place is definitely the better option in this shopping area if you want to avoid all the grease traps.
5	Kudos to mgr on duty! She took care of us!
4	Great steak! Cooked exactly to my liking. Not like most places where when you say "medium" it's cooked all the way thru! With this place, you actually see red in the middle and can chew the steak! Portions are fairly big so you can always share apps and entrees. Happy hour from 4-7 on Monday to Fridays. During happy hour, they have a delicious Orange Martini for around $3! Would definitely give that a shot. If you're not into fruity drinks, beer is around $2 as well as half price wines. Certain apps are also part of happy hour. Like I said, portions are pretty big so you can save by sharing. We've paid around $53-$70 and well worth it. Not bad for a good steakhouse! Crowd is a bit older but who cares when you're enjoying the food right?
2	This is usually my favorite steak house for the money. Went for lunch today, big mistake. Ordered a simple beefdip with fries, my wife got a sirloin steak salad. We were the only ones seated in the lounge, took 35 mins to get our food while we listened to terrible music pounding way to lould. Fries were cold and beef dip dry however wifey enjoyed the salad. Very disappointed, then my wife gets mad at me for not leaving a TIP to which I had to remind her TIP stands for To Insure Prompt Service. Where's the Keg I'm used to??
2	I've been here on previous occasions, not sure why I never wrote a rvw previously - maybe because each time was just not memorable.  This one was - and not in a good way.The funny thing is, we had just attended a Yelp event @ P.I.G. and I really wanted a nice glass of wine, so I was wearing my name tag with Yelp on it (Ooops).  When the Bar Staff saw it, I took it off right away - BUT don't you think that may have prompted a little bit of nice or prompt service, just a tad????Nope.  Poor guy next to us had been visiting on a reg. basis many, many times and could not believe how bad the service was this nite.  We each had our bill sit, with our credit cards in full view, for 30 mins when we had to ask the server to ring us out - much to her dismay at being pulled way from her current task at hand: polishing that one glass for over 20 mins.  He also mentioned he always obtained comp. potato crisps, which I saw all around us, but none were offered in our direction?During that time, we saw a group of 6 business men come in, sit down in the lounge chairs and never get an acknowledgment, greeting, menu, or service.  We're talking $100 just for 1 round of drinks here!  1 had to approach the bar and ask for a server, and ours practically rolled her eyes and muttered someone will be over shortly.  Let me tell you, this place was far from busy!  Everyone shot out at the stroke of HH ending like crazy so it was pretty empty by this time.I see no reason to ever return - at all.
3	I love The Keg, really I do. But this past Saturday night, I am not sure what happened. My 3 stars is strictly for the food I had (not including the dessert). The service was 5 stars. I got there around 6:45pm and was told it would be a 40 min wait. No problemo. It is Saturday and I didn't make a reservation. 40 mins later, my little buzzer went out and bam in our booths we go. So far so good. So me and my friend ordered. I had the sirloin with some lobster stuff on top and I ordered my steak medium rare. My friend ordered a different sirloin but asked for it the same way. Our meals arrive and I go to dig in, but the lobster stuff on top of the steak is cold and my steak is almost well done as was my friends :( I could get past that but I asked my lovely waitress if my lobster stuff was supposed to be cold. She said no and said let me take in the back to have that warmed up for you. Hmm ok, but my steak is already well done, which means when it came back out, it was beyond done. One of the manager's actually brought my plate back out and apologized and told me that she would take care of my meal as well as any dessert that we ordered. She even offered to remake my entire meal but at this point I was said, it was quite ok, you are going above and beyond. So ate my potato, the lobster stuff and pushed the steak to the side as it was not really edible. I must say that the manager and our server really did go above and beyond. Our meals were pretty much free and I chalk up the food as it just being an off night. Like I said, I love The Keg and I have been on numerous occasions. I will say this, my dessert, which was the Margarita Key Lime pie made up for my steak. YUMMO!
4	This is a very good steak house, but my favourite time to come here is during the summer when they have the lobster specials that come with the BEST mac n' cheese I have ever tasted in a restaurant... so far! The only downside is that they only serve the mac n' cheese during this time. Other than that no dice. :-(The service is always top notch and polite, which I definitely expect when I look at the prices. They are more expensive than other steak places, but not by much. However, as they saying goes, you get what you pay for!
3	Went to The Keg with 9 other guys. All of us thought it was pretty good. I was especially impressed with the service. Despite not having a reservation, we were quickly seated, had a nice table, and felt very welcome. The place looks pretty awesome. It looks like a nice mountain resort inside. Despite it being quite large and open, tables are laid out in a manner to provide some privacy. The restaurant is well lit and really seems well suited to large groups and friendly gatherings. I ordered the small prime rib and a cesear salad. The salad was standard fare, nothing too exciting. The prime rib was cooked to order and was well seasoned, tender, and very flavorful. The Au Jus was a tad bit salty for my taste though. (the saltiness seemed to be a common theme amongst my tablemates).  Beer selection was a bit sparse, for my tastes, didn't look at the wine list. The service was quite good. The wait staff was very friendly, knew their menu, made excellent suggestions, and accommodated our "payment requirements" graciously.  Overall - food is good. I think the hit the level that they should be at. Service is great. Place looks pretty nice.
4	I have only eaten here once but was pretty impressed. A bit pricey but compared to other steakhouses with equal quality is really a bargin. We had a small birthday dinner and there were fussy eaters (children) in our group. The menu was kid friendly and there were no problems there. A variety of items were ordered including appetizers, drinks, steak, prime rib and desserts. All were very good. The service was excellent. I plan to return here often.
4	Great steak and sides, big fan. pricey, good for special occasions. Service has always been good
3	Not Bad...  Food is salty.
2	Blah to the extreme. The McRib at McDonalds is more flavorful and priced much more economically.I ordered the surf and turf special. Steak volume was decent but there was TWO scallops. Wanted to complain but... where's the waitress? It was also hard to cut my Medium-Rare steak with their DULL knives. Was like sawing through a brick with a chop stick. Boo!PLUS it was irritating to wait for 40 minutes and then be seated in the far back... while passing dozens of empty tables along the way.Thank goodness their liquid medication (martini) selection was decent. Maybe a good place for drinks??
5	Well I am going to write my first 5 stare review.The wife and I ate at the Keg Steakhouse on Saturday night and had a great experience.There was a wait but we found big leather chairs to sit in the lounge while we waited. A cute, tall, blond, waitress took our dring order, offered us menus and checked on us about every 5 minutes during the 30 minutes we waited for a table.Then we were sat at a cozy table for two, we both had ceaser salads and the Parmesan cheese was thin slices not powered, it was great.We had the top sirloin and I have to be honest, when the food arrived I thought they screwed up the order because this sirloin looked like a fillet an was almost as tender. The backed potato and vegetables were cooked to perfection. The Salt and pepper grinders on the table were also a nice touch. I love grinding my salt and pepper.About half way through dinner the manager stopped by to check and make sure everything was perfect. This is something most places should do but for some strange reason they don't.I can tell you we will be trying their other locations to see if the service and food at those places match what we found, if not, I guess I will be driving 45 minutes one way to go have dinner.
4	I don't usually review chain restaurants.  I figure they can do without extra promotion, and I generally don't care for the food at chains, but The Keg surprised me.  Everything I had was very good, from the Cosmo to start off the meal to the house salad that actually had fresh mixed greens and on to the moist rosemary-seasoned pork chop with delicious mashed potatoes.  The server was very attentive and willing to make change for a hundred-dollar bill, as well as split up the check to accommodate two couples.  As soon as we told him we needed to get going to a concert, the check was on our table.  A manager came by to see how things were, which was a nice touch.
5	I love this place, drinks and food are wonderful. The bartenders kick ass!
5	We had excellent service and Natalie was our server.  She was fantastic.  We come here several times a month and have recently came in for my birthday and my wife's birthday.  Amazing food and drinks!
5	Excellent steaks and ambience. To me, the price of the steak was justified by the cut and the flavor.
5	I have eaten at Kegs in Oregon (long gone now), Canada and now Arizona. The taste of their food is very consistent and the quality is always awesome. I just had dinner at the Phoenix Keg and am looking forward to my next visit! Great food, excellent service, cool atmosphere :)
2	Remember Black Angus?  I think their theme could be described as Casual Dining Steakhouse.  That's The Keg.  Problem is, with the price of steaks it's pretty much impossible to pull off that concept.  Personally, I want a well executed dining experience when spending in the $25+ per plate range.  That can't happen with sloppily dressed teenage greeters and undertrained servers.  I have great admiration for good tattoo art, but the really bad tattoo staring at me from about a 12-inch square piece of exposed skin on the greeter's back didn't do a whole lot to whet my appetite as she led us to our table.  Now before you write this comment off to my fuddy-duddyness, it was the tattooed 20-somethings in our group that pointed the big bad tattoo out to me in not so complimentary fashion.  The rest of the experience was also handled by seemingly underqualified people.  Server had to leave twice during ordering to get our questions answered.  Obviously wrong plates were brought to our table (where's the QC at the food window?).  A free dessert was brought to the table, but the guest of honor couldn't eat it because of a food restriction.  The server disappeared into thin air without asking if the many other people at the table might want another dessert, let alone the guest of honor.  Or how about this - tell the guest of honor they have a free dessert coming and what would they like?  It took several minutes to flag said server down again and place a more appropriate dessert order for the guest of honor, for which we would gladly pay.  The rest of us split the free one.I will say the place was busy, though.  Sure wish they took reservations.  But I never saw so many trucker hats and wife beater shirts paying $25+ per plate in my life.  Even in Black Angus back in the day.  Because of all the plate snafus, our bill ended up being cheap.  Nevertheless, the experience kind of messed up our special occasion.  I can't help comparing this dinner to the great meals I could have gotten elsewhere for the same price, so will stick to those places that execute dinner so much better.
3	This is a chain and I've been to the Phoenix location, Chandler and Vancouver many years ago. They're all pretty much the same so you can expect a certain level of service and quality but you'll forfeit any local character or anything particuarly distinguishing.That being said, the food is above average. A wide variety of cuts of steak and a variety of preparations so it may take you some time to decide. They also serve some seafood and poultry but if you or someone in your party does not partake in red meat, it may be best to skip this place altogether.Anyway, I started with some well prepared calamari. The calamari here is served with a cream sauce (almost like sour cream???? Not sure) as well as an Asian-style ginger sauce. Nice twist on this, instead of the marinara or jalapeno cream or dill sauce.I had a well cooked baseball sirloin with a side of asapargus. I left satisified and unable to finish my meal. I will say that you get a lot of food for what you pay, so this place is definitely good value in my opinion.Bottome line, The Keg would probably not be my first choice when there are so many great local establishments with better food and more character. However, I recall my visit to The Chandler location. I had family in from out of town and i didn't know any good local places in Chandler to visit. I was familiar with The Keg and figured I couldn't go wrong in that particular situation. That, in my opinion, sums up the best time to enjoy a bite at The Keg
4	Good meat, good wine, good service, take some good company, and goodnight!
3	I have to update my review based on two recent visits. A friend and I have birthdays within two days of each other, and they won't let us both use the birthday coupons at the same time. Annoying, but allowable. We decided to go twice and just split the bill both times.The first visit, as a standalone, would have been a two star review. I ordered the blue cheese fillet. The "blue cheese" was some unappetizing whipped butter with a slight taste of blue cheese that was very disappointing. I'm used to steak houses that have tasty blue cheese crumbles on the steak, not a whipped concoction. Their French onion soup is very good though. The waiter on this night was very phony and icky-sweet and would be better suited to sell insurance instead of work at a restaurant.We weren't really looking forward to the second visit, but decided to give it a second chance and not order the same thing. It would have scored a four star review on the visit last night. I ordered the peppercorn steak which had a tangy mushroom sauce on top along with lots and lots of peppercorns. Twice baked potato was great as well. I ordered a side of creamy horseradish for the steak. We had the Tempura Snap Peas & Asparagus for an appetizer which were an odd choice for a steak house, but were very good nonetheless. Our waitress was attentive, fun, and knowledgeable. Just what you want. Will I go back? Next year for the birthday meal for sure, but otherwise is a tossup. The Keg kind of falls in the middle ground of steak restaurants. I love Lone Star for a casual steak and if I want a great date-night or special event steak, I will always go to either Durant's or Fleming's. The Keg is conveniently located to me, so there is that possibility.
5	The lobster alone deserved 5 stars!!! One piece of advice...get the lobster. Fresh all summer til sept 4th. The environment was great too.
4	I've been to The Keg before at a different location...love the atmosphere and the vibe at this location especially.  Very quiet and cozy on a Monday night...need to try more dishes on the menu - will be back!
4	The Keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner.  We enjoy it because we can get a great dinner in a somewhat casual setting.  The baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their French onion soup.  The steaks are usually cooked perfectly, and if for some reason they aren't, they are quick to make it right!
4	yummm!  second time i've been to the keg and enjoyed both times.  this time i ordered the king crab legs and i wasn't disappointed.   would go back.
5	Friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, good food.  I have no complaints about this location or with The Keg as a chain in general.  More importantly, my wife has no complaints either which is very rare.I wouldn't say the food or service here is of Mastro's, Ruth's Chris or Capital Grille quality but its the next best thing.If you haven't already I suggest signing up for their birthday club thing.  They will email you a certificate good for a free meal to use during the month of your birthday.  It will say you can use it for a steak but you can get the cash value ($23 or something) to use for whatever you want.  Last night my wife and I sat in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour drinks and those awesome potato chips.  The happy hour drink specials for beer and wine are pretty decent but the orange martini thing is way too sweet.  They should just have a regular martini.Anyway, I had a burger and my wife had a salad with grilled shrimp.  My burger was perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.  My wife's salad was very tasty as well and contained 6 or 7 nice size shrimp.  For a side we shared an order of the roasted beets which were fantastic.The only downside of this place is that it is located in Desert Ridge.  I hate that place with a passion.  It is always so crowded and the layout of the place just sucks.  Just getting in and out of the parking lot can be a clusterfuk.  Whoever designed this place is an idiot.
4	Very, very nice steak.  Great ambience; excellent wine list; superb service from John, our waiter (after we were finally seated - the hostess was evidently hanging out in the kitchen, and it took the Mgr to roust her back to the front so she could seat us) - overall a very nice meal.  We both ordered steak - Peppered NY Strip + Ribeye - and both were cooked exactly as asked for - the twice-baked potatoe was awesome and the bread was deliciously crusty and hot. The service was impeccable - our waiter John was spot-on throughout our entire meal - he was both attentive and efficient in a very subtle, non-invasive way - really, very good service.  John could teach Wait-staff Techniques101.  We agreed this was a great pick for a steakhouse.
5	I like special dining experiences for birthdays, so I chose to visit the Keg this year. We made reservations and when we got there, there was a card wishing me happy birthday with several signatures from the staff. It's a nice personal touch that starts off the night right. The service was excellent, our waiter was very personable and was always quick with a new drink or refill. The food was outstanding and well worth the price. Birthdays also deserve a dessert, so I ordered the Brownie Sunday which was delicious and way more than I could eat, so I shared it with my family. The Manager stopped by during the meal to check on the service and the food which is a nice touch, we also was the one to bring out the dessert and included a candle, wished me a happy birthday and comped the dessert. Overall our experience at The Keg was very enjoyable and I can definitely recommend it for any special occasion.
3	This was our second trip to the Keg, the first trip I'd have rated 4-star. The food and service were good. First trip I had Prime Rib with baked potato, vegetables and wedge salad. Second trip I took the server's advice and tried the 18oz Kansas City Strip steak with twice baked potato. Food was great on both occasions. We had gone with a friend on the second trip and with some wine the bill came to $99 and change. We had an American Express Gift Card for $100 my wife had received as a Christmas Bonus. We had laid some cash on the table for a tip and gave the server the gift card. He told us he could not accept it for more than $80, it was company policy. He could not give us a reason for the policy. We paid with a credit card and left puzzled. I intend to check with American Express to find out if this is a violation of their agreement.
4	My bf and one of our friends had gone out to dinner thinking we would grab something casual and watch the Coyotes play at "The Keg" ..... we were VERY wrong about the atmosphere of this restaurant!! With a name like "the Keg", we assumed sports bar (we should have looked it up on Yelp first....) and we were dead wrong as we walked into a white linen tablecloth restaurant and NOT a sports bar!  We ended up sitting in the lounge/bar area though because, well, we DID want to watch the Coyotes' game!  Our service started off horrendous ... you would have thought we were a group of 14 years olds after a school dance the way our server didn't want to wait on us.  I'm not sure if she was just super busy or ditzy or what but I was pretty irritated since instead of some casual sports bar, we were now paying $25 for a steak and $10 for martinis!  After we hadn't seen our server for a good 10-15 minutes and then she botched our drink order, the manager had stopped in to see how we were doing.  I was honest and said our server had been inattentive so we were kind of frustrated.  Oh my god did he make things right.  I felt bad for the server because he obviously went to talk to her but then we had the manager and the server checking in on us to the point, I was actually slightly embarassed for so much attention.  The manager absolutely made our experience a complete 180 from our first 20 minutes and I was very thankful .... let's just say, she deserved her 20% tip by the end of our meal :)
4	Went last night and sat in the bar area.  We had Ally as our server and she recommended a great bottle of wine since their Malbec is no longer available.  She was great and she has served us before and always does great.  Great food and great atmosphere.
4	Wonderful ambiance, outstanding food, and Superior Service.A true winner! We'll be back for more for sure!
5	Best place to spend your birthday with such a great ambience and food!!!
1	Went back for our 4th or 5th time, the new Summer Lobster menu lured us in. All three of us ordered the Lobster and Shrimp Summer Salad. Big disappointment. As we drove away I said " maybe I don't really like Lobster". My companions felt it wasn't really lobster. The Shrimp wasn't that good, either. The vegetables were great, but at $22.95 for a salad, it's not worth it. My salad had half a dozen small mushrooms, my wife found only one in hers. If this had been our first visit, we would not return. We may not anyway. Suggest if this is the best they can do, 86 the salad.
5	I first wandered into The Keg up in Vancouver, BC. it was a lazy rainy afternoon and i thought with a name like this it might be a casual beer bar to relax for a bit.... SURPRISE. Even in the afternoon it was clean, good staff, and even a simple appetizer was done right.A couple weeks ago here in Phoenix i was looking for a nice place for dinner and having remembered they had one down the street thought i should try it. Glad i did.It was one of those nights i thought i should try a couple different things so, loving prime rib, they had an end cut so that was the plan. Being a sucker for a good special i added the crab legs. Add in the mashed potatoes (chunky enough so you know they didn't come from a box) and veggies and it was a meal fit for a diplomat.The one thing I always forget is that crab legs take so much time to open and eat that the meat gets cold but... that yummie warm butter. The horseradish was real and HOT and a great compliment. The prime rib had enough crust ( i hate semi-raw meat) to make it well cooked and yet not dried out and the seasoning was just right.  The service was spectacular with an actual manager making the rounds and several wait staff overseeing every detail.It's not a cheap place but not at the top of the scale either so it won't be a weekly visit but they have some great happy hour deals and it's worth any special occasion outing.Great good, terrific service, clean setting with professional comfortable decor. What more could you ask for. As Arnold would say... "I'll be baaaack" and will enjoy this  place again I'm sure.
3	I have been to The Keg at this location many times. Great for happy hour and bar food -- the nachos are fantastic as are the loaded spring rolls -- but their steaks and other sides are too inconsistent to justify the price. Dinner could be great or absolutely mediocre, not really a gamble you want to take on $30-$40 per person.My boyfriend and I just dropped over tonight $100 on steaks, mashed potatoes, shrimp, asparagus, and mushrooms. The steaks were okay, nothing great. Cooked correctly but lacking flavor. We ordered two filet mignon steaks wrapped in bacon cooked to medium so they should have been delicious. The mashed potatoes tasted weird and the asparagus wasn't cooked correctly (odd since it takes like five minutes to boil asparagus). I didn't want to bother the server since in the past when I have had issues with my steak -- like being rare when I asked for medium -- they sloppily try to correct it.Our server, Chris, was great. He deserved a great tip. It's the kitchen that is weird. I won't come back here for steak, rather try Ocean Prime for the slight price increase. However, the bar area is great for a casual bite and some drinks. Happy hour is great. They have yummy specialty cocktails like the Miami Haze which is very refreshing and you will be tipsy after two :) The bar is relaxing with flat panels. I love coming here for nachos and a blue moon on a weekday after work.
4	3 words...Twice Baked Potato! Oh my, these are so good!!! I love these so much I have even ordered them to go when we are grilling steaks at home. But it is always nice we we go there for dinner too. The rest is good as well. I've had the filet, prime rib, various appetizers, a delicious orange martini. Only once did I not enjoy my food. The one time I decided to order the peppercorn steak. Way too peppercorny. (is that a word? ;-)) It did live true to it's name but way too much. Couldn't taste anything else.So stick with the basics and definitely get the twice baked potato.
4	Nice dark bar in the late afternoon for a nice little happy hour:)
5	I  have never been to a restaurant with better customer service.  The staff at this location are out of this world.  The food is amazing as well.  Everytime we go we have had delicous prime rib and sirloins.  Happy hour is a great time to test it out, but you wouldn't be disappointed for dinner.  We love going during the week on Monday or Tuesday when it isn't very busy.
2	Very unpredictable service and food; one time it is good, another it is bad, and the next it is great...hard to know for sure if your steak will be worth the time and money, but when they do it right it is good.  The staff appears to do a lot of socializing instead of attending to guests.
4	I have been a guest here before, but it's been over a year since my last visit.  I have always thought this place was a great mid-tier steakhouse.  The Keg fits that niche between Outback and higher-end steakhouses like Fleming's.  Great bar, good selection of appetizers; big selection of steaks at reasonable prices.  I usually sit at the bar, but this past Wednesday the bartop was full so I picked a cocktail table.  My server was Alex.  She was lovely, attentive, and had solid menu knowledge.  I just had a couple of appetizers, but her suggestions were spot on.  Service was great, food was great, so why only 4 stars?  The manager on duty looked horrific.  I am normally not one to judge based on appearances, but this man looked like a homeless person forced into a suit.  His facial hair was scraggly and unkempt, and his hair looked greasy and filthy.  I don't know if the other guests notice this guy, but I can't believe that this restaurant wants its guests to see this manager.  Not the way to represent yourself to the public.
5	My husband and I ate here last night for dinner. His prime rib was not very good and when our waiter asked, my husband was honest and without requesting it be sent back they brought him a new plate and the new piece was awesome.  Excellent customer service. Thank you!
5	We made a last minute decision to go out on New Year's Eve.  The restaurant was very busy but after just a few minutes a couple of seats opened at the bar ( our favorite place to sit) and the bar tenders, Blake, Kennan and Clair were ON IT!  They were very busy, but did not miss a new face at the bar or a glass writing for a refill.  The food was excellent. My husband had the baseball steak with twice baked potato and I had Prime Rib  with lobster tail and twice baked potato. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh yes! Start with the garlic cheese bread as it is yummy!
5	This place is a perfect mix of everyday and exotic.  The food is fantastic, the service is excellent (thank you Liz!), and the prices are very reasonable to make you come back time and again!  We will definitely be back (yet again!)
4	I usually try to stay away from chain restaurants at malls but we recently visited this location after taking my daughter shopping. Definitely happy that we did.Both of us found the food enjoyable and the service was quite good. The atmosphere was nicer than I was expecting from the outside and we enjoyed our visit. We will try it again when we are in the area.
5	Excellent steak and lobster, service always above average. Nice semi fancy restaurant for special occasions. Wish they would bring back the sour dough bread, French is a poor substitute. Highly recommend
5	PRIME RIB + Lobster (essentially a surf and turf) for under $40 ?? WOWOWOW!Food = soo good, i got the prime rib and lobster. It comes with a side of my choice and just the perfect portion. I don't walk out too bloated nor hungry. They did a really good job of cooking it the way I wanted it. (I recommend rare that way it'll still be red.. only way to eat prime rib!)Drinks = I got a mixed drink there (can't remember the name), but it tasted like tea and it was sooo good! They have a lot of drinks and a happy hour too. Service = it was GREAT. The waiter was very attentive and the food came pretty quick. The manager/owner walked around talking to people to make sure our food was good. Very professional and make you feel even more like you're in a nice place. I wouldn't say this is the best place to watch a game, but they do have TVs in the bar area and its self-seating there too. I would love to come back here again and recommend everyone else to as well!
5	My wife and eat here often and it is our favorite place in Phoenix to get a great steak.  The service is always top notch and the prices are very reasonable.  We love it!
4	We stopped in at the Keg for dinner and had a splendid time.Service was prompt and efficient.The food was splendidly done.   We had the goat cheese appetizer and were very pleased with the baked cheese flavors. The salad's greens were crisp and not overly covered in dressing.The vegetables were crisp and not overcooked.   I ordered a rare filet.  It was a wonderfully done rare when it arrived.  The only thing that could have made it better was more blood.  My spouse ordered the filet and crab. Each was done perfectly.The big surprise was the coffee was as good the creme brulee (not so last time).I highly recommend the Keg as an alternative to more pricey alternatives (Ruth's Chris and Morton's).
2	UPDATE: I was very promptly contacted by a corporate representative of the Keg to try and make it up to me. I politely declined, but appreciated her offer. I also dined on 04/16 at the Oro Valley, AZ location with a group of clients and had a wonderful experience. Our experience in Desert Ridge seems to be isolated to this location and is not indicative of a corporate mindset.I wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt, I really did. I read the reviews that mentioned that this was not your normal chain restaurant...Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed. From top to bottom this place is....confusing. It's like the restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be. Does it want to be a fine steakhouse ala Capital Grille or Donovans? Or does it want to be a mid-priced chain restaurant with amazing food ala Houstons?We were first seated outside. Bad choice. Cheap patio furniture (truly, we patron sports bars that have a more welcoming patio) and not very enjoyable. Switched to a booth/chair combo in the bar. Better ambiance for sure. Started off great with my wife ordering a great Malbec and after tasting hers, I ordered the same. Ordered a Ceasar salad which I couldn't finish because it was so overseasoned. Then started with the Garlic Shrimp Appetizer which again, was overseasoned. This dish is served in escargot dish, with 6 baby shrimps in the holes, baked some in sort of oil, onion, parley, oregano, garlic, et al seasoning oil, and then smothered in cheddar cheese. It's one weird dish. After "enjoying" those two, I literally couldn't taste anything because of so many confusing flavors in my mouth. She ordered the filet which was alright (but overpriced - close to $40 for what looked and tased no better than something you can pick up at the grocery) and I order the New York Strip. When ordering steaks, you can choose "Chicago style" which is more seared almost to a char on the outside and prepared to your liking on the inside. Being a Chicago native, my mind instantly sprang to the beauty that is a Gibson's Charred Steak. If you've ever been to Gibsons (arguably the best steakhouse in the entire country), you know what I am talking about. Boy was I wrong again. It tasted like someone took a sirloin, burnt it to a crisp with a car exhaust pipe and called it prepared to my liking. I would normally send it back, but since there was a theme developing, I decided to cut my losses and try to get out as quick as possible. There are two redeeming factors. First, the Malbec is excellent and the twice-baked potatoes everyone references are what they're cracked up to be. The only two reasons I am not giving this a 1-star rating.We opted out of dessert (went to get a Pizookie at BJ's Brewhouse instead) and paid the overpriced bill. I am not a cheapskate, and I enjoy very nice restaurants, but this was a bit rediculous for a chain. Over $100 for the two of us, for entrees and a glass of wine each. I hate to say this, but save yourself the trouble. Go to a restaurant that knows who they are. If you're going to go to a chain steak place, just go to Outback. You'll save yourself an expensive learning experience and the steaks are better there...seriously.
2	Let me start by saying, I didn't pay for my meal. I was my father-in-law's new wife's birthday so he paid.We sat in the bar initially while waiting for more guests to show up. I figured with a name like "The Keg" they brewed their own beer. Turns out they do not. They only have 4 taps and 2 of those are Bud. Once all of the guests arrived we moved into the cramped dining room. I've noticed in other reviews no one has mentioned how incredibly dark it is in this place. It's DARK. My eyes readjusted several times while trying to read the menu. It was also very LOUD. They were playing DUBSTEP all night. That was weird. It's like a steak restaurant named for what should be a brewery with nightclub atmosphere.There were 7 of us and they sat us a table fixed for 6 so it was cramped. We moved a few of the wine glasses that were reserved for water off the table just make a little room. Our waiter came back over and put the wine glasses back on our table stating that they have to be there with no further explanation.The food was ok. I thought the salad was hoaky, but the blue cheese dressing was AMAZING. We got a little bit of horse radish with our steaks which was INTENSE. I'm a horse radish lover and even I thought it was a little extreme. It was good, but whoa my sinuses are still burning. I thought the steaks were good, but no better than what my dad or father-in-law usually make at home. The only other anomaly was an order of mashed potatoes my wife ordered. They brought out a platter about 16" wide with one scoop of potatoes on it. Made the already cramped table even smaller. If you plan on having a party of 6 or more expect your bill to be in the realm of $500. No joke. The starting prices of steaks here are $25 just for the meat.
4	Updating my review of The Keg:I'm raising my 2 star to a 4 star. I've been in touch with the owner of the restaurant for the last week. Now, I haven't been back yet, but the simple fact that the owner of the chain has taken it upon herself to contact me in regards to some of my "complaints" give me faith that real people still exist and actually care about what happens in their businesses as well as what people are saying about their businesses. Service not just while at the restaurant, but after I've left the restaurant is equally important.Kudos
5	I had my annual birthday ribeye steak dinner at the Keg. It was a $25 coupon, which was a great deal. I sat at the bar and the bartender with the beard was very nice and quick with the food even though I only had a 30 minute window of time. The steak here is the best ever! I wish I could afford to eat here every day. Unbelievable. :)
4	Very nice atmosphere, and GREATservice.  Everyone is extemely attentive and responsive.  A quality experience.
5	We love this place. The service is excellent, the food is outstanding, and the prices are very reasonable. The ambiance is always warm and inviting. The filet mignon is always cooked as requested. Of course, the twice baked potato is a must.
4	Been over a year since we were the, the food is very good, ordered the prime rib 16oz medium, it's itch French onion soup and a baked potato Soup was great, potato was large and good. Prime rib was good, a little dry on one edge. But still very good, Wait staff very attentive and good,  price for two was around 80 or so including drinks..   Very good steakhouse
1	Bad experience.  Food was cold.  Filet was tough and not seasoned.   Used to be a good place to eat, but way overpriced for the quality of food.   Next time will go to Ruth Chris or Black Angus.  Anything would be better.  Again, it wasn't about the price, it was about the severe lack of quality.
4	Came here for dinner and was not disappointed!  Our server Danyella was attentive and also very helpful.  The hostess made sure to ask if we were celebrating a special event (just the celebration of eating) and Danyella also checked about the occasion so she could make it memorable.  We each got the prime rib which was cooked nicely but the cut was very thin for being a 10 oz portion.  My piece actually looked ragged like there was some issue when it was sliced off the roast.  They also do more of a reduced au ju instead of the liquid version which was just ok. Another disappointment was they were out of the Scallops and Bacon appetizer on a Wednesday.  Danyella was helpful to recommend some other app options but we had our hearts set on the scallops.My companion was in the mood for a brownie Sunday but was ready to go home.  Danyella was nice enough to box it up to-go for us and was prompt with the bill so the ice-cream wouldn't melt before we got home.Overall a nice experience with some food hick ups but will definitely be back!
4	We came here for my husband's birthday.  The service was attentive and very warm, the Steaks and lobster were perfectly cooked and moderately priced... How can you go wrong?
1	Do yourself a favor and skip this place. I had never been here before, but it was close to where our friends lived and we invited them to dinner. I asked the waiter for his recommendation and he said The Keg was noted for its great prime rib. I asked if it was really, really tender. He assured me it was. I ordered it medium, pink with a warm center. When the prime rib arrived I could not believe my eyes. It was an awful grey color. I took one bite and could not eat any more. The flavorless meat was so tough that it hurt my teeth. The waiter took it away. I ordered pork ribs which was so-so. At the end of my meal the waiter brought me a much appreciated finger bowl. He forgot to mention that the water in the finger bowl was boiling hot. I got a blister on my right hand when I dipped it in the bowl. It took 5 minutes to get the waiter's attention. When I told him about the temperature of the water he said, "Yeah we serve it hot." Unbelievable. Our dinner with our friends was a total disaster. I refuse to pay good money for mediocrity.Edit
4	We come to the Keg at least twice a year - for my birthday and my husband's birthday.  We always get the free dinner coupon via email.  Their food is always delicious.  We ordered the prime rib combination dinner:  10 oz prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes and veggies (zucchini, bell peppers and mushrooms) - medium rare.  It was good as always. We also ordered the mushrooms neptune for an appetizer and it was really good.  It came with 2 rolls to seep in any leftover juices from the mushroom sauce.  We also ordered the calamari which came out looking really sad.  It was scarce mixed in with some fried bell peppers and fried slices of jalapenos.  It seemed overcooked and had been sitting under the heating lamp for a while.  We let the manager know, who happened to be walking past our table and he quickly apologized and offered to bring us another appetizer - he suggested the bacon wrapped scallops.  When those came out, they were hot and tasted really good.  When the bill came, we saw that Chaz (manager) had taken off the calamari and comp'd us the bacon wrapped scallops.  That was really kind of him. Overall, the service was great, our server was very accommodating and prompt.  She was super friendly.  I also like the "kids" plate that they bring out at the beginning with slices of oranges, crackers and celery.  My son enjoyed that.  We'll definitely keep coming back.
4	This restaurant is amazing! Offers veggie options, seafood, steak, chicken, you name it. The ambiance makes this a great place for romantic dates, special occasions, or even a business meeting. The layout offers a variance of options -- quiet and cozy, in the center of the action, bar fly, or relaxed outdoors.The servers are all very professional and knowledgable on menu items as well as the wine list. My only suggestion for improvement is that they implement organic/sustainable/locally grown produce and meats into their menu.
2	My first experience at Keg Steakhouse and Bar was super disappointing.... I came with some of my family, we had a rough week with a family member in the hospital and I had missed my brothers birthday so we were looking for some good comforting food to put us in a happily needed food coma! And they had prime rib, which my mom had been craving - She never goes out and splurges on a nice meal, and I love taking care of her when I am in town. First off our server was friendly and efficient... but that's really where the good ends and the bad starts.But on to the disappointing part, I don't know what was happening in their establishment on this particular night, but It seemed as though every item I ordered they were out of... And It was early, our reservation was for 7:15pm. First the cocktail I wanted they couldn't make - It had kiwi and they were out of kiwi (but of course after I was informed they were out of it, I saw someone drinking the kiwi martini, who had come in after I did... It would have been nice if the server informed me that they had kiwi back in stock and that would have been an easy $8.00 added on to my bill)Now on to the appetizer order, I ordered the Mushrooms Neptune, the Calamari and the cheese toast - Of course they were out of the Mushrooms Neptune. Not looking so good here, We should have left. The apps that they did have came and were good - Calamari was crispy and had good dipping sauces.Then we order entrees - My mom and I both ordered the Prime Rib, waitress takes order, out come our salads and soups then out comes the waitress with menus informing us that they were OUT OF PRIME RIB! The whole reason we came here to dine was for the prime rib and they run out at 7:45 on a Saturday Night.... So bummed, more so since I know how much my mom was looking forward to the prime rib and she had a rough week, and it was strange that it took our waitress a good 20 minutes to inform us that they had run out, super unprofessional. So we ordered bone in rib eyes instead which were yummy but not prime rib :/On the flip side management sent over a few deserts on the house, but to be honest I don't know if that is enough redemption for me to want to quite frankly take a chance and come back and dine here or recommend it to anyone else. I understand one slip up, but every time I turned around something else was hitting the fan. The meal was pretty pricey ($280.00), and we left disappointed!
5	I can not put enough positive words together to describe this restaurant! The staff, management, cocktails, food, and atmosphere are exceptional!! This is a definite enjoyable dining experience on all levels!
5	Every time that my family and/or friends go here for a special occasion (the last time was for my birthday this year): the staff was always accommodating and friendly. We are always pleased with their services and we have been going there for 7 years. The food is delicious and savory each time. I try to change up my eating preferences because I am never disappointed with what they have on the menu. Not to mention, they have great management.
5	If you like steak and a nice relaxing atmosphere, this is a great place. I always enjoy the Prime Rib. Always great. I have been to 4 locations. 3 in British Columbia and this one in Phoenix, AZ. Never have been disappointed.
4	We came here for dinner Friday night during happy hour.  We sat outside on the patio and it was a beautiful night out so that helped with the overall ambiance.  The HH wine was excellent. They gave huge pours and it was only $6 a glass. My husband had a HH shrimp dish which he liked.  We split a Filet with vegetables, shrimp and scallops.  I would say the food overall was good, can't really complain.  Our bill was around $57 and for all we ate, it was a great deal for a steak restaurant. What really wow'd me at this location was the service. I thought it was top notch, not a thing was forgotten and the execution was flawless, therefore they get 4 stars.
5	Expertly crafter steak, great happy hour, and great service and atmosphere. Try the Goat Cheese...change your life
5	Best steaks in Phoenix for the money..My steak was cooked to a perfect medium and was absolutely delicious.You cant go wrong with this place.The atmosphere was great! I definitely recommend it!
5	I feel horrible that I haven't updated my review for the keg! After my last dining experience I thought for sure there was no way I would ever go back the keg! But I received an e-mail via yelp from the owner of the establishment apologizing for the service that we had received and said to let her know next time we went back in.So we went back a few weeks ago and our second time was leaps and bounds better than our first. They had the prime rib (which was seriously fabulous and cooked to perfection!), our server was amazing and on top of things and I had my kiwi cocktail! The stars aligned that night and we had a perfect evening! I can not wait to go back to The Keg to eat their delicious food, experience their fabulous service and the beautiful ambiance. Kudos also to the general manager who was genuinely concerned with my experience the first time at the Keg - He was really interested in hearing my concerns and wanted to know what they could do better in the future to making dining there a much more positive experience. For that reason alone it shows the pride they take in the restaurant and are concerned about YOUR experience and I will be back.... and bragging to everyone about this place.
1	I ask for a soda water with a lemon and got  it with a lime. Ask to have my steak medium and it was under cooked...medium rare. I expected better service and better food for the money. They recooked my sirloin....didn't give me a new one. I ordered sirloin oscar so the bernaise  sauce was not replace thus the dish was ruined. I will not be back and wish I would have gone to Longhorn Steakhouse.
4	I have been to The Keg several times but it's been well over a year since my last visit. My wife ended up getting a $25 off coupon for her Bday so we decided to try it out again and I'm glad that we did. This location in Desert Ridge is very nice and well maintained. We started with calamari which was excellent and I had ordered the bacon wrapped filet prepared medium and the wife had the blue cheese filet also prepared medium. Both game out prepared well. I liked that my filet was charred on the outside but tender in the middle. In my opinion the blue cheese filet was more tasty. I liked how the blue cheese accompanied the steak. I would order that one next time. After the warm bread to start and the filling steaks we had to pass on desert which was a shame:-(. Overall The Keg is a solid 4-4.5 rating restaurant. My only complaint was that we each ordered a vanilla porter tap beer for dinner, expecting it to just be a pint. I didn't specify on size but when we got our beers they were the large 22oz. I didn't complain but after 3/4 of a way through the beer I started to get tired of the sweet vanilla flavor. Would have preferred a 16oz pint way more than a large. Would have been nice to have the choice too. That is about my only complaint.
5	My husband made reservations for our family for a Friday night to celebrate our sons last night home on leave before he returned back to his base. Danny Sanchez took the reservation and told my husband to ask for him when we got to the restaurant.  When my husband asked for Danny Sanchez, he came over to our table to shake our sons hand and to thank him for his service.  Customer Service was Awesome, the food was fantastic. We will definitely be back! Thank you for making our last night with our family together a memorable event. Chad and Candi Carter
5	I love this place. If you like upscale restaurants at a reasonable price, The Keg is the place to be. Handsomely appointed and great service make this place a bargain by anyones definition. Last time i went there we enjoyed great bar service by the bartender before going into the main dining room. The food was just perfect and as advertised. I had the NY strip with the peppercorn preparation and it was perfectly cooked all the way around. Had nice veggies and potatoes with the entree wad a nice departure from the typical steakhouse which jams you at every turn for $10-20 per person for ala carte sides. Keep up the great work!
1	I gave one star because the food was good.... Service terrible. My husband and I went out for our last date night for a while before welcoming our son into the world. We were seated quickly and a server introduced himself because our server was busy with a big party needless to say we had FOUR different servers which is ok but our appetizers bread and entrees came out within 5 minutes of eachother. Frustrating to say the least then the server came by and asked if we would like our filets put under the heat lamp while we finished our appetizers both of us enjoy our steaks medium rare/medium so a heat lamp is deff not a solution. I'm not one to complain but if I am going somewhere spending over $30 a plate I'd enjoy not being rushed through our entire meal. Will not be returning anytime soon.
5	Food here is always good! Tonight is my husband bday so we came here with the kids(teenagers) and Megan(in the bar area) made our experience even better! We'll definitely be back for more amazing food and service!
5	What's not to like?Friendly hostess.Beautiful interior with carpets and a lot of wood - keeps the noise level down.Attentive and helpful server.Nice selection of appetizers, main courses and desserts on the menu.Fair price for what you get (if you're looking for a cheap steak dinner - look elsewhere).I've been here a number of times. We each had a glass of wine.  I had the NY Strip and my wife had the Prime Rib on our last visit. Delicious and cooked to perfection.  We shared a Billy Miner Pie for dessert.  Before tip - about $85. Not bad.We'll be back!
2	Party of 7 went on a Thursday night.  We chose the Keg because of previous good experiences.    It seems they have implemented some cost saving measures lately and the experience was noticeably less quality.   Service was good, but food was very slow.  It took almost 1 full hour to get food.     Two of the items had to be sent back to kitchen because they were incorrect.  Something very minor, but noticeable, is they no longer have mouthwash or mints in the bathroom.  Keg used to be top notch, but they seem like they are cutting corners.
5	It was our date night and we decided to try The Keg. Food was excellent, the staff was great, great value for the $, our server Cody was the best!! We will be back!
4	We have eaten here twice now. The first time was amazing. We each had the filet dinners. Very tender, moist and flavorful. Service was friendly and prompt each time.  The second time we came (which was for our anniversary) my filet was very undercooked and when I cut into it, the toothpick was left in it that was supposed to hold the bacon (which was non existent). The manager was exceptional in responding to the issue since I had to wait a while to get a properly prepared steak while my husband ate.  Even with the mixup on my food, due to the way the issue was handled we absolutely hands down will be back. Mistakes happen but it's all in how the establishment tries to correct it, and this places knows how to get it done!
4	Visiting from connecticut and have never been in a keg steakhouse. We ate in the bar area and waitress courtney was pleasant, informative and very nice.  Manager came over to apologize for delay in my chop salad. It took a long time.  They apologized up front, again and manager came back to make sure steaks were cooked right and hot.  Courtney had us comped desert and they also went above and beyond with an additionial discount.   They made sure we were over satified manager was rob I think.  They make sure to take care of you and care.  Ask to have courtney as your server I will when I come back
4	The bar is low light and the music moderate. Televisions are easy to see. The snack menu offers good variety and quality food. The bartender is knowledgeable and friendly.
5	This was my first time a the restaurant and it was very good.  I had a very tasty steak that was cooked to perfection.  It was juicy and full of flavor.  When my order came I didn't get everything  I asked for.  The backed potato came plan instead of with everything on it.  So told the waitress and within 3 min a new baked potato was on the table with everything on it :).  To my surprise she left the other potato there too.The service was very good and the atmosphere was warm and cozy.  I will be going here again and again.
2	I don't get it. The food is very average. The garlic toast is greasy and kid food. The bacon wrapped scallops are laughable in size, presentation and taste. The steaks are grocery store quality. What's the big deal about a twice baked potato? Nothing special. Nothing at all. Oh, and they cooked my medium rare steak to medium well. It's a glorified Sizzler without the salad bar which I would have welcomed over the wedge salad which was served only with bacon bits and not great, SIsco food service blue cheese dressing. Yuk. It ain't cheap either.
4	A friend and I visited the Keg on 04/29/14.  The restaurant was moderately crowded and it has a full service bar.  We waited for a table for approximately 10 minutes, just enough time to receive our first drink from the bar.  We both ordered steaks. I had the NY strip, which is my favorite.  I know cuts of meat and how to prepare them, so I'm a little more critical of those who don't prepare them properly or know what the proper temperatures of steaks should be at rare, medium and well done.  I ordered mine medium and it was cooked EXACTLY like it should be.  Well done!!  The steak was quite large and flavorful, with very little fat.  Service was attentive, friendly and proper.  Four stars to The Keg!  I will return soon and I recommend that readers try this restaurant.  I had a very good experience.  One other point; the music in the restaurant was not turned up so loudly that we couldn't talk and hold a conversation.  I find so often when you turn a restaurant over to kids, they turn the volume up so loud you have to shout to your guest.  Not so here.  Again, very well done!
2	I took a friend there last night. When I made the reservation they asked if it was a special occasion which it was and I so told then - a birthday. The reservation was for 7 and we were promptly seated at that time. Our server was AJ. I kidded him that AJ was not a name - maybe a mistake to do that. I had the sirloin, chopped vegetable salad and a shrimp cocktail. She had the dungeness crab and a glass of wine. She was quite happy with her food. My steak was flavorful but slightly over done. The shrimp were great but the vegetable salad was not to my liking - my bad - I only ate a few bites.I have eaten at this location several times before I moved and found both the food and the service very good but that was a few years ago. AJ was very inattentive. Especially noticeable with the relatively light crowd at the beginning.  He returned to the table only when needed except for once to remove my plate. He passed our booth several times when serving the adjacent booth with a larger party. He did not ask about the uneaten salad. He dis not ask if we wanted more to drink, how the food was, or if we wanted any dessert (I had planned on having the great sounding Billy Miner pie).My friend took it on herself to talk to the manager on the way out. He was polite but did not seem very concerned. A mild apology and saying he would talk to AJ. Somehow I don't think he did hence this review.Very doubtful that I will return - it is a distance to travel for such service. And BTW - no acknowledgment of the special occasion. Why did they ask?
2	I have been to this restaurant dozens of times throughout the years. I find the steaks are always good, but the seafood is really hit or miss. Was there yesterday and my lobster was totally over cooked. It was like complete rubber. It was barely edible. I should have known better to order it there, but I love surf and turf so I gave it a shot. Very disappointing.
4	Awesome steak! I had a baseball cut and it was amazing!!!
4	Came here for restaurant week, they really had a nice selection for $30, had the wedge salad, the sirloin Oscar with a twice baked potato, and a fudge brownie for dessert. Waitress was awesome and food was good!
4	It's a bit pricey, but the patio and the bar are both good environments. The filet is probably the best thing on the menu. I like sitting in the lounge of the bar.. Nice comfortable seats and the dining area seems sterile to me.
3	The several visits I've had before tonight were all pretty flawless. Tonight started off with several challenges but management is only aware of one of them.  My fault for not insisting they know. Hostess - not horrible but she made us wait even though she said "there is no wait right now". Then said she would seat us in a few moments. Seconds later another twosome shows up literally in our shadow and they got seated immediately.  Then as punishment for pointing this out, sat us in the "over flow" seating area next to the kitchen where I felt like I was manning the wheel on the line. The Server - Austin was a very polite young man, but I was specific with my server when I ordered my Manhattan "on the rocks".  He of course brings out a glass of ice and a shaker...then dumps it over my rocks glass of ice. THAT IS CALLED AN "UP AND OVER". I don't know what had happened to the Bartenders of today who think every goddam drink needs to be served in a fucking shaker!  On the rocks means the alcohol is poured directly over the ice in the glass Im going to drink it out of.  One other tip - adding bitters to the Manhattan does nothing for this drink - 86 it!My Entree - ordered Caesar salad followed by Lobster & Prime Rib rare. Received mostly well done piece of bicycle tire. Kudos to the manager who promptly replaced it with a fresh and delicious cut.  The Lobster was outstanding too!All in all, for a $150 next time I'll cook this meal and save myself at least a c-note.
4	Nice atmosphere,  wide variety of food to choose from. Great place to take a date or a special occasion.  The bar is nice also if you want to catch a game. Get a drink then catch a movie at AMC across the way. Crab cakes are awesome.
4	Went here once a while back and remember it was quite nice. Not too loud which is good. The food was really food and the portions were big so sharing food might be a good idea at times! The service is not the greatest though, which is why I took a star off.
4	Went here this past Tuesday with my wife.  We arrived at about 6:45; we didn't have a reservation and the place was PACKED.  The hostess offered to put our name on the list and told us it would be about 45 minutes.  We had her put out name down, and we went to the bar to grab a drink before happy hour ended at 7.  I believe the drink specials were $4 wells and beers, $6 wine and selected cocktails.  She had a wine, I had a Keg Margarita.  The margarita was nothing special, but I'm a bit of a tequila/margarita snob.We managed to find table in the bar area large enough to accommodate my in-laws, who met us around 7.  I ordered the 8-oz top sirloin dinner ($28, I believe).  It came with a salad, a baked potato (that I loaded with toppings) , and about 2 bites of asparagus.  I ordered it medium-rare, and it was cooked perfectly.  The steak was juicy and tasty; I saved some to take home with me.My wife got the crab legs.  She's really into crab legs generally; me, not so much.  She enjoyed them.Overall, a pretty good place.  My wife and I paid about $90 after tax and tip for 2 full meals, 1 drink each, and split a shrimp cocktail with my in-laws.  Because we were in the bar area, it was a bit loud, but that didn't bother me.  We had a good time, and I'll definitely go back for happy hour at some point.  It's a bit on the pricey side for dinner, but a pretty good "occasions"-place.Get a reservation EARLY if you want to sit in the dining room, even midweek.
3	The keg is a good place to hang out after work! Happy hour is decent and it's never too crowded, which may be a good or bad thing. I've never had a bad experience but at the same time, it's never been anything special.
5	the best food and atmosphere.  everything is wonderful down to the dessert.  this place is not for kids!!!!!
3	3 words - s car goone of the few places that serves it and they do a bang up jobthrow in a Manhattan and I'm happy
3	Food was good but not great. I'll go back and try it again, maybe it'll change my mind.
5	Came here today for a 430 pm reservation to celebrate my husbands birthday. We were given a coupon for his birthday for a free meal, but I guess they self destruct after a few weeks and it was no longer in his emails. Our waiter got us a dessert on the house though which was super nice.My husband got the baseball steak and it was super tasty! Very red and flavorful...they can only cook it to medium rare. We both loved it (I took a small bite to try) He also got the twice baked potato...so good! I got an end cut prime rib. Very good, but I wish it was not so well done. Server (Bryan) did warn me on this, but my Aunt told me to order it that way so I did, next time I'll do another cut (yes there will be a next time) I as well got the twice baked because YUM!He got a Guinness and I got the Orange Slice Martini (not on menu because it's a favorite well known classic) deliciousness! For dessert they gave us the mud pie I think it was called. Sooo good. Coffee ice cream on top of an Oreo crust with thinly sliced almonds and drizzled chocolate and caramel sauces! Service is very good there...never had a bad experience. The servers are there when needed and near by when they are not needed (I hope that doesn't sound awful) a tall young manager came out and spoke to us about our meal too. I guess we have been that lucky of all the times we've gone we have never had bad service.
5	The KEG has never disappointed.  I frequently go there for special occasions.  There steak and fries are so delicious!  And for dessert, their cheesecake is the best I have ever eaten.  It easily makes the Cheesecake Factory's cheesecake taste terrible.  Like heaven in a bite.  Their servers are always nice and the manager makes sure to come buy and see if everyone is doing good.  That is one thing that is special to the KEG that I love.
4	Update.I went in again a few weeks ago to use my birthday coupon.  I know, I know.  I ragged about this place horribly, and then still went back.  You'd think I just like to complain or something.  ;)  But, $25 is $25, so what the hell.And...it didn't suck!!  For the first time ever, we did not get plates stacked upon each other.  They've really cleaned up their service, so they get a star back.Food is the same - good value for the price.Good job, Keg!  :)
5	My boyfriend told me about this place.  He had been to the one in Canada and this location is the closet one to home.  (about 6 hours away) After a few weeks I gave in a decided if it meant that much to him we would make the trip.   ABSOULTY LOVED IT!!   I had the bleu cheese filet that was wrapped in bacon with twice baked potatoes.   It was to die for.    I also tried a lemon drop martini that was also delicious.   I also had to sample his prime rib cheeseburger and I must say I was also very impressed.    Our witness and the hostess were all very polite and we will be back next time we are in AZ.
5	Service and food was amazing.  Had a bit of a wait to get in, but definitely was worth the wait.  Prices a dash on the higher end of the spectrum but when your dealing with quality you need to expect to pay more.  At the end of the night and a $120 less in my pocket I can definitely say it was more than worth it.
5	Enjoyed happy hour in the bar and a wonderful dinner with a group of 7 last night.   The food was excellent and the staff really went above and beyond to accommodate us. The manager even personally turned out an overly bright lightbulb to assist my hubby who is very light sensitive and gets migraines. We a enjoyed our meals and our waiter was very kind (even to a certain difficult member of our party, for whom we apologize). A couple people had chicken and it was a little dry. The waiter inquired why it hadn't been finished and informed the manager it could have been better. The manger came over an apologized and removed the cost of the chicken. I always have a good experience at The Keg and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal with great service.
4	Hubby and I both had center cut prime rib. It was ok...surprising that it wasn't as flavorful as my previous primes here. Oh well I won't hold it against them.  Twice baked potato was tasty as always...splurged and got the Brie cheese appetizer, that was pretty tasty! Service was good as usual! I think our waiters name was Chris, and he was very good.
3	Split the bacon wrapped scallops, they were good.  The bacon had great flavor but wasn't as crispy as I like it...but I know that's difficult because of the cook time for scallops.  I had the crab leg entree, it looked like more than a pound, it is a big serving.  The meat was dry, which was a bit weird.  My husband did the steak and half lobster, he said they were fine, nothing wrong but nothing to rave about.  We both had the sangria (red) and we liked it a lot.  I would come back for cocktails and snacks but probably not dinner.  2 dinners, 1 appetizer and 2 drinks was $98 so prices aren't bad.
4	Love this place! Has some of the best martinis in the area! Would definitely recommend this place for casual late night drinks
4	Very nice steakhouse. Great ambiance. Very nice staff. Our waiter AJ was great. The food was very good. I expected my steak to be more tender. But everyone else in our large party only had good things to say.
5	Went to dinner, sat in the bar on the leather chairs, had bacon wrapped filet mignon and lobster with a wedge salad, and bacon wrapped scallops.  Patron silver.  Hello, great place, watched the dodger game all dinner, great music!
5	Great food and service. Enjoyed the atmosphere and a great meal
3	Living in Cave Creek - decided a steak at The keg was in order as decent steaks in Cave Creek are on the endangered species list and haven't been seen for a couple of years - sorry Harolds/Cartwrights etc, steaks are not your sweet spot..... Back to The Keg. The Brie appetizer was fabulous, the wine was just as good. Our waiter, Mat was on day 9 of his adventure and a little nervous but did well and will be a super star at Keg in a couple on months..The entree, both steaks were mediocre, cooked the right amount but not the best cut of meat, the baked potato was over cooked and tasteless. (Papadeax (on I17) has the best baked pots The deserts were pretty average.Overal its an OK place but with so many really good steakhouses close by, The Keg will need to step up its game if it is going to have a long term future at Desert Ridge.
5	The food was absolutely delicious. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Very nice setting. Would recommend
5	Wow! I am a steak man, and I've been to some fine steakhouses. We chose The Keg because our daughter suggested it, but has never been here. I ordered a ribeye Chicago style (charred outside) med rare. Absolutely fantastic!! Done to perfection! Whoever is responsible for this bovine deserves a raise.Not to mention the appetizers (calamari and bacon wrapped scallops) are very tasty. Our waiter Jeff was outstanding. Very helpful, accommodating, and a great personality (another raise management) This young man, when asked where the restroom was, didn't point, but actually escorted me. Kudos to The Keg and all responsible for such a fine establishment. Keep up the outstanding work, Godspeed!
4	This was my first time at this restaurant, I have heard good reviews about it do I decided it go to check it out. The environment was cozy, the servers were friendly and on top of things. The food was delicious, however I felt like it was overpriced. For instance, I ordered crab cakes it was delicious; however it was $13 for two small crab cakes; I was disappointed. Secondly, I got the blue cheese steak or something for my main meal and it was delicious; however the presentation looked like they just threw it on the plate.
5	We had only dined at one other location for this restaurant, in Chandler, so this was our first time at the Desert Ridge location.  We had a FANTASTIC server, named Mikaela(sp?) and although we had a very small issue with cold mashed potatoes, the manager, Danny, came over and not only took off the entire meal in question, but gave us free dessert! He wanted to give all 4 of us freebies, but we were so full from a fantastic meal, we only accepted 2 desserts to share.  Every single person we encountered at this location, from the hostess, to our server, to even the "bus boys" and of course, the Manager, we super friendly and just spot on!  Nice to have finally had a restaurant with FANTASTIC customer service in Arizona!  Kudos to this entire staff!  We will DEFINITELY be back!
3	Service was good. Filet was nice. Sea bass was incredibly fishy tasting. So if you're looking for seafood, try somewhere else. Otherwise I would return to eat a steak.
5	Very nice restaurant but not too fancy. Quality of food is fantastic.  I do not think you could have a bad meal.  Our server Tara was so sweet, classy & attentive.  Can wait to go back.
5	I came here with my family last night for dinner, and I was definitely satisfied with my experience.We ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer, and they were absolutely delicious. I also got a caesar salad, which was very good, and the bread was warm and tasty. For my entree, I got the filet mignon, and it was cooked perfectly. Probably the best filet I've had.The wait staff was very polite and knowledgable, and our waiter was more than willing to answer any questions we had. Would definitely come back.
5	Love love this place. My fiance took me here for a date and the experience was one of the best. Service was on point, wine bottle selection very good, and food was excellent. I'll recommend this place for a special night out or if you just in the mood for a good piece of steak for a decent price. I gave 5 star because everything was on point. I recommend this place any day or time.
4	I have eaten here on numerous occasions. The steaks are good but the prime rib is terrific! Remember that this a Canadian based restaurant, so if you order a Caesar you may get their version of a bloody mary made with clam juice.;-)Their stuffed mushrooms and twice baked potato are spot on.They have a nice bar, patio seating and a large dining room. Prices are very reasonable for a steak house and the food is good.
4	We have been dining at The Keg ever since it has been open in Desert Ridge. Staff is always very pleasant and accommodating. Good steaks, great HH. Always look forward going back!
5	The atmosphere is nice and intimate. Our server was very nice (Claire) and was quick to ask us if we needed anything. We ordered the tuna tartare for an appetizer and it was good for two and yummy!! I ordered the Manhattan steak with  twiced baked potato which was amazing!! Loved the food and drinks (try the Kentucky Buck) and had a nice dinner!! Can't wait to come back soon!!
4	My family went to The Keg as a graduation celebration.  We arrived late after the ceremony and it wasn't very crowded.  We were immediately seated and there was a congratulation card signed by the staff already at the table for my son, a very nice touch and started the dinner off very well.  We went there for steak and intended to just order our favorite cuts with the usual side dishes.  THEN...we noticed the "Feature Cuts", and there was no turning back.  They take your favorite cut of meat and add sauces and other flavors to create truly awesome dishes.  We went from just having steak to the Blue Cheese Filet, Sirloin Oscar, and Peppercorn New York.  All were terrific. Overall the experience was excellent, the food was great and the staff was extremely friendly, efficient and helpful.The only thing keeping The Keg from 5 stars is the price.  It is expensive!  You get what you pay for, but you pay a lot.  $300 for 5 people to me is a lot, your tastes may vary.  If this is in your price range, your money will not be better spent elsewhere.
5	The best steak I've had I a long time! Very tender steak and the best twice baked potato ever. Service was wonderful to match!!
3	1/2/2015 my husband and I dined here while on vacation. The concierge told us it was not up to snuff but she said it with a hoity attitude that we went any way. The service was excellent. The pour for wine and liquor was great! The food.. I am sad to say.. Over cooked. Low quality food period. They are trying but music was loud and hard. Not meant for dinning more for club! Club lighting in ladies bathroom was so dark was scary!. I would pay more for better steak and veggies. Keep trying folks.
