2	Bleh.Don't be fooled by the really cool wooden exterior and the mysterious interior. Ooud always caught my eye, and after a google I realised that their menu was actually really very appealing - especially their breakfast menus. And it looked quite cheap! So I wasted no time in toddling along to get my morning grenola. The entire menu looks really impressive and I made a silent vow to come back for dinner sometime while waiting to be served.My waiting time was quite extreme - I had to wait 15 minutes to be dealt with (there was one customer infront of me) only to be told that there was no grenola....nope sorry, can't have a croissant either...no, freshly out of fruit. I left Ooud Kitchen feeling very sorry for myself.I think I just had a bad experience, I fully intend to go back for lunch or maybe dinner, but I didn't enjoy my first visit. It's a shame, because it has so much potential with the really cool decoration and the mouth-watering menu. Watch this space...
3	Ooooud Kitchen seems to have popped up out of nowhere. Don't remember it arriving or anyone talking about it. I sat down here the other day and ordered the mezze platter, just because I didn't really know what else to have. It was just ok, i think they should spend less time making the platter visually impressive and more time trying combos that suited each other. It was a big enough portion but the price was a little peaky. However the staff were very friendly and I didn't have to wait long for it to arrive.Greek salad with mint sauce... simply, No!
3	This cafe/restaurant has been open on and off since last October, but finally became a permanent presence in Bruntsfield this February! I was drawn in by the name, which appeared quite ambiguous to me; after studying the menu outside I could pick up on the mediterranean influence but still couldn't pin point exactly where. It turns out that it's because Ooud isn't exactly limiting itself to just one region, though quite a few of the dishes are inspired by North african cuisine.From greek to middle eastern dishes, their menu seems tantalizing, but I'll have to go back for a meal to be completely convinced, because all I had time for was one of their deserts, delicious baklava! They're still trying out new combinations and altering the menu, so who know's what'll be on offer by the time I go back?!
3	I liked the look of this place from the outside, kinda Mediterranean crossed with Middle Eastern influences. Also the name confused me so I promptly went in to investigate how it should be pronounced, but left still just as unsure as the staff. Ooud is open all day and has a brunch menu, a kind of all day tapas menu, including platters and and an evening menu. I went for a few of the tapas options, as the platters looked okay but I didn't like all the dishes on each one and there is no mix and match option. The food (lamb kofta, patatas and an orange, fennel and black olive salad) was okay, but nothing to write home about. Also there was quite a long wait for what was pretty simple food really. The evening specials look quite appetising but at upwards of ten punds you can find much better places for your money. The teas were good, offering a range of herbal ones but overall the impression was pretty average. Not too bad for Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food but definitely not the best by a long way
3	Been into Ooud a few times and still don't really know what this place is all about. I'm sure there was a business plan wrapped around a decent eating experience, but getting consistency in quality and service seems to be a major issue. This is a real shame because had they got it right,I'm sure Ooud could have been a queue out the door type place for the owners.After mysterious renovations they now seem to have opened an exclusive gift boutique where part of the cafe had been. Some nice looking stuff but I think a refocus on the food side would have paid bigger dividends.Not sure I would vouch for Ooud to friends as a place to travel any distance to for food, but if you're passing it's worth a gamble. You may be pleasantly surprised.
4	I've had takeaway from Ooud twice and have eaten in twice now.  The takeaway wraps are ok, not brilliant, but I have thoroughly enjoyed my eat-in meals.  As I said, I've been twice and the menu has been different both times.  Another reviewer said that they were working out the kinks so maybe that was the case.  I 've just gone on their website and I believe I had the Mankoosha with falafel, while my friend had the chicken.  We both absolutely enjoyed the flavour combinations as well as the presentation of the food.  It was great fun being able to take a bit from each little pot of food/toppings to make your own flatbread sandwich.So, as for the food, I was impressed.The service however leaves something to be desired.  People have always been nice, but food comes out painfully slowly.  Once we were seated for 15-20 minutes before being told there was something wrong with the gas.  That is not ok at the best of times, but especially so when I am on a 45 minute lunch break.  I'm still giving this place 4 stars because this was all before they closed for aaaaaaaaaaaaages and reopened at the end of 2010 with a new look.  I am hoping that they were just getting themselves sorted because I really did enjoy the food and am looking forward to going back.
2	Thought id give this place another try......I'f Ooud did anything well before it was to deliver fresh produce with a bit of a twist. This included freshly made unleven breads to mop up the array of dips on diner's plates.  This time out the food seemed quite tired, very dry falafel with a few spoonfuls of dips around the edge. Visually it didn't set the world on fire but I thought it might be rescued by a side of fresh baked bread.  Tearing the bread apart was a bit like breaking into the plastic surround of a Gillette Mach 3 razor. You had to bend it a few times until there was a bit of give then try a quick snap of the wrist to get a ripping motion going. Could be wrong but I think a microwave may have figured somewhere in heating this up.I really love the idea of Ooud Kitchen and maybe I've been unlucky, but experience suggests they're not quite there yet.
