5	The ultimate java drive through joint! Coffee is aromatic and sturdy. Much like my Aunt Miriam in Berkley. Staff is SO friendly and accommodating. I've never been inside, so as far as I know they are only torsos serving me. I've had the breakfast burrito and it was perfect for eating in the car. Yes, I was driving and eating. Bad driver! Bad! At least I wasn't texting! A couple of times I've had our dog with me and they always throw in a Scooby snack for Emilie. This is the obvious alternative to Starsucks. And if the line gets too long, they come out in person to take orders and get your morning liquid bean fix started!
4	Rolled in before my class at SCC, and had the place to myself. Snacked on the hummus and veggie platter (cilantro and jalapeno hummus was tasty and tangy!).  Sipped a lemonade, then got an iced coffee to go.Wish this place was closer to my home, especially with the drive thru, but will definitely be back when I'm in the Scottsdale area.
4	I needed some coffee today... so I rolled through the drive through and ordered my usual triple shot cappuccino with honey.   They do a great job here and I will definitely be back.  The coffee here rivals my usual spot copper star coffee.  The drive through is awesome... I love not having to get out of my car:).
5	I am so happy we chose this place for January Yelp Office Hours today... we had a great turnout, but better than that, I found my new favorite Old Town area coffee shop!I started out with a hot peppermint tea, and a few hours later, I chose a breakfast sandwich for lunch - let me tell you... it was d'lish!  Kyle and Chad - great name for your place, and thanks for the hospitality also.  I can't wait for my next visit as I hear the dirty chai (chai tea latte with espresso shots) and the breakfast buzz shake are winning combinations as well.  I love that there are so many healthy options on the menu to choose from.  Not to mention outdoor seating, good vibe/music inside, and a drive-thru - how cool is that?!
5	WOW!! This place is awesome. I love local coffee establishments. The place had a really homey feel to it. The art design on the wall gave the place a unique feel. They're hand drawn and painted, which separates itself from the Starbucks mass-produced art work. I loved the fact they used Pandora as their music source. Lots of great collection from indie musicians. I ordered the 12oz Mocha which was very delightful to the palette. It was smooth and refreshing, it didn't have that burn taste. It was just great! Their menu is VERY healthy.The owners are very welcoming and great to talk to. I like how they interact with the customers which give it that personal connection. I'm definitely going back to this place it's just a GREAT place to hang!!This place has potential. They are expanding their menu so watch for goodies within the next couple of months. They buy a lot of their produce from local farms which help sustain the community - I'm a big fan of that!!
3	Cute place!  Nice drive-thru window.  Adorable, really.  Nice patio-dining/lounging.  Noise-level inside was a little loud, but there were eight people, six of w/c were talkative yelpers (ha!), plus Kyle and Chad, owners of D'lish (who were, btw, easy on the eyes... a great asset for any business!).One special request- please offer Maya Chai!  While Oregon Chai tastes OK, I'm allergic (I suspect there are "natural flavors" involved), and organic Maya Chai is multiple-times better (and, most importantly, I don't recall feeling negative effects after)!Great spot to unwind and rejuvenate.  Will come back soon to try the food!
5	I LOVE it!! They've got a great vibe going on, a fabulous menu for a coffee shack, drive thru and a wrap around patio! Thank You Kyle and Chad for outstanding service and D'lish Drinks and food. I had a couple of their Berry Green Teas.....YUM... so refreshing! A breakfast sandwich wich was egg, bacon, avocado, tomato and pesto on a bialy. Mmmm! A Chai Latte Oh WOW that's tasty too and a sample of their Breakfast Buzz shake....let me tell you I was dreaming about it last night, unfortunately D'lish is a little out of the way to make my dream come true this morning, but, I promise to not be a stranger.
4	Checked out D'Lish with Gabi and crew. Really cool space with super-efficient drive-thru and friendly staff.I sampled the "Breakfast Buzz," which is a delicious smoothie made with espresso, Nestle good morning mix, banana, chocolate, and peanut butter. The owner claims the Breakfast Buzz has restorative properties for those suffering from hangovers.The coffee was also excellent. I'm 99% sure D'lish sources its beans from Echo Espresso on the west side. Bonus: you can buy 160 ounces of coffee (in a disposable insulated box) for 20 bucks. That might be enough to get your group through a PowerPoint presentation or two.
4	okay, i finally know the name of this place. i think it used to have different owners when it originally opened. i live 5 minutes from here (you know, on the other side of the tracks) and have been going here since it opened a few years ago. the quality of coffee drinks has gone up and up and up since the first time we tried it. i love their lattes as well as their plain old cup of joe. the service has always been great; typically my dog gets a treat if she's riding along with me through the drive-thru. great coffee, nice, local spot to support.
4	$10.50 got me a 16oz hot, dirty chai and chef salad. I loved me the hot, dirty chai. Plus, it's just fun to say. The salad was tasty. Great portion size. Often we think we can stuff our faces with lettuce, turkey slices and eggs...but we can't. Let's face it. D'lish does a great job of making a well-balanced salad. The guys who run this place are also very easy on the eyes. The menu is expansive, offering up breakfast choices with lighter fare, including smoothies. Ingredients are said to be mostly organic. Yep, I like this place alot, actually. And it's very cool they have a drive-thru. I also dug the music while I was there. It was from one guy's laptop; so you know he's got a great library of tunes. Thumbs up for me. If you haven't gone here, go. Even if it's for a coffee. You may find, though, that when you arrive, you can't resist their menu options.
4	Hangin' out at D'lish this AM,working the Wi-fi, drinking the java and enjoying the chill dance track soundtrack. Had a good (not great) egg 'n' cheese, and the barrista is generous with coffee refills. Definitely worth a visit if you're in S. Scottsdale. Fresh bunch of folks in and around.
4	I have been going here for as long as I can remember...ok, maybe not that long.  Early 2006?I am guess what you would call a 'drive through regular'.The Mocha Breve.It's not too sweet (a la starbucks)It's not too expensive (a la coffee bean and tea leaf)It is my perfect drink.  I stop by on my way to work (granted there is enough time and the line is not atrocious).It is manditory I go Saturday and Sunday mornings. I like to bring my dog - and he is always given a treat.  Because of D'Lish, my dog always expects to get a treat no matter where I take him in the car.  I go to the atm and he expects the machine to cough up a dog biscuit, I swear.  The coffee shop used to be called Daily Rush.  Many of the same faces are still around.  Rarely do I have to tell them what I want.  It's always the same: Mocha Breve 16 oz.A couple times - they've seen me waiting a car or two back in the drive-thru line - my coffee is ready before I even pull up to the first window. Yup, they get me.For lunch - I love their soups in the fall, winter, and breezy spring.   Their tomato soup is perfect coupled with the grilled cheese.  I do recommend drinks only -  if you are doing drive through. If you require food - their is usually ample parking.  It takes some time.A true testament to this place: It is one of the drawbacks of going on vacation.  I can never find coffee I like in other cities.  Daily Rush.. I mean, D'Lish is as good as it gets, in my opinion.  Cringing at the thought of ever-present starbucks.. vacation mornings make me long for home.If you are in south scottsdale - I recommend stopping by.
5	I started going through the drive through back when it was Daily Rush and got to know the owners at that time.  I loved giving the local guy business.When the new guys took over I was bummed to have to build a relationship all over again.  But I have to tell you they are kicking butt!!  The remodel is fabulous, the extension of the menu is great and they know what I want when I pull up.  Always nice to have someone know your drink :-)I can't wait to try the dirty Chai!Thanks so much for giving us this great drive thru in South Scottsdale!!
5	Sometimes I like it Hot and Dirty, and no one gives it to me better than Kyle and Chad. I'm talking Chai's people, get your mind outta the gutter! ;-) Seriously you need to try a Dirty Chai Latte!And if your not the type to want to hang around for meaningless small talk after you get it dirty, they have a drive thru for your convenience!
5	I had no idea this place was here until I read about it on Yelp. I think it's usually dark when I'm down there and I'm focused on getting into Los.I knew I was getting a Dirty Chai Latte. Pulled up to one window...should I stay? Go? pull forward? The pressure! Pulled forward and was greeted by a rather homely looking young guy..ha!Right? Homely! His shirt said "wanted" and he wasn't kidding. How could he know what was in my head?  Seriously beautiful. I even called my husband to tell him how beautiful this boy was. He's young. I don't know that he's a boy..I'm just sayin'. I almost didn't want to order my Dirty Chai Latte because I had to say "dirty" and I was afraid it would purrrrrr out of me like a cougar.I managed to order without purring. It was delicious and I was on my way. Life is good.
3	I was on my way to a meeting yesterday and I thought I would give this place a try (I just cannot abide Starbucks burnt coffee).I didn't do the drive through ( I wanted to take a look at the muffins, doctor up my coffee the way I wanted it, etc.).You know, I though it was a nice little coffee place. The muffin was pretty good (although certainly not fresh from the oven...but then what is these days?).The coffee was also pretty good (they didn't have a dark roast option, so "house" was it for me...I would prefer a little better selection from a place where the primary business is "coffee").They had to scramble around to get me some milk for my coffee, but scramble they did, and they came up with a carton after a couple minutes of digging in the refrigerator.The prices are reasonable, and that's always a plus. I will try them again.
4	Last Sunday, the man and I headed out to get breakfast, enjoy some coffee and have a lazy read of the day's paper.  He wanted to take to me to the place he stops at many mornings on his way to work, but alas, it wasn't open until 11am.  (Side note: A coffee shop that doesn't open til 11am?  On a Sunday?  Really?)  We looked at each with blank faces.  Where to go now?  We needed breakfast, coffee, wireless internet and a place where we could relax without feeling like we were preventing a server from turning the table.  So I said, "What about that little shack place further south on Scottsdale Rd.? You know the one that says coffee, breakfast, lunch on the sign outside."He said something along the lines of, "You're a f*$@ing genius."  His colleague had apparently been recommending this place for weeks and he hadn't tried it yet.  D'lish as it turned out to be called, was exactly what we were looking for.   As we walked up to the front door, we passed a lovely but small patio.  I was instantly charmed.  All along the patio are planters with homegrown tomatoes, herbs and other yummy garden delights.  When we walked in we checked out the menu and waited our turn.  Not sure who helped us but I'm assuming the two guys who we spoke with during our visit are Chad and Kyle.  The bf and I ordered the same thing: two breakfast croissants and two lattes.  The latte was great and satisfied the Sunday morning coffee craving.   The breakfast croissant?  Just delicious.  A fried egg, bacon and tomato with a light layer of pesto on the croissant.  Seriously delicious.  I don't know if I ever would have thought of pesto on an egg sandwich but I'm so glad that D'lish has broadened my culinary horizons.  The bf was equally satisfied with his meal, but did remark that he thought $6 was a bit expensive for a breakfast sandwich.  I think we paid a reasonable price for a quality product.  It is apparent to me that with a limited menu stocked with fresh ingredients, a garden on the patio and their status as a CSA drop off point, D'lish is trying to churn out food that is as fresh, natural, local and organic as possible.  Yay for them.  Chad and Kyle were nothing but friendly and welcoming.   A number of regulars came through while we were there and it was obvious they have quite a loyal following.  D'lish is small, no more than 20 or 30 could fit in the place.  However, they also have a drive thru to serve customers on the run.We'll be back and hope to be regulars soon!
4	Dlish is adorable! I have driven by many times and wanted to stop, but they are always closed because I am driving by at like 330 or 4 pm. This morning I woke up and needed some strong coffee, so I went to Dlish. I got the Veggie Burrito... AWESOME! Completely cured my hang over, soaked up all the alcohol! And The red eye completely woke me up! I am going to go back there for breakfast as much as possible. I am little disappointed in their lunch menu. It is lacking in vegetarian options( I am not a fan of egg salad sandwhichs and I am sick of the hummus craze!). I just noticed on there website they will be doing dinner soon- SO excited. I wish there were more little precious places like this in Scottsdale!
5	Delicious food. A little pricey for the type of food but when you factor in the fun atmosphere and amazing customer service, this is a great establishment My favorite local lunch place.
4	Cute little shop on the east side of Scottsdale road.  Minimal seating and parking, but of course they do much of their business through the drive thru.  Employees were very friendly and conversational, and the espresso was surprisingly good.  Prices were reasonable.  Will definitely return any time I'm in the area.
5	Introduced to D'lish today by a friend. I'd already had breakfast (although the menu looks great, lots of delicious sounding, healthy options) but he suggested a Chai coffee. I don't usually like Chai Tea, but I thought I'd give the Chai coffee a chance based on his recommendation.When I ordered, the server suggested a "Sexy Dirty Chai", which as lurid as it sounds means adding vanilla. The Sexy Dirty Chai Coffee over ice is hands down now my favorite coffee drink. The place is tiny, has a really cool, funky interior and also has a drive thru- a true local gem. The service is friendly and energetic and I plan to start my day here again soon :)
5	EAT AT D'LISH!Food is great. You can have a healthy breakfast/lunch or cure your hangover with fritatas and breakfast burritos. The coffee is the upper echelon as well.The atmosphere is great - friendly, hip, personal - the likes of which i haven't seen since I left Manhattan (with the exception of a couple vacations to San Francisco and Amsterdam).BIG PLUS: d'lish is staffed by pretty good looking people and the clientele is as friendly as they are. STOP DRIVING UP AND DOWN SCOTTSDALE RD. WONDERING "how that place d'lish is." I finally stopped in and have been back every Sat & Sun since.
4	I met Brian S at D'Lish for coffee and conversation.  D'oes that constitute a coffee klatch?  I D'on't know if it D'oes but we sat around for probably a couple hours enjoying the fresh outside air.  As fresh as it is on Scottsdale Rd. anyway.I had a mocha when I arrived and later a brewed coffee.  Both were, well, D'lish.  So I can vouch for the mocha and the brewed coffee but not the D'caf.I was wearing my "Corporate Crime-Capitalized Profits, Socialized Debt" t-shirt and the guy at the counter called out the other employees to make sure they saw it.  I will D'efinitely keep D'lish in mind and stop in when I'm in south Scottsdale.
4	This place is awesome! It's so cute and leaps and bounds better than what it once was.. I love their soy dirty chai! So good. When they first opened they told me they'd have more vegan options soon.. boo, still lookin' to see when that will happen.Love the drive-thru on a busy day.
4	Stopped there for breakfast. A cozy little place, with very friendly and smiling persons. Their house coffee is fine, but will have to go back for a dirty chai. I had also a bagel (just like any other). A nice drive through, and a good alternative to start the day!
4	Quaint little place with a nice young couple that aren't shy about recommendations running the show. Decent coffee and the drive-thru is a plus.
4	Need a fast, yummy, CHEAP, breakfast burrito in the morning?  This is your place.  And trust me, I am a bit of a bfast burro connoisseur.  I've been perfecting them since my freshman year in college.  This place almost has me beat.  I've tried all three varieties; chicken sausage, bacon, and just eggs/cheese/awesome potatoes.  they were all d'llsh.  Additionally, the drive thru was quick, easy and enjoyable - staff is extremely friendly.   Great stop for a quick, yummy bite pre-work, during-hangover, or post-bank over-drafting (it really is cheap!).
5	Killer coffee, killer food! Support Local business!
4	I have been to this place a couple of times now for lunch and really enjoy it.  It has a small menu with just a few sandwich and salad options; you can also get breakfast all day (I believe).  They are known (apparently) for coffee, which I have not yet had the pleasure of enjoying.  I had the veggie wrap the first time and tuna salad sandwich today - LOVED the dill spice in the tuna.  Very fresh and well...D'lish.
4	Bless me Yelp for I have dined. It's been many months since my last review. It's actually been awhile since I've had much opportunity to check out new (to me) places. It has been a rough year. Things are turning around though, and I'm D'lighted to get my review'n skills back in shape. I'm surprised I hadn't eaten here before. I guess I didn't even really know it existed to be honest. I live within a few blocks of here and I love breakfast and I drive by here frequently. Perhaps it is because I'm not a member of the vegetarian/vegan community... though I've dated several vegetarians and vegans so I'm pretty up to date on the places to go for that. I haven't had my food at this place yet - I've only eaten from the drive through. It seems like a cute little place though. One of these days. The food is tasty. It's about as tasty as it can be for something that can be considered a healthy breakfast. I tend to prefer a good thick greasy unhealthy artery clogging pile of bacon and some sort of fruit covered waffle or french toast drowned in maple syrup - that doesn't seem to be what this place is about. Still... it's true to its name. It is definitely delicious. Their prices aren't too bad for what you are getting. It's quality food. I mean, I was getting burned out on shitty fast food breakfast places. I can't stomach the Breakfast Club douchetastic crowd most of the time, and I haven't been really up for eating around any sort of crowd on my weekend mornings. I'd rather eat in the comfort of my own home these days. I'll have to update this when I have more to say about it - so far, I've only really sampled the food. I have yet to really experience the atmosphere and the service. Sooner or later though...I'd say this is yet another reason why I still stand behind my belief that Scottsdale is an awesome place to live.
4	D'Lish was a random find for me and a friend, as we were looking for a more palatable option than our standard Dunkin Donuts hangover breakfast. I was surprised to have not heard of it sooner, as it was nearly within walking distance.I perused their menu on their website, had a game plan then headed in. The seating area is small but not cramped, and is tastefully modern and cozy. The two other girls seated inside with me were both wearing Tori Burch flats, so I knew it was a little more highbrow than your standard hipster hangout. I ordered a vegetarian breakfast burrito, and brought back a classic breakfast burrito for my friend. They were quite tasty- very fresh and not greasy. I also had the "sexy dirty chai" I read so much about (a chai tea with coffee and vanilla) and it lived up to all expectations. I'm craving one right now, as a matter of fact.Since then, I've also tried their yogurt parfait with fresh seasonal fruit and it was amazing as well. Their bagels are soft and delicious, and I'm looking forward to trying a Bialy sandwich next. Everything I've tried has been of good quality and freshness. I have yet to be disappointed with the food or the friendly service.My only issue is that I don't think they quite have their "flow" down yet. Both visits took considerably longer than they should have for a small to-go order. It was much faster to phone in my order and pick up at the drive through window, rather than order and wait inside. Plus, when I used the drive through, I didn't even have to put on pants to go get breakfast. Does it get much better than that?
5	we keep driving by this place thinking it was just a coffee house. but after reading some of yelps reviews, learned it was much more. it's so cute and trendy inside. they have so many yummy and healthy options, we didn't know what to pick. so we decided to go with the veggie breakfast burrito.it was light and filling, much to our surprise. and superbly tasty. and best of all, not gigantic. more places should do that....offer reasonably priced food, that tastes great, in manageable portions. that way, you don't stuff your face with a giant food plate and then feel like an obese slob the rest of the morning. we'll hit this place up again for sure. awesome staff too!!!!
5	Great lunch spot!  Fast, delicious, fresh food!  We were in town last week from Chicago and based on the yelp reviews checked this place out.  I had a yummy hummos plate and my husband the turkey sandwich.  Returned 2 days later for more.  Good prices, friendly service, and great food!!
2	I hate to be a downer....My dear friend and I came in after our mid morning trip to the gym hoping to get some coffee and a light bite.I settled on the Organic yogurt and granola and a protein shake after asking a few questions about the granola (I don't like oily granola) and inquiring about the brand of protein powder used. I didn't feel like my questions were answered very well but I was hungry and it was crunch time. My friend got a vanilla latte and a tuna sandwich....we sat down....I watch the guy begin to make my protein shake....The container for the Protein read Smart Gainer http://www.nextag.com/ids-smart-gainer/search-html 600 calories and counting.  read it for yourself...make since for a weight lifter or a very skinny person trying to gain weight....but I just came from the gym and worked really hard to run off those damn calories. I do not want my protein shake to be a weight gainer....I want in to be what it say it is...simple protein shake.....anyway I watched them make my granola as well...not Organic like they said. I think its important to use what you say you are using...they were using yoplait. Not organic. Humph.On the other hand the tuna sand was pretty good....props on the sandwich but I'm not coming back anytime soon.
4	veggie breakfast burrito and croissant sandwich were both excellent.  +1 service, +1 drive thru, +1 prices
4	Three words on D'lish: Simple, tasty and healthy menu.My fiance and I ventured over to D'lish after hearing they recently started serving dinner. It's a small, but comfortable coffee house that has indoor and outdoor seating along with a convenient drive-thru for those on-the-go. We ordered the new "Man" salad, margherita pizza and tomato basil soup. The man salad is quite a combination of flavors. It has a huge lump of tuna salad, avocado, bacon, blue cheese crumbles, tomatoes with creamy cucumber blue cheese dressing. The margherita pizza was small, but tasty. It's perfect for smaller appetites. Not a massive fan of the tomato basil soup. It was a little too salty, but not bad. All in all, we had a great experience there and will definitely be back to try a few other menu items and the coffee.
4	i'm so in like with D'lish. i like big, huge iced coffees that aren't 90% ice. i like drive thrus that are no-nonsense and fast. i like places close to my worki like frequent visitor rewards via punch cardsi like the dirty chaii like the staff, they are so nice!! i like that they have flatbread pizzas, i can't wait to order one.
5	Every Sunday I travel 15 miles for the best coffee in AZ. I love D'Lish and I love to see a local restaurant do well. Thanks for opening your doors!
5	This is my coffee joint!  When I wake up in the mornings I either have a thrift mentality where I drink my god-awful office coffee, or a "I don't care that I'm completely going broke" mentality where I head to D'lish.  I would say that I fall into the latter category most days of the week.Everyone on the staff totally rocks.  I usually hate my entire life and everything in it at 7:00 when I roll through there, but I always drive away with excellent coffee in hand and as much of a smile as possible on my face.The prices are totally reasonable, and although I'd be irritated about the fact that they have UoP propaganda all over their cups, I find myself wanting to support them and have whoever started this wonderful business to make millions and millions of dollars.Like some fellow reviewers I would definitely recommend the Chicken Pesto Sandwich.  I generally stick with regular coffee in the morning, but every espresso drink I've had has been phenomenal as well.Thank you D'lish for making M-F tolerable!
4	The California club is so yummy!! Thick cut bread, over medium eggs, avocado, pesto, bacon, tomato. So good...only thing they could do better is use better quality bacon. A couple of times, the bacon was super fatty, not crunchy. The dirty chai is amazing.
4	This place has the BEST breakfast sandwiches in town.  I come here all he time when i want a filling/healthy/delicious breakfast.  If you don;t want anything that heavy i am also a fan of their low carb breakfast...Their dinner pasta bowl is also really good-i'm not the biggest fan of their lunch though, not that it isn't good, it's just that i expected it to match how much i love their breakfast-but you might have a different taste.  The other reason this isn't a 5star rating is also because they can take a long time.  Most of the time it's fine because they are making it from scratch but sometimes it goes over average and when that happens you would think it would be better than the last time but they aren't the most consistent. Please-go here for breakfast and try it, it's a great neighborhood coffee place.
4	Just enjoyed my first cup at D'lish.  After reading the other reviews from the Yelpers, I decided to go with a Dirty Chai with Almond Milk.  Great choice.  I am not a huge chai fan and I will definitely be getting another in the near future.  Very good.Very pleasant atomosphere and the customer service was very welcoming.  I decided to sit and work a little and enjoyed my chai so much that I ordered a latte to go.  Excited to try this one, but wanted to update my Yelp before I hit the road.
4	Wowza Yowza!That was the only response I could have had after taking the first bite of my breakfast burrito. And then I tried the coffee...I have only tried a couple of the breakfast burritos and they have been pretty darn good so I am kind of anxious to get back there and try some more.This place is great to come in, sit down and relax or if you are in a hurry, they have a drive thru.I had to go with four stars because the food and atmosphere was great but the music was way too loud.
2	Wait took FOREVER, and parking is a bear. Bottom line, I won't be going back here on my lunch break....   which they made me late for.
4	I have dreamed of a place like this since I can remember.. "Why isnt there a convenient drive-thru place with delicious food? The kind of place that caters to scenarios such as being hungover in your outfit from night before and desiring something so much more than your regular egg mcmuffin and hash brown.  I highly recommend the breakfast burrito/turkey sausage accompanied with green tea. . refreshing and sinfully D'lishous :)
4	Just had a meeting here and it was great. Nice big cup of tea and a great environment. Too early for food but I'll definitely be back to try it out!
4	Bomb Food and great service!! My little PR club has its meetings here and it is always a great experience. They will pretty much cook you anything you want or make any drink you can think of, as long as they have the stuff. The humus plate is amazing and their iced tea is bomb, I like all of fruit ones mixed together. They are always inventing new dishes, like the buffalo wing pizza, which is tasty too... Oh and its healthy!I just need to go for breakfast now...
4	At first I was confused by D'lish, how can drive-thru be healthy? I walked in to meet a friend and fell in love with the small menu (Side note: I dislike big menus - they overwhelm my indecisive self)! How often can you go somewhere and get a dish made with quinoa, being that I am recovering vegetarian, I was super excited! Then he brought out this "pasta" dish and as the name states it was D'lish! The great thing about D'lish is that each dish is freshly made with locally grown produce. I've been there several times and everything I've had has been refreshingly healthy, balanced, and tastes great. The owner keeps telling me that I need to come in and try breakfast but since I live in Gilbert I have yet been able to make it over. Maybe one of these Sundays, I'll stumble in my dancing heels from the night before to try their breakfast sandwich and the infamous "Breakfast Buzz" shake, which according to the owner is THE cure for a hangover. P.S. The hype surrounding the Dirty Chai is well deserved because it is as fabulous as my new dancing heels!
4	so i've been here a couple times now and i'm only writing this because i am definitely a fan of this place. i've only gotten the chicken pesto panini but it's just so damn good, i can't bring myself to try anything else. this, however, ain't exactly healthy for you as it's loaded down with pesto and feta AND it's served up on some texas toast! damn! my friend has gotten a few different things including some kinda turkey wrap and a club sandwich. they were both very good too!parking and seating can be tough during lunch-i've warned you!bonus points for being locally owned.
3	This place definitely has potential.... especially considering it's near my office, open early, and my usual fave for a morning break has changed hours and isn't open until after I start my morning commute.After only discovering it a short while ago, I've already been there twice. I've tried the chai latte which was insanely good and the mocha which wasn't to my liking.However, the staff is friendly, the place is cute and quaint, and the breakfast menu has me starving. I always eat before I go to work, but I may have to skip that one of these days. It's places like this that make it worth lingering around Scottsdale a little longer at the end of the day.
5	All I can say is "OMG"!!!  The first thing I had here after a friend brought me for a quick breakfast was the California club.  It really was like a party in my mouth!  I'm not kidding.  Everything on the menu looks so good I can't wait to try it all.  I'm a little embarrassed to admit it but I have circled all the items that I really want to try on the menu and I'm going through them one by one (I'm a total list crosser-offer).  The last thing I tried there was "oatmeal our way". Which is actually not oatmeal at all, but SO incredible!
3	Mayonaise makes me gag. I don't care how you prepare it, mix it, twist it, shout it...it grosses me out so bad. people who like/love/don't mind mayo always say things to me like 'try this potato salad, you can't even taste the mayo' and you know what? they are always lying. anyway, i ordered the turkey club and asked them to hold the honey mustard spread. thankfully there wasn't any mayo so i didn't have to ask them to hold that either. this sandwich has a ton of my faves: tomato, turkey, bacon, cheese, avocado. scrumptious ingredients. as soon as it's in my car, i can smell mayonaise. i think to myself 'oh, you're crazy, it's your immagination- the description said nothing about mayo' well i am crazy, but my nose was right. mayo. on. my. sandwich. usually i wouldn't flip out but my large sexy dirty chai and sandwich cost me $15. the drink alone was worth the $4 something dollars for several reasons, but the sandwich was gross and totally over priced. the bacon was pretty bad, and i ended up taking off most of the ingredients bc it wasn't very good. i was able to wipe off most of the mayo from the turkey and avocado so i ate that.i was just so, so sad. the customer service is great, the sexy dirty chai is great but the food i will not eat again.
5	Love, love, love this spot! Great food options but my favorite item is the Breakfast Buzz! It's a blended iced drink with espresso, protein powder, peanut butter, banana and several other ingredients. It's basically like a meal replacement shake and tastes amazing. I'm addicted now!Great coffee shop/lunch atmosphere and very very friendly service. There's a drink thru window available as well.
5	I have a love-hate relationship with coffee. I love the smell, coffee ice cream is delicious but I don't necessarily enjoy drinking it. Many times, I just do it for the caffeine. And I refuse to get a hyper flavored concoction that have 3,758 calories. I like to eat my calories, not drink them thankyouverymuch.Since it's hotter than the 6th circle of hell, I decided for iced coffee. I always pass d'lish on my way to work and decided to finally try it. The interior is tiny, it feels like a cool doll house to me. I had an iced coffee and wow!!!!!! It was amazingly good. I tried another day ( and another and another) to make sure it wasn't a fluke and I'm glad to say it wasn't. My iced coffee has been equally great every single time. I also had a bialy with cream cheese and it was very tasty. I'm looking forward to try their hot coffee once is not  115* out.
5	I am absolutely obsessed with this place.  Every single thing about it is perfect.  The food.  The drinks.  The service.  The quaintness of the building.  I couldn't possibly explain in words how great I think this place is, but I will surely try.  The first time I ever went here was on New Year's Day and my friends and I still had on our Happy New Years dresses, heels, makeup, the whole 9-yards AND to top it off...we were sporting the hats that boasted HAPPY NEW YEAR all sparkly and obnoxious on it that we had somehow acquired the night before.  We were, needless to say, a bit hungover and ready for some delicious food after an incredible night.  The owners happened to be working that day and immediately jumped on board with us and joined us in shouting happy new year and then proceeded to explain the menu and take their time with us since we were clearly in no state to comprehend much of anything.  Needless to say, I fell in love with not only the owners but also the California Club (which we order on a croissant and add a hashbrown patty to).  This sandwich is like heaven, but better because it exists and is edible.  Seriously, if you're reading this, just stop and head over there for a California Club right now.  It'll be the best thing you have ever done with your life.Ever since that day, I make special trips to this place (considering I live nearly an hour from it) and have never once been disappointed with the service or anything else.  This place can do no wrong and I just hope more people get the chance to try it because this is one place that should never go out of business.
5	coolest coffee shop in scottsdale
5	I've learned how D'lish earned its name! Not many times do you I find a shop that is both convenient, efficient and delicious - and D'lish is all three! When I arrived at the drive-through, I immediately noticed the amount of signage around the building so that no matter where you are in line, you can always have a good glance at a menu. In addition to the extensive beverage menu of coffee, teas and other specialty drinks, they also have a hearty (and relatively healthy) food menu to choose from. The breakfast items range from a protein meal of eggs, meat, pesto, avocado, etc, to oatmeal with macaroon granola (yum!) with maple syrup...and if you're really hungry, you could go with the breakfast sandwich on a croissant or a breakfast burrito. I wish they offered a sample platter of everything on the menu but I guess I will just have to visit until I've tried everything! This morning, I went for the egg sandwich with turkey. It was full of taste and they made it with egg whites, so I felt relatively healthy yet satisfied once I finished. I washed it down with a delicious fresh brewed iced coffee with a drop of sugar free Carmel and vanilla. What a tasty way to start the day!! The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive and I never felt like I was being rushed while making my decision. They made my beverage and food fresh and I had my coffee in-hand early while I waited for my meal. I was in and out within five minutes which is incredible in itself! While I waited, I studied the other items on the menu and I plan on visiting again soon to try the other breakfast items, the "man" salad (even though I am definitely a girly girl), the hummus plate, the turkey club, chicken panini, and possibly the protein burger. Looks like I have a lot of visits to make!So in summary, here's the star breakdown:1 star for excellent drive-through service2 stars for delicious food 2 stars for delicious beverages
5	How do I drive past this place every day and never stop?  Now that I've tried it... I won't make that mistake again!  D'lic has a great menu of fresh breakfast items including several vegetarian and gluten free selections.  Good bye starbucks, I found my new favorite coffee,  I'm so hooked!  Just beware the drive-thru is not super fast because all the food and drinks are made to order, but if you plan for a 10-15 minute wait you'll be fine.  The food is not cheap, but reasonable for fresh ingredients cooked to order.  Definitely give this place a try, great hang over cure after a nice out in OT!
5	I stop at D'lish almost every morning for a large coffee and a bagel.  The coffee is delicious and is great black.  To me the sign of a good coffee is one I can drink and enjoy without adding sugar or cream and this is it.  The D'veggie (sp?) bowl for lunch/dinner is so good I would eat it every day.  I did try their version of breakfast oatmeal the other week and it was phenomenally good.  I will definitely be having it again.2010/10/06 - Went for lunch today with some coworkers and it was as good as always.  All of the inside tables were full, but it was cool enough to sit outside and the guys brought our food out to us.  One of my friends had the protein burger and said it was really good.  I once again had the D'Veggie bowl and really need to get something else, but it is SO GOOD!
3	I love this place. If I could I would swing by every morning, but when I DO have time and want something SUPER yum-O, I get my tosh over here. The drive thru is awesome (its so nice to have an alternative to Sbux!) The staff has always been super friendly, the food is YUM! And you have tons of options (which I love!)I have only been inside once and the place is pretty cute. The blender is a little loud, so its not the ideal place to be if you need to work etc.. but still its adorable.I usually get the breakfast club, no bacon on a sesame seed bagel and a large coffee, its so good....in fact, Im heading over there right now to get my fix :) See you there my darlings !
5	Two words.  BREAKFAST BUZZ.  If you haven't had one, get it now.  I am addicted.  Espresso, peanut butter, chocolate & banana in one drink?  Count me in.  The rest of the menu is so great as well.  A bit pricey, but it is worth it.  Some more of my favorites:  sun dried tomato bialy, iced chai, frittatas, & the veggie d'lite.  I still have so much to try...& I will, it is just a little out of the way for my daily routine.  I wish they were open later...I crave one of their salads or a wrap after my evening workout, but i'll forgive them.Another plus: they use a lot of organic & local ingredients & recycled products.   I'm a fan of the drive thru, even though you may as well park & go in instead of idling in your car while they make your food!  (just get out...it's better for everybody!)  The guys who work there are awesome too.Basically, d'lish is the food I wish I could make for myself!  I might just go get something now....
5	Although it was a little out of our way, D'lish was worth the drive, times ten.The guys behind the counter rock the casbah. They inject friendliness like they have a PhD in positivity. I loved every minute of sitting at the counter, I would have gladly swapped my 6-hour passenger seat spot home to LA to sit there and chat and slurp up their complimentary samples of the "breakfast buzz." Apparently it goes by many different names but just ask for the peanut butter thing and your am will forever be changed. The breakfast bagel I had on bialy bread was also top notch, filling, and inexpensive.D'lish, want to take a road trip to LA?
4	Very, very good food.  My only complaint is that it should have two dollar signs on Yelp ($$) because it costs more than $10 to eat there.  I was a bit disappointed by that, but the food was really top notch.  Great service and staff too.  If I'm feeling a bit pricier than I normally am for lunch, I'll be back.
5	Love, love this place! They have excellent service and food AND offer Lots of gluten, dairy free and organic options!!! They were super kid friendly.  Oh and awesome music too! Yay Scottsdale!
5	Until recently I was the duchess of d'lish and it's about time I updated my review to reflect how amazing of a place it truly is.. a diamond in the rough. Once I first tried the food menu I was insanely hooked. I now have a goal of trying every single thing on it and I'm about half way complete. It's a great place to swing by for breakfast to not only jump start your day with some protein, but to jump start your day with fun. One time a robot took my order!!Lunch is just as nice. The staff is great while you are there and really appreciate their customers (and they even tell you).My favorite breakfast has to be the croissant sandwich (with no tomato) and for lunch I've ended up getting the chicken panini more than anything else. If I'm craving a hot drink it's always a chai latte and for cold it's an arnold palmer with black tea.If you haven't been here yet, you should go out of your way to swing by!
5	Hidden Gem! I found this place on Yelp and so glad I checked it out this morning. The food and coffee were great and the prices are so low. The staff was very friendly and made great suggestions for us. I am already planning on going back tomorrow to try something else!
5	We just went to D'lish with a friend on a lazy Sunday morning.I had an egg, cheese, and chicken sausage bialy sandwich.  It had great flavor, and the eggs were cooked perfectly!  I never drink coffee, but I tried my fiancee's coffee and was very impressed.The service was great and friendly, and everything came out quick.
4	Went to Dlish for the first time on Sunday for lunch.  It was a great place to go.  Ordered a turkey cranberry sandwich and had it switched to a style without bread.  They tried to make it as close to what I wanted and they well exceeded my expectations.  Great place to go for breakfast or lunch!!
5	Great little spot to grab a quick breakfast. Ingredients are fresh, menu is unique, prices are reasonable, the guy behind the counter was friendly, and the Breakfast Buzz is AMAZING. I can't wait to go back for lunch to try the 'Man' Salad.
4	I'm not usually a fan of "breakfast for lunch," but I had one of their egg sandwiches for lunch the other day, and daaaaaaamn it was good!  Also, since they don't serve soda, I had one of their black teas.  It was excellent, too.If you haven't been here yet, don't be fooled by the small size, check it out ASAP!
5	I am so grateful that Yelp on my phone steered us to D'LIsh. We had planned to follow up a great dinner at Green, just down the street, with breakfast at the same spot, but Green was closed. No problem! We drove up to D'Lish and had a great breakie of the California Club breakfast sand and a veggie sandwich. The coffee with first-rate, and the staff was super cool to a couple of out-of-towners who were gawking at all of the outstanding options on the menu board. Too bad we had a plane to catch. We would have stayed for lunch.PS Get the Breakfast Buzz.
5	I love Dlish, it is one of my favorite healthy spots to eat. So grateful to have healthy and delicious restaurants like this, with also super amazing and friendly staff. Thanks Dlish, and keep up the amazing work!!!
5	Does it get any friendlier than this?  (Must be the sunshine and glorious temps in the winter- everyone in Scottsdale seems happy- and this placed topped out the smile & hospitality meter.)Love the Buzz.  How can you go wrong with peanut butter, espresso, chocolate, and banana whipped up into a breakfast smoothie?  Fair-trade locally-roasted beans?  Kudos. Ate in one morning with friends- cozy little indoor & outdoor spaces.  Had the low-carb breakfast- a pesto-ed fried egg salad and it was excellent.  So good I had to go back the next morning before flying home.  Tried the drive thru and grabbed a breakfast burrito (add some sausage & avocado for a cali-flair).  Perfect.This healthy fast food movement needs to make its way West.. Come to San Francisco, D'Lish!
5	Love love love this place. It is a unique spot in a not so likely area, just one the things That keeps me coming back. Not mention they also offer great food and friendly service.
5	I generally don't believe five star reviews myself, but this place is the real deal. Great coffee, fantastic food, the best service around. The people who work here are genuinely happy that you walk in. They will chat with you if you want, or let you do your work on their free WiFi.  The Breakfast Buzz has been deservingly and glowingly reviewed here at length, and is well worth the hype.  One of the best surprises on their menu is their tuna sandwich. I am extremely fussy about tuna salad, and this one is my absolute favorite. I could go on, but your best bet is to just come on by and see (and taste) for yourself!
5	d'lish is for sure the perfect name for this little place. When you walk in, the atmosphere is great, what with the snazzy furniture, friendly staff, and the plenty of customers in line, eager for the fresh food they serve up. Their menu is expansive and you might feel overwhelmed by all the breakfasts, soups, salads, wraps, sandwiches, are you feeling overwhelmed as I talk about all the choices that will overwhelm you?! Last time I went there, I ordered the nuts n' berries salad, the perfect toss of greens, blueberries, goat cheese, candied walnuts, and a raspberry walnut vinaigrette. It's perfect! I've also had their butternut squash soup, YUM! I try to try something different all the places I eat, and at D'lish, it'll be a while till I run out of new options. Go here!!
5	D'lish is so d'lovely, especially knowing that I can call ahead and order in the drive through on my way! Talk about efficiency. As if the drive-through wasn't fast enough, now by ordering ahead there's practically no wait time! On my way there now!
4	Yes, there is a party in my mouth...a breakfast party!  Definitely one of the best breakfasts I ever had.  I enjoyed the arugula salad with hash browns, eggs, and bacon (all in the salad, not separate).  It might sound weird but was fantastic!The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the abysmal parking/drive-thru situation.  Words that best describe the situation I cannot use on Yelp....so I'll just say I had to make a 500 point turn to get out of the lot, and those in the drive-thru line were none too helpful in letting me depart.  I will definitely keep this in mind on my next trip--or buy a smart car.Patio is dog-friendly, food is fresh and fantastic.  Just don't park in the back--and enjoy D'lish!
4	In Scottsdale for Spring Training and wanted a quick bite for breakfast before heading to a game.  Read the reviews on Yelp, so we made our way there.  The place is D'Lish.  Yummy breakfast bagel sandwich, was sad I couldn't come back to try one of their sandwiches.  Next Year!
4	Favorite place to stop after hiking Camelback!  I love this tiny little place on Scottsdale.  Its the best spot to grab a quick bit to eat or some coffee.  The breakfast sandwich is the best!  I love that several of the items on the menu are vegetarian or gluten free.  The staff are always the friendliest people around.  I'm hooked on this place!
5	great low key breakfast, friendly staff. yummy quinoa granola and breakie burrito ($4.75).
5	I cannot say enough good things about D'lish! My fiance and I have never had a bad meal here and we've tried nearly everything on the menu! The services is friendly and fun. The atmosphere is laid back and relaxing. And, the food out of this world!!! My favorite is the Man Salad and California Club - hits the spot every time. For a guaranteed good meal, check out D'lish!
4	Their food is great - i've had the veggie frittata and the house style veggie burger, both are pretty amazing. Especially the burger. I'm not vegetarian, but i love a good veggie burger as something healthy & different, and theirs is quite possibly one the best in town. Including the ones i've had from full blown sit-down restaurants. Too many places just slide a veggie puck out of a box and throw it on a bun. Not these guys. Also, their coffee and iced tea are pretty dang tasty.Only problem I ever have here is the wait. Definitely a place you have to be patient at.  Maybe it's better if you actually go through the drive-thru - I always just walk inside. Also, for $8.50,  was a little surprised that the burgers don't come with any sort of side item. Not a deal breaker, just something to keep in mind. And I'd probably come here more often if they had hours that extended into the evening.
4	After seeing the size of the parking lot, I was pleasantly surprised with this little gem! We were immediately greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable staff. The "man" salad was wonderful! The ingredients were all fresh and the tuna was delicious! The prices are great for the quality of ingredients and the portion size. The sandwiches looked awesome! I will definitely return!
4	Love the place and food, plus the drinks are outstanding just wish the price were a bit more affordable.
4	This food stop has gotten it right!  The food, customer service, atmosphere-everything!  I had the California club with avacado and split a daily buzz protein shake with my date.  Absolutely fantastic!  The guys working there were really friendly as well.My only complaint:  the parking.  There simply isn't any room.  Had the parking been a little better, a 5 star rating would've been given.
5	My first breakfast at D'lish was so good I had to come back a couple days later.  This is one of the best drive-through restaurants ever.  They use flavorful, quality, natural ingredients yet still manage to crank out tasty food very quickly.  Hopefully you don't need to eat in your car, but if you do D'lish is the ticket.-- Traditional breakfast burrito, $4.75/$6.25 w/ meat: Score!  I have had a lot of breakfast burritos and this ranks up there as one of the best, if not the best, ever.  The chicken sausage was a total winner and the cheese was out of this world.  You might think $6.25 is a little pricey for a breakfast burrito but the ingredients are sooo good that it is totally worth it.-- House blend smoothie, $4-5: This smoothie ranks up there with anyone else's.  A must get if you want to kick start your day with some blended fruit rather than caffeine.
4	One of my favorite places to grab lunch, and do a little work that requires wifi.I found this place one day just driving around and stopped for a cup of coffee, they had wifi, but I couldn't connect to my vpn.. but that has been fixed and they probably have one of the robust wifi locations around!But first, let me talk about the food and the service.  It seems like EVERYONE that comes here is a regular, including me.. but no worries, you will be treated like a regular the minute you walk in.  The folks that run the place all seem like they LOVE what they do, love talking to customers and take pride in what they do, which is provide great food with some nice atmosphere.
5	1 word: Delicious! Seriously...healthy and cute. I'll be honest...I've only tried the breakfast buzz (most delicious protein shake ever). I promise you that if i'm ever in south Scottsdale for lunch or dinner d'lish will be my first preference. I've looked over the menu and everything looks wonderful. I live in east Mesa and work in north Scottsdale...I go out of my way to get a buzz and will continue to do so. Highly recommended!
5	D'lish is just that D'lish, I can see why they named it that!!!  I have become a regular not only for the best Green Tea in the area but also the Men that always great you with a smile and a sparkling attitude whether they are swamped or you are the only person in the place!!!  Everything I have eaten there is D'lish but my personal favorite is the Turkey Club...  If you haven't been here it is a must try!!!
4	Stumbled upon D'lish whilst looking for a different breakfast alternative and was very happy with the discovery.  Food is top notch, creative, and right in the range of what you should expect for good quality breakfast food.Thumbs up on the service.  Biggest knocks against the place is the ambiance.  Overly loud, somewhat unpleasant club music not conducive to a sunday morning breakfast that did nothing to conceal the very loud shake/ice grinding machine.  Definitely check the place out but after ordering find a table outside.
5	D'lish is the best quick spot to get lunch without a side of coronary artery disease. Who would have ever thought that people would like healthy food coming through their car window!Favorite things: The Orange Glorious. this my friends is new school orange Julius on steroids. all natural ingredients include an entire banana. so D'lish!The California Club..phenomenal. like a flavor explosion in my mouth! the staff is super personable and always chatty and friendly. I suppose when you take away the trans-fats, processed meats and general corporate shittyness of your average drive through food, everyone is just happier and better off!my one and only gripe: they close pretty early, (4pm)  ive driven by a couple times for my black bean burger or chicken panini fix only to find they were closed for the day.
2	Food is great.  Service, wait times, and parking Sucks!I love the healthy and sustainable concept and the food was above average.  I have been to D'Lish three times, and have had horrible experiences with service, and having to wait 10-15 minutes for "fast food".  I understand that quality food takes time to make, but they need some serious help! I am beginning to think that the owners are stubborn and don't want to pay for more help.  I was also overcharged for my food on every occaison, and was so frustrated with the cashier, and the pressure of the long line of people waiting to order that I just said "screw it".Based on food alone, I would give this place 4 stars.  But the bad service brings my rating down to 2 stars.  I hope that this place gets their act together because I would enjoy their food more with better service.  I also think they should be open later than 4pm.  Seriously, who eats a meal at 4pm?
3	3 Stars for the food, zero stars for the ambiance/noise/parking.  Maybe that's why they have the words 'drive'thru' in their name.  I got the Kitchen Sink salad, added Chicken.  It was fine, and a decent price.  But the noise level in the restaurant was so incredibly loud that my friend and I actually would just burst out laughing because we coudn't hear a word that either was saying.  Throw in a blender and then random music being turned up even louder just for good measure and it just became comical.  I would go back for the food and bring it back to my desk, but would never actually eat there again.
5	I must admit I was very skeptical before going.  it's just a sandwich/wrap shop I thought to myself.  I was surprised with the quality of the food.  We ordered the d'veggie bowl and it was amazing.  The vegetables were fresh and crisp.  They were out of quinoa, and rice was substituted, but it fit the bowl perfectly.  The sauce was tasty without being overpowering.  Friendly service.  Excellent place.Hopefully, i'll get a chance to go back.
4	Over here at D'Lish is where I've finally been able to convince myself to try something new during each visit.  I always try to do this at other places but find myself ordering my usuals most of the time... ANYWAY, I'm ADDICTED to this joint because you can eat fresh and healthy food while having a WIDE VARIETY to choose from!  And by eating healthy, I don't mean torturing yourself with bland tasting food or baby-sized portions.  I promise you'll be left satisfied without the feelings of regret later (Did that last part sound a bit too familiar?).  Where do I begin??...I didn't want to jump on the "California Club" bandwagon, but it has won me over with its breakfas-y goodness. The combination of eggs and smoked turkey complemented with avocado/pepper jack/lite cream cheese and pesto on top of artisan bread....  It hit the spot without making me feel like a fat ass!  If they didn't close at 4 PM everyday, you would never find me at Denny's for breakfast food ever again!Over onto lunch... One of their unique concoctions I like is the cucumber cream sauce that they use for the "Man Salad" and the "Southwestern Bowl".  It adds a nice light creamy texture, unlike the heavy feeling you get from the usual Ranch or Caesar dressing... The food is awesome! As for service... Very nice and helpful staff.  They try their best to take care of everyone, even at its busiest hours.   It's cool that they have a drive-thru, BUT their drive-thru-customer service isn't the most time efficient. It's probably best to call in with your order ahead of time, whether you want to pop inside to pick it up or through the window.Can't wait to go back again to try something new from the menu!
5	I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place yet.  This is one of the best places in the Scottsdale/Tempe area to go for a filling, delicious, healthy meal.  I love, love, love their soups.  Their sandwiches and "burgers" are pretty tasty too.  The only thing I could ask for is that they start offering at least one gluten free bread option, like Chompies's gluten free rolls (so far the best gluten free bread option I have had), so that individuals with gluten sensitivity can enjoy their sandwiches and burgers.
5	This place is fabulous! Everyone who works there is very friendly and great at helping you find something you will love. I go there at least once a week and get my favorite drink... an iced chai latter with almond milk. It is the BEST coffee drink I have had! I definitely recommend trying it, as well as their food items. I have only ate there for breakfast but everything on the menu looks d'lish and healthy! Plus, all of the items are all labeled as either vegetarian, gluten-free, dairy-free, protein packed or balanced, which is helpful for those with food sensitivities. All in all, I highly recommend this place for coffee, breakfast, lunch and even a mid-day snack.
5	Sooo GOOD! Looking for a healthy find?? This is your place! Super cute, healthy, and delicious!!
5	Outstanding.  Inexpensive and healthy. Love it!
2	This particular Monday I was in the mood for something healthy and affordable and with it's overwhelming positive reviews I figured it would be a place to check out.  After waiting in line in the drive through for what seemed like forever, I finally inched through the tiny drive-through/parking area and ordered my food.  The selection is limited and I think the price is misrepresented.  I would probably put it at least at $$.  For a simple tuna sandwich and a medium drink to put me back almost $11 without any sides.  For $6.50 I thought, this sandwich had better be amazing.  It was meh.  New flavors and combos with the tuna salad that I hadn't really thought of before, including diced carrots? Strange, but the flavors were interesting.  Sweeter than I would have liked.  I'm more of a savory lover.  All in all, I was not that impressed with the food and the price.  Especially since I could've gotten a bigger sandwich with a side of chips (or salad) and a cookie from Bread Basket Bakery for $.25 cheaper.  Thanks for the experience, but I do not think I will be back.
5	Love this place! Love the california club and breakfast wrap!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. Best ice tea & iced coffee! If you've never been to D'lish you have got to try it or your really missing out!
5	I love this place, we eat here at least twice a week and it's always great!  The service is always friendly and attentive, the food is always delicious and they have the best Iced green tea in town.
5	Ive only been there once, but I can't wait to go again. Im actually writing a review because I just looked to see if they were open on the holiday haha anywho, I went through the drive thru and I kept thinking the guy walking around the cars was creepy with his big smile on his face but then once we got up to the window to order, low and behold it was him! He is what every restaurant should have as a front house man and I can't wait to experience D'lish again!
4	My first experience here was memorable to say the least...... My friend suggested we go to Dlish for breakfast because her friend gave her punch cards. Apparently the punch cards were worth nothing which is fine because I didn't go there expecting a free meal but the cashier made a huge scene and it was quite embarrassing. Despite the horrible service I really enjoyed my breakfast sandwich. I would definitely go back for the food and not the service!
5	I had the frittata and the espresso shake. They were both delicious. The service was great, the prices very reasonable, and you can either drive thru or eat in. Great customer service.
4	Good little find thanks to fellow Yelpers!Nice little hole in the wall / diner, drive-in, and dive joint.Service is great, guys have a friendly and terrific attitude!Menu is very diverse. My spouse is an RD. LD, and gave it two thumbs up for healthy variety.Give it a try!
5	Had the frittata this morning - AWESOME!!!!  Not the same 'ol breakfast for sure!
5	Amazing, healthy food.  Fun atmosphere.
4	This place is really popular. There was constant traffic the entire time. It's worth checking out for sure.
1	Wanted to like this place.... really really wanted to. Horrible service, I mean absolutely horrible. I arrived and was starting to say what a friend recommended to me but I couldn't remember the name of it and the guy behind the counter snapped and cut me off and said "I hear that ten times a day." Well buddy since you've heard it before, I can understand that working in the service industry, you'd not expect to hear it again (sarcasm.) Whatever, I made my order and was told to go relax at a table. Well, I relaxed for 18 minutes with no food (turkey BLT I ordered) and watched everyone else get their food. I got up and asked if I was forgotten and there was absolutely no apology offered, but said they would bring it to me. When the guy brought over my sandwich, he kind of slammed it down on the table and walked away. No apology still, no offer to refund my meal, no come back later and try us again. They were just extremely rude about it. I understand, it happens... It's part of life, but they acted as if me not getting my food was a bother to them.Horrible customer service. I'll tell everyone I know about this story. Nobody should be able to treat their customers like that. A simple "I'm sorry, come back and see us again for a free coffee" or something to that effect would have gone a loooooong way. Too stupid to get it probably. Or maybe because I didn't have a rat-tail with a mohawk, a basketball jersey, converse shoes, and an obvious roid rage attitude, they just didn't care.
5	We've been for breakfast - breakfast sandwich was super yummy and just recently tried lunch.  Recommend the tuna and turkey club sandwiches.
5	I love this place... I have been here for breakfast and lunch and have not been disappointed. I just moved here from San Diego and it's nice to finally find a place in Scottsdale with Healthy options, good prices and fast, friendly service!!
4	How refreshing...a down to earth place to get some decent grub in Scottsdale. Thank the lord. It's very California-esque in it's beach shack laid back feel. The menu offers some great choices. I strongly recommend getting the "breakfast buzz"  (not the happy hour type buzz it's a protein type shake) .The thing tastes like a frozen peanut butter cup that makes me want to hug the employee handing it over to me. They offer a drive through and if you chose that route, make sure you're not starving because it'll take sometime so keep that in mind before going.
4	Awesome lunch spot! Every time I go here I leave satisfied... I used to go here all the time when I worked at Skysong but now have moved up to DC Ranch area. Not going to lie, I have driven all the way down to Old Town on several occasions just to get lunch here... Granted I am obsessive and like the place alot, but either way, great little spot that you might miss driving by it!Here are why I don't give it 5-stars:--They need more hours, open later... I mean their location is out of the Old Town foot traffic, I get it, but still!--Need to get the Drive Through situation worked out a little better...
4	I came here a few weeks ago and I really loved it. I thought it was great that most of the ingredients were vegan and vegetarian friendly. My husband and I came here for breakfast. I had a strawberry banana smoothie and my husband had a chocolate, coffee peanut butter protein shake to die for. And we had bagels that were very tasty. I would love to come back here for lunch, everything sounded excellent, especially the soup. I was also impressed with the staff....I thought that was the best feature of this whole place. They are super friendly, and this one guy, was SOOOOOOOO Funny the way he was greeting people and making jokes. It was very outgoing and it made the customers feel like they had been coming there forever even if it was their first time. It also makes patrons and business owners feel like they are an important part of the community with the camaraderie that takes place here. I am looking forward to returning.
4	Been here twice . Food was good each time. Healthy too!
4	Good breakfast burritos, all other food looks good too
5	This is one of my favorite places in AZ.  First of all, the "buzz" is one of the best inventions of the 21st century.  It's delicious.  Both breakfast burritos are phenomenal, but my two favorite items are the oatmeal and the turkey club.  They are superb.  I ashamed to have written this much without mentioning the guys that run the place.  They are hilarious and always in a good mood.
5	Shoutout to my boy Chris B. for telling me about this spot. He was right - this place is terrific. I've only been once so far, but am already conniving a plan to return! I went with a friend and shared food so I got to try 2 things. Traditional Burrito + bacon, and Breakfast Club on wheat. I truly enjoyed both. Hit the spot without over-doing it and making me feel groggy. To wash it down I had a dirty iced chai - one of the best I've ever had. I recommend it. Next time I'll listen to Chris and get the "Buzz" which is "patent pending" and per C.B. "one of the best inventions of the 21st century"... I know what you're thinking, and I was afraid too. Hence why I went with the chai. Next time - I'm buzzin'!!
4	A great alternative to Starbucks to grab a coffee in the morning because they open at 6am and because the staff is friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable. The food is awesome. I had an egg, cheese, potato, and bacon burrito with the house blend coffee. Delicious! Really cool that they have a drive-through window, as well. You gotta go here!
4	I gave D'lish a second chance and the service was much better this time! The guys who work here are funny, friendly, and make you feel welcome. I like that they use all natural ingredients in everything they make here and I think that's why the food tastes so great.
1	Terrible service. Stay away
1	I think I was in here for 10 mins. The guys that own/work here are idiots. Sorry, but I really don't understand the concept of being rude to customers as a working one if you want to continue your business. Just so strange. Don't know what the food is like, but "d'lish" or not, I would never want to give business to senseless people.
4	Last few times have been consistent! Love the salad. Cant help but keep going back. So D'lish!
4	Have eaten from the drive thru a few times, great healthy-ish, fresh tasting sandwiches. I had the club and the chicken sandwich and both are good. The menu is really simple, wish they had one or two more choices on it, but overall, I will keep going back.
4	When I first walked into the place and stared at the menu I was frightened that I had entered a vegan restaurant. Laid back workers behind the counter. The menu riddled with the words "fresh," vegetarian friendly and gluten-free!!! For a second visions of tofu burgers and seiten (the other other other white meat) entered my head. I wanted to run but the workers were so inviting I stepped forward and prayed that there was some kind of meat on the menu. Food, which in fact, also had non-vegan options was incredibly fresh tasting. Not what you'd expect out of this little shack of a restaurant. Space is limited but several parties fit nicely at both the tables and counter space provided. Drive-thru seems more popular and may try that on the occasion that I want fresh food to-go.
4	TASTY. Had a frittata, freakin' BOMB. And cheap! That's my stahl (style).Had some crazy chocolate/coffee drink that was off the hook!
5	This place is cute, the food's yummy and the cute bearded men behind the counter made our first encounter even more fun. The hummus plate was delicious and robust...and only $5!  And they have a drive thru.  Can't wait to try it again.
5	NOM. NOMNOM. Let me eat this delicious fuhd forever and always!Specifically, let me eat the quinoa burger all day err day. There's something about the cool cucumber sauce or the tangy pesto or the gooey melty sticky cheese and thick juicy tomato and can you see me drooling through your computer screen yet? I am a vegetarian. Yes. So, the options at this lovely little restaurant fit my moral standards and they did so deliciously. On top of that, the staff is so friendly. They hand out free smoothie samples regularly, all of which are quite scrumptious. I will never turn down a free smoothie sample. Ever. The only bummer was that at around one in the afternoon one lunch date awhile ago they had ran out of kombucha to pair with my quinoa burger. That was probably the only time that unfortunate drought had happened to me, though. It was quickly forgotten after a free smoothie sample was placed in my palm. Thirst: quenched. Stomach: filled. Wallet: thick. Stars: five. Eat at D'lish, just don't drink all of my kombucha.
4	The lemonade is amazing as is the tuna sandwich (make sure to get it hot). One of my fav places to get a quick delicious lunch!
5	The signature tuna sandwich served hot is the best tuna I've ever had. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and the prices are very reasonable for such delicious food.
5	This place is phenomenal! The food is so fresh and tasty the guys that work there are truly very nice which is harder and harder to find these days. I would definitely recommend this place to every.
4	MAN BUZZ! The breakfast buzz is the ultimate meat head drink. I mean espresso protein and smoothie all in one? Can't beat it! I have had many things on the menu here and all good. The bowls are awesome the breakfast club is out of this world and the veggie wrap add chicken(come on gotta do it!) is also awesome. Great drink selection, if you like Arnold Palmers ask for the Tiger Woods the next time you go in. EAtmosphere is super laid back with a great stay. This is the only thing to warn you about it can take some time if you don't call ahead but its worth it!
5	Holy cow. I'm a first timer here and I'm converted for LIFE!!I got the "oatmeal our way" (organic quinoa, vanilla macaroon granola, seasonal fruit and choice of steamed milk). It was an enormous bowl of delicious and only $4.50!!!!!The owner was the cashier and was so nice and friendly!!!!LONG LIVE D'LISH!!!!!
5	The BREAKFAST BUZZ!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!!!!  I wish that I could have one of these everyday!  It is a patent-pending protein drink with espresso, chocolate, protein powder, banana, peanut butter, milk, vitamins and I think that is it! My friend introduced this to me and I do not even like coffee, but this drink is F'in Fantastic!  I love the vibe here...everything is fresh here!  I also tried their hummus plate with chicken and it was like the best hummus I had ever had!  It has some fresh veggies with it and a flat bread.  The Berries and Nuts salad is awesome too!!  The inside is cute! They have a drive thru if you are in a huge hurry!
5	It's been 7 months since I made the move from PHX to NYC and I still think about D'lish.  It's a small joint and sometimes takes awhile if the line is long, but the awesome service & delicious food are well worth the wait.  Get addicted like me and order these:- The California Club- The Man Salad (sub blue cheese dressing w/ balsamic vinaigrette)- The Breakfast Buzz (w/ almond milk) -- this is the only coffee/espresso related drink I've ever been able to enjoy.  I've never been a fan of coffee or anything that tastes like the stuff, but this drink defies all odds.  It's like drinking a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.Whenever I make it back to the desert... D'lish, you're my first stop.
4	very small quaint nice location.A little bit of a hippie / granola feel there, that is not a negative thing by the way.  Food is amazingly fast for the quality and rather inexpensive too.The real question... will I come back to get more food or drink there... yes, I think I will.  I'm may try their drive thru next time...  They even made a special drink for me and charge me the normal .  only pitfall, but it's a pretty big pitfall, is it seems that most of the employees are not paying attention to the customers, rather just going back and forth talking to each other.
5	Place is awesome.Was in town on business for two days a couple months back and looked for a breakfast spot for the first day. Found D'lish on Yelp and ended up going there both days because the Breakfast Buzz drink was out of this world good.It's a combination of peanut butter, bananas, espresso, chocolate, milk, proteins and vitamins, blended cold. Got it with soymilk and it was still great.Sandwiches are solid, four-star worthy. But the Breakfast Buzz is six-star caliber. And the service was great. Fun, relaxing place to get some work done and they also have an unusual drive-thru, which could be convenient.
2	I have eaten here four times. That proved to be four times too many. I tried, oh I tried, to find something appealing about this place. Beyond the very friendly staff, nothing else is making me want to come back. On my first venture, I ordered a breakfast burrito. Folks, you have to cook the egg. A runny egg, so runny I think the whites were still runny, in a breakfast burrito, is a breeding ground for disease. I mean, cook the friggin' egg. The next time I went I ordered a breakfast sandwich. It was served on a bialy. They forgot to include flavor - any flavor. I started to chew on the wax paper to add some spice. I kept blaming myself, I mean I read these reviews and I wonder what is wrong with me. I only wonder that for a brief moment. Janice B says she is in NY and can't stop thinking about D'Lish. WHAT??? Are you iactually living in the city or are you trapped on the top floor of Bellevue? There is nothing, absolutely nothing in Phoenix or anywhere else that compares to anything in NYC. One moment in NYC makes you forget the rest of the world exists. I digress, anyway, my third visit was the veggie burrito. Nothing I like better than raw mushrooms stuffed in a burrito. Why did I go back for a fourth visit? I did, I ordered a mushroom soup. I thought they would have to cook the mushrooms in the soup? Who knows, it tasted like water. Dear D'Lish, the way you make mushroom soup is very simple. Start with some shallots, saute them in a stock pot, you can add onions and garlic if you wish. Next add a whole mess of mushrooms, you can just use white ones, or mix them up, cremini, portabella, oyster, just saute them until all the water is removed, then add stock and cook for about 20 minutes - blend soup to a creamy texture, finish with some milk or cream and you have soup. Salt and pepper to taste. So simple, and yet you just couldn't do it. I can't come back, sorry, four times is way too many attempts, but good luck, it appears many people do enjoy your flavorless, poorly cooked options.
5	I was on my way to the airport to go back home, so I stopped by this lovely place for breakfast. Before D'Lish, I had never thought to try make quinoa in the morning as I would oatmeal. It was so unique and delicious, as was the amazing egg sandwich and coffee. The guys were incredibly nice and friendly. I wish this was in Austin!
5	If someone asked me my deepest desire while I was sleeping, there's a 94% chance that I'd mumble "The House-Style Veggie Burger with grilled onions instead of feta, please".It's been about a month since I had the pleasure of ravaging this for lunch, but it hasn't left my mind. Even though D'lish was out of buns, the toasted sourdough bread they put it on was good enough for me to consider asking for that instead from now on.First off, it's only $8.50 for a meal that will keep me full for at least 6 hours after. The burger itself (a mix of quinoa, black beans, and some other nommy things) is massive. It's the kind of burger that squishes out of the side of the bread when you bite into it. Awesome. It's topped with all kinds of fresh veggies, and then the bread is slathered with cucumber sauce on one side and pesto on the other. It's unreasonably good. Sound like a lot? It is. It might be 1,000 calories... but you know what? It's 1,000 calories of really freakin' delicious stuff.
4	This was my first trip to D'lish, my business partner talks about this place to no end so I've been excited to try it. It didn't disappoint. I went with the breakfast burrito with chicken sausage and it was really great. They also have almond milk, which I love, so I had a latte with almond milk as well. The food was amazing, very clean, and healthy. They have everything from Vegan, to Gluten Free, and are able to add chicken to anything for you meat eaters. I highly recommend this place. My only criticism is their parking situation is a little less than desirable. It's a very small and tight parking lot, we even saw that someone's car got hit while parked.
5	Not McDonald's fast but still faster then In-N-Out yet amazingly good. Don't have a very good side selection at all. The woman who took our order was... eccentric and would be oblivious of who Emily Post is but was still charming and efficient.
3	5 stars for food and setting2 stars for the serviceI really like their menu and they have a nice little seating area.  For those looking for a veggie/vegan alternative in fast dining, this is a really nice option.  BUT, the staff up front is usually rude or aloof.  Just be prepared for it, or go thru drive thru and avoid contact.  I really don't understand this business tactic at all.  It's hard to enjoy your food, when you feel like you are unwelcome in a place.
5	D'lish would be a perfect start to any type of day, whether it's action-filled days of snowboarding, inaction-filled days of laying by a pool and reading... or even, for the approx 90% of working-aged Americans who are sauntering, driving, running, biking, whatnot off to work. My New Year's Eve day was perfectly (obsessively) planned, and I wanted to make the most of it. So it was with slight trepidation that I decided on D'lish to start out my day. And... it was perfect!Perfectly hot/warm burritos filled with perfectly fluffy eggs and potatoes and savory meat to fill me perfectly full, at a price point that did not mar the perfection.5 yums up!
5	All I have to say is get the California Club. I live in the East Coast and I still crave for the sandwich. I wish I had the chance to try other things on the menu. The drive-thru concept is pretty neat, but there was a bit of a wait. Guess you can't rush perfection.
5	This place is an amazing breakfast spot, I usually go here once every weekend. The staff is super friendly and down to earth, and they have a lot of vegetarian options on the menu. I usually get the veggie burrito, which I highly recommend. The drive-thru is fast, which I thought was amazing for a health food spot. Make sure to get their fairly early on the weekends though because sometimes the line can get pretty long, but it moves fairly quickly. I have yet to try any lunch items here yet, but I'm planning on it since their breakfast items are so good!They also do a punch card, where you can get a free drink if you fill one up, coffee and smoothies included.
4	D'lish can be hit and miss, but when it's a hit, it is soooo good. I love their breakfast sandwhiches, and they usually have really good coffee. It gets really busy on the weekends, so prepare to wait a while if you're there on a Saturday or Sunday morning. If you ever drive by on the weekend and don't see a line, you owe it to yourself to pull off and get something to eat. I typically get their egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, and I'll add either bacon or chicken sausage. My wife loves the croissant sandwich, which has egg, cheese, tomato, bacon and pesto. We'll also typically get coffees or a blended protein drink or something. It's a great place to come for breakfast and coffee, but at times, the wait is really long, and the food/service can suffer when it's really busy. I'll continue to go there pretty much every weekend. Highly recommend.
5	Very cool, delicious, organic/local options, original and fun... Plus service from a bunch of cute, down to earth guys= Awesome in my book. I'll definitely be back!
5	D'Lish is DELISH! I finally visited this darling establishment after reading my fellow Yelper's reviews, and I'm glad I did.The guys that work here are super friendly and super cute ( that is soooo inappropriate for me to say at this age)  and they can make a very nice latte and wonderful food!When you read that this is "fast food", don't be scared off that you are going to a chain-type establishment: this IS fast food that is freshly prepared and absolutely D'LISH!
5	The Turkey sandwhich was one of the best i've ever had! D'lish is a hidden gem in Scottsdale! Very small, but cozy inside. I tried the turkey sandwhich, and had some ice tea to accompany it! By far one of the best lunches i've had! The service was excellent, I know I will be going back when I visit Arizona again.
4	I am a true fan! great for the vegetarian on the go :) DO NOT judge the D'Veggie bowl by its looks because it is fan-flippin-tastic! I wish they would come up with some other creative bowls though, they only have 2 to choose from and only one is for a veg. This place is true to the name, d'effing'lish :)
1	The only way I would eat at this place again is if my front door was less than 60 feet away from their entrance.... and I was a quadriplegic confined to a wheel chair for the rest of my life. Seeing that there are no residences that close and I can walk, I can confidently say I will never give this place a nickel again.I walk in to blaring reggae music, which is fine, whatever...but of course I have some douchebag in front of me with his girlfriend slowly dancing to the reggae music for a full 90 seconds while they are deciding what to order, if you want to groove to the music for 5...maybe 10 seconds, fine...but I'm hungover as fuck dude, quit dancing and order your gay salad with raspberry vinagarette and granola all over it. if I had any wish in the world at that very second I would have not wished for a million dollars or world peace, I would have wished for a hammer to instantly appear in my hand so I could hit him in the side of the knee as hard as possible so he would stop dancing and scream so loud that I wouldn't have to listen to the loud reggae music anymore either.I order an egg and cheese sandwich with bacon and an orange juice.  Orange juice arrives at my table first. It was basically sunny delight orange juice. This establishment has the hippy tree hugger organic feel to it and you idiots can't make fresh squeezed orange juice? The sandwich comes a full 8-10 minutes after I order it. It was small had a small egg not that much bacon at all, whatever on the cheese, and sourdough bread. This all cost me 10 bucks. Place is a fucking rip-off. If you had brought me my simple order in less than 24 seconds (not 10 minutes) and had fresh squeezed orange juice (not 3 bucks for sunny delight). Then ok charge me 10 bucks and I'll be moderately happy, and would maybe return to eat there if I was 2 mins away from dying of starvation and happened to be driving by.Then some guy walks in who I guess was the assistant coach of the ASU basketball team or something and one of the tree hugging hippy waaay too exuberant employees starts yelling "clap everyone its so and so from wherever...." and then made some joke like "go UofA" or something to mock him sarcastically. Shut up you dumb shit, I'm trying to consume your shitty 10 dollar egg sandwich in peace. Go smoke a bong in the back of the restaurant like you probably usually do anyway, or go stand in front of your restaurant with a sign saying you want it legalized so I can run you over on my way out. Then I leave and I'm walking to my car and reggae dancing douchebag from earlier is feeding his girlfriend from his fork on the outside patio. Ugh. Everything about this place made my head want to explode.And all you people who give this place 5 stars should be immediately transferred to the island of molokai like they did with all the people who had leprosy decades ago. Except the new colony will be for morons.
5	New favorite spot for quick and healthy food. The best eggwhite burrito and protein shake.  eat here 5 times a week, and I notice that the drive thru line is getting longer.  no longer a secret, the word is out about Dlish.  have not tried the dinner menu, but will soon.  Some great dishes.
5	Incredible!
5	Excellent. Fresh and yummy!
5	People are awesome so nice and the food is great! I love the breakfast buzz and the California club!!
4	This was my first time at D'lish, and while I normally don't eat at organic, healthy diners, this was a pleasant experience! I didn't have to wait to place my order, and the cashier answered all of my friend's questions quickly and courteously. He was also very patient in waiting for us to decide what drinks we wanted since we hadn't planned on getting any until he asked.The dining area inside is very small, but we were able to get a table even with the area pretty busy. There were plenty of spots to sit at outside, as well. While waiting I noticed that the music was a little too loud. It made talking with my friend difficult at some points. The atmosphere of the place is very chill, though, and it lends to casual dining.Our smoothies arrived in a few minutes and our food was there shortly after. I ordered the berry smoothie, and it was very tasty. My friend ordered the strawberry-banana smoothie, and it was just as good. For food, I ordered the California Club. It has egg, bacon, turkey, pepper jack, cream cheese, avocado, tomato, and pesto on Artisan bread, if I remember correctly. It was fabulous! Like I said, I don't tend to eat healthy food (I'm a meat and potatoes kind of girl), but this definitely hit the spot. Everything tasted fresh, and I really enjoyed the cream cheese addition. I didn't notice much avocado on the sandwich, though, but I also wasn't inspecting it very closely. My friend ordered the Chicken Breast Panini, and he says it was "delish."The employees noticed we were sitting around talking, so they came by and picked up our plates and trash to free up some space on our table for us. They were very polite and asked us how the food was. When my friend mentioned I was a Yelper, the employee seemed delighted to hear that. I mentioned that there were good reviews for the place, and he said that he reads them often. It's always nice to hear that businesses pay attention to what is being said by customers!Overall, I had a great experience at D'lish, and I'll be sure to go back!
5	I freaking love this place. The food is always awesome, love the buzz, the staff is always hilarious. They can blare all kinds of reggae music, hell even country ( and I hate country quite a bit) and I'd still be there pretty much everyday. I do wish that they would be open later  so after work I could get dinner lol.
4	You know, it's really a nice thing to have an option for a fast, but relatively healthy breakfast.  The restaurant itself is basically a drive thru type place with a slight coffee house vibe on the inside.  They weren't slammed but were pretty steady, and were able to move customers through quickly.I had the veggie burrito, which was pretty good and cheesy, and was served with a very tasty, very mild salsa which gave it some flavor it otherwise would have been lacking.Tanya had the veggie frittata, which was also quite good and was served on toast, which was a little more than lightly buttered, but that's okay.  Broccoli for breakfast ain't really my bag, but she seemed to be okay with it.The place seems priced about right, and it's nice to finish breakfast out and not feel like a big fat whale.  For that alone, this place would get my recommendation, but they manage to make healthyish food taste pretty good, too.
5	Really cool local place, checked it out during Spring Training before heading to the Giants game. I read the great reviews so I got a little of everything to try it out: a soup, sandwich, and smoothie. The soup was excellent gourmet quality, on par with a top restaurant. The smoothie was excellent, very fresh and refreshing, more of the low-dairy, low-powder, high fruit type smoothie that is really cold and icey and has a sugary bite to it like you might make at home with a blender and some fresh fruit. On the sandwich I think I called a bad audible, as I read their cali club was great on my phone, then arrived to order and saw that included egg but I wanted lunch, so I switched to the turkey club. Although the turkey club had quality ingredients, I think the strong flavor of the whole wheat bread overwhelmed the subtle flavor of the turkey, which made the sandwich less flavorful overall. However, my friends said their sandwiches and coffee were great, and they made a good tuna sandwich. I think my friends and I will definitely return in future springs!
5	Drive thru was quick, service was sufficient, and the food was outstanding.
5	Great little hidden gem I discovered. Many healthy options that wont break your wallet. Also love that you can get your food fast without having to be waited on. Excellent spot to stop by for lunch. Love the Man Salad and any of the breakfast egg creations are awesome. Nice atmosphere, free Wifi so i can get my work done. Go check them out asap!
4	I love this place! D'lish is conveniently on my way to work and I love the staff there. I tried this place for the first time about a week ago and there was a pretty solid line through the drive thru. I was extremely impressed with the friendliness and efficiency of the people who work there. They have an extensive menu and I am sure many people (like myself) order food as well as a beverage when they go through the drive thru. For their location this can cause a bit of a squeeze as the line starts to get longer and longer and as does the wait time. But fear not!! A lovely D'lish employee walks outside, takes your order and payment, and BAM. Next thing you know, you have your delicious coffee and you are on your way! Don't fear the line. Seriously, you'll be taken care of.As far as food goes, I've only tried the egg and cheese sandwich and it was a delicious breakfast indeed. Next adventure? the oatmeal. Enjoy my friends, and get your D'lish ON.
4	Friendly staff, awesome breakfast.  If you like to eat healthy organic food, you would like this place.  I tried their "oatmeal our way" which was made with quinoa and fresh fruit and I loved it.  Also their breakfast buritto was really good.  We were in Scottsdale for a few days and we ate there every day.
5	I ate here for the first time this morning as an Arizona tourist.  I got the vegetarian burrito with avocado and put a little sriracha sauce on it.  It was fantastic!  I went in really wanting just some scrambled eggs or an omelet, which wasn't exactly what they offered, so i got this instead.  I am quite picky and not an easy mind changer, but I'd like to go back tomorrow to get the exact same thing.  I wish this existed closer to where I live (Colorado).  It was a little loud in the store itself, but its because it was a weekend morning during breakfast hours.  I'd recommend this place highly!  The also had free additions to coffee such as soy milk and flavors, which is a greatly appreciated touch.
5	Great place to go before heading to the zoo. Not a lot of seating if you're with a big party
5	Everytime I pull up to D'Lish I seriously have cartoon hearts popping out of my chest.  I have loved every single thing I've eaten here. Breakfast go to is a Frittata - perfectly done. Split a hummus if you're grabbing lunch with friends. My new favorite dish is the Southwest Bowl - Basmati Rice and Enchilada Sauce together as one? Yes, Please! The staff here is phenomenal..always feel welcome! I prefer to call ahead and you're in and out in a flash.
5	I ate here for the first time the other day. I was a bit nervous that it'd be busy because it was a Sunday morning but there were still spots in their baby parking lot. Their drive thru is poorly placed for other drivers trying to park but their ordering system makes the line go pretty quickly. My friend and I ate on the patio. They was plenty of seating outside but little seating inside. The food and drinks were great! I had a breakfast croissant sandwich and an orange glorious smoothie. All in all the restaurant is appropriately named. The food and drinks are indeed d'lish.
5	Love you. Really do. Love you even more because I can't have you.  Because I live in Chi-town and you live in Scottsdale.  Darn you.I ate here three times. In two days. Yep.  That amazingly good.Iced tea is the bomb. I loved it. They have great flavors.Protein shakes are delish.  Hence the name of the place.  Rockin' to say the least.Breakfast salad was so good, I now crave it.  Sucks to crave something so far away.Quinoa oatmeal was also wonderful and healthy and tasty.Basically, I think you are nuts if you don't like this place. I'm super jeals of all of the peeps that live out there that can eat at D'lish whenever they want.  As for people crabbin' about the price?  It's independent.  It's different. It's got a great vibe.  And the food is tasty.  Eat and hush up and enjoy.
3	Food was healthy and tasty but a bit overpriced and akward to wait if you order to-go.  They have absolutely no waiting area or chairs so I was standing in the middle of two rows of tightly packed tables trying not to be in the way.  And they told me 10 min wait over the phone but I'm pretty sure I waited at least 30 mins.  :(
4	I really liked our stop at D'lish. It was first place we visited when we stepped off the plane for Spring Training, and just the breakfast I had been wanting since 3:30 AM. Thanks to all the great Yelpers in Scottsdale, we decided quickly on D'lish, and found it to be up to all the hype. The food is delicious, healthy, and fast, and we were not at all disappointed. The inside is small, but we had a great spot on the outside. As someone who loves to eat on the healthy side, this was the perfect stop to get us geared up for a weekend of baseball.
1	I've been to D'lish twice now (I wanted to give it a second chance before passing judgement). What I've found is that the food is pretty good but really over priced and they make horrible coffee & chai iced drinks! Both times I visited I ordered the California Club sandwich that has egg, turkey, bacon, pesto, tomato and cream cheese--it's pretty damn D'lish, but $7.95 is A LOT to spend on a breakfast sandwich!! Worth noting also, the first time I went there I asked for regular cream cheese instead of "lite" they said sure...this time, the guy (who was pretty rude the whole time) said they don't have regular ever, only lite...there was no way I could have ordered it like that before!The first time I went I ordered a dirty chai 32 oz (large) it was $6!! Yikes! AND, it tasted awful. I noticed when they were making it that they don't actually brew espresso or coffee, they pulled out a gallon of iced coffee from a fridge to make it that looked like something they'd purchased at a store "iced coffee"...the drink did not taste fresh and it wasn't in the least bit sweet. I actually had to add sugar when I got to work because it was unpalatable. Today, I decided to get an iced coffee with mocha. Well...again with the gallon of store bought iced coffee and then what appeared to be a big ol' tub of Hershey's chocolate syrup is what they used to pass this off as a "mocha". Then, when I got the drink it wasn't sweet at all (again) I asked for a little more "mocha" and by the time I got it back it was ridiculously over sweetened. To balance out the sweetness I stopped at Circle K and bought some milk (since, there iced coffee apparently do not come with cream nor do they offer it...I was in the drive thru...). By the time I got to work, put in my milk it was basically a big glass of chocolate milk! Sorry, D'lish...but you're over priced and you couldn't make a good coffee drink if you tried...and you did...twice. I'm out!!
5	Glad I found this place on Yelp. Very busy place. They bring the food out to you. Great fresh sandwiches. If your visiting town, do what I did and put this place on your list!
4	Really enjoyed this place. I'm always trying to find new things to love and this place satisfied me even with my particular tastes. My husband loved his panini and I loved my turkey sandwhich. It's very small, but very nice to sit on the patio and enjoy good, healthly food with a lemonade! Would love to come here again.
5	I just had my first -- and certainly not last -- meal from D'lish!  My food was packed with flavor and delicous fresh ingredients.  The service was super friendly and fast, too.  I can't wait to try more from their yummy-looking menu!
5	The California Club and Breakfast Buzz are both amazing
4	I used to go here a lot for lunch when I worked in Old Town, if the line wasn't super long. The sandwiches are healthy, all the while keeping it really tasty. Everything I have tried has not disappointed and the coffee is so good. Turkey club was my usual lunch order.
5	I have waited up to 15 minutes in the drive thru here for an iced coffee...I gave this place 5 starsI have been late to work, threatening my career with a company I've spent almost a decade with...I gave this place 5 starsI love D'lish, the food, the drinks, everything here is fantastic.  I could eat the California club 3 times a day and only drink their coffee and be happy the rest of my life, I've considered moving to be in walking distance and due to the housing market have almost rented a commercial space to live out of even though it will cost me 3 times as much.  I think I'm gonna do it, and quit my job.. I love D'lish
1	I REALLY wanted to love this place...but it did not go well.  I never noticed this restaurant although it is right next door to my favorite burrito spot (Super Burrito).  When I arrived they were plenty of people pulling into the drive thru.  Since I couldn't figure out what to order, I went inside.  The staff was cordial.  I decided to keep it simple and ordered a traditional burrito.  I was so excited!  I got home and bit into it and "crunch"!  I tried again..more crunch!  Broken egg shells in my burrito!   Needless to say I lost my appetite.  I called to let them know I was bringing the burrito back and no I didn't want anything else (they offered).  Although they were very apologetic, I'm just not sure I can bring myself back to trying something else.  D'lish was a D'isappointment :(  Maybe I'll give the new Tempe location a try *sigh*.
5	It was the afternoon so I said why not try a non breakfast sandwich, so i took a chance on the "chicken panini" (added avocado because as you know which you all should avocado is a gift from the gods) AND IT BLEW MY BRAINS!  I ate it so quick I couldn't take a picture or I would upload its deliciousness to it can stimulate your eyes as it did my stomach.  This place never disappoint's, EVER!
5	Holy cow, the food here is amazing!Just a small quick eat place with super fresh and healthy food. They have very a very creative menu with options for just about everyone's diet, including vegi, vegan, and gluten free.Very friendly service, from people that seem to love working there.I recommend the cali club the ingredients sound strange, but trust me, it works. Check out the photo that someone has posted of it.Highly recommended, its a must do in Scottsdale.
5	Today was my second time there. Tried the California Club and the Turkey Club. Both were excellent! Iced green tea is so refreshing.
5	Believe the hype.  Just moved to this part of town recently and am now frequenting this place whenever I can (since they close at 4pm).  The fact that I can get amazing, fresh, natural, often organic and local food, in a drive thru is awesome.  This place is very small but it doesn't matter because it's all good and usually pretty quick (considering what you get).  I even ordered soup when it was 105 degrees just because i wanted to try everything!  And I don't mind paying extra cuz it's always fresh, delicious and they're friendly (and cute) so why not.  You probably drive by it all the time and don't even notice it, but you're missing out.  Can't wait to try their dinner entrees (even though they close at 4pm) they also have a lot of breakfast stuff and smoothies and coffees too.
5	This place is pretty incredible.  The california club and the breakfast buzz are probably the best items on the menu IMO... but seriously, you can't go wrong.  The only thing I've had that I didn't really care for is the Breakfast Burrito, but that was because it was just a little boring compared to the other choices on their menu.  It's a long wait in the drive thru 99% of the time, but it is absolutley MORE than worth it.
4	Loved everything about this place...food, vibe, price, service.
3	Food is super tasty. Always. So tasty. Coffee is slightly above par, with lots of options. Service is molasses slow. For a drive thru, don't bother unless you have at least ten or fifteen minutes to spare.
4	California. Club. All day long. Strangely wasn't really that big of a fan of the breakfast buzz but it was still good.  Maybe too much peanut butter for my taste.
4	Great breakfast and fun atmosphere! High quality at a reasonable price.
4	Came here and did drive-though to pick up a turkey sandwich and the "man" salad.   The salad was really good!!!!  On a hot summer day, the salad is a perfect choice for lunch!!!
5	The best breakfast sandwiches. I had my first dirty chai here, awesome! Can sit outside with my little dog and enjoy the nice weather.
3	A buddy and I stopped by for pick-up on our lunch break a few days ago. I had their southwest rice bowl. It was alright...a little on the soupy side, with too much of the enchilada sauce and not enough chicken. It came with blue corn tortilla chips, which sounded good...the bag contained maybe 10 chips? Really? Again, it was alright...I could probably make this at home. It was also a little on the spendy side for what I got. I'll give something else on their menu a try next time.
3	The white guy behind the counter was kind of unfriendly when we came in, we hadn't done anything but walk in the door, hadn't even opened our mouths to order yet and the guy seemed like we were really putting him out by being there, but the Hispanic guy cooking and serving was really nice to us, which is what kept my husband from walking out on the bad first impression.  I'm glad we didn't leave cause the food was great.  I got the low carb breakfast and also sampled my husband's quinoa "oatmeal" (delicious with just the right amount of sweet and fresh fruit) and egg sandwich (cheese to die for and some very good chicken sausage).  My husband's complaint (beside the sort of assclowny guy behind the counter) was that the menu did not make clear that the egg sandwich was a fried egg rather than scrambled and that the oatmeal would be quinoa rather than regular oatmeal.  As we were sitting eating the CSA arrived with the days vegetable delivery.  Buying local from the farm?  No wonder it tasted so good.
4	I've never had something from D'lish that I didn't like. The chicken panini and breakfast club are two of my favorites. Dirty chai vanilla latte rocks my socks. The only bad thing I could say about this place is sometimes the wait kind of sucks, but for the delicious food and drinks it's worth it!
5	D'lish has very delicious food.  This place has very healthy and tasty fresh food.  In addition, they have a major plus with a drive-thru window.  It is a good thing they have that because it gets quite packed with such a small location.  I have had their salads and sandwiches, and so far everything has been exceptional.  During my last visit, I tried the Breakfast Buzz.  The Breakfast Buzz has peanut butter, protein powder, bananas, espresso coffee, and skim milk.  It was a delicious blend of yummy.
5	You can come for the food and drinks, or, you can come to people watch.Seriously. Wake up in a Saturday/Sunday morning with nothing to do? Stop by D-lish, get a drink and enjoy the view. Soon enough, you'll see a stead flow of hipsters, Scottsdale party-goers in their walk-of-shame outfits and sorority girls in their Sunday best. Its absolutely stunning to see so many accidentally-overdressed people coming to a very very casual breakfast spot. And hey, most of them are pretty attractive- so its not like its a bad sight to see.Customers aside, D'lish is an extremely popular spot for obvious reasons. Their breakfast items are a comforting deviation from your typical eggs Benedict, pancake stacks and omelettes, even tho they do have these components in one way or another.  For example, instead of your scramble eggs and bread, you can get the egg fritata on toast served with bacon and a pour of a smoky chipotle sauce. If you want something easier to eat or even "on the go", their club sandwich with egg is filling, hangover cure-tastic and pretty tasty. My one advice is to not get the veggie sandwich- its mostly green leaves and doesn't have the flavor and heartiness that we all need at 11am on a Saturday.For drinks, I can't not order the orangina. It is extremely refreshing, not too sweet and gives me tons of energy (and Vitamin C). If you want to bulk up, their breakfast smoothie (with peanut butter, chocolate and other hearty items) is definitely a mouthful (dirty jokes aside!) but it is extremely popular for those peanut butter/chocolate smoothie lovers. Unfortunately, their iced chai is not worth ordering- it lacks flavor and its mostly just skim milk. :(Pay at the counter and wait to get served at the table. Space is extremely limited, but luckily, many people chose the drive-through option so it is not too hard to get a table at prime time.Hope to see your hungover asses there soon, if I haven't already....
4	I blinked & I missed it - it's tiny but has a lot of food options to offer. I got a vegan chocolate protein shake & it was a wonderful way to start my day. Love that such yummy fresh food can come through a drive thru!
3	So so
1	My boyfriend and I have been wanting to try out this place for a while and finally got a chance to stop by. The food was mediocre but overpriced and the portions were small, pre-made eggs and such. There was trash overflowing, on tables, and all over the floor. Dead plants and open peanut butter containers sitting out for the MANY flies to get to. The service was bad. The man working was on his cell phone yelling about having money stolen from him and spent the rest of the time looking at motorcycles online. I used the bathroom, which has no air conditioning and no working faucet. I got a glimpse of the kitchen and, again, it was worthy of  a cringe. I was almost unable to eat my sandwich when it came. I was a little worried I'd get food poisoning. Stay away from this location: bad service, expensive food, and extremely unsanitary.
5	I got the man salad which had BACON, chicken, tuna, tortilla chips, avocado, tomatoes and mixed green with a blue cheese dressing. I have been eating a bunch of fried food so I craved a salad and even though this salad isn't the healthiest of salad it definitely was satsifying. It was a pretty big salad for under $10 and I loved the wooden bowl they served it to me in. I like the concept of fast healthy food since they had a drive thru but I opted for the dining in option. I went up to the counter ordered and they gave me a number and deliver the meal to my when it was ready.  It reminded me of a small hole in the wall coffee shop with plenty of great food options. I would love to come back here and try some of the sandwiches and other types of salads.
5	Kitchen sink salad is amazing! It comes with chewy, soft bagel "chips" on the side and the salad itself is a pretty decent portion of yummy quinoa, lettuce (arugula?), and lots of other goodies. You won't get bored with this salad, that's for sure. This salad has bagel chips in it, which I was skeptical of at first, but they came in a separate bag and were soft and chewy, just like a bagel should be!  I've tried a few bites of other items like the breakfast burrito and the club, both of which were tasty. I've been wanting to try the burgers since they sound so delicious, but they're always out of them, even before noon! As for drinks, I've tried the soy chai, almond chai, and dirty soy chai. I've gotta say, don't mess with perfection-the soy chai is where it's at! Also, their lemonade is BOMB, and I hate lemonade usually. The girl behind the counter said it's not homemade but it's "really expensive" lemonade they get delivered, and I totally believe her.Only complaints are the hours (they close so early!) and the parking situation, which totally sucks. Parking requires Austin-Powers style maneuvers going from reverse to drive back and forth, but its totally worth it. Part of this is because they have a DRIVE-THRU, which is awesome, but the line is sooooooo long (all the time!), so it's worth it to just park and go inside or order if you don't call ahead. Also, you can call ahead and go through the drive-thru to pick up your order if there's no line!Overall, cheap and delicious but lame hours and parking situation!
5	Just found D'lish through a friend's recommendation.  Portabello soup and turkey club are amazing, coffee (their own) is smooth, and the service is friendly and fast.  It really doesn't get any better than this!!!  I will be back often!
5	This place made me believe in Arizona food again. It's easy to think of AZ as a bland cookie cutter city but places like D'lish are helping us gain a culinary identity. Go D'lish!
1	Went there a few weeks ago and picked up food for a group. The guy at the counter was very condescending when my friend asked if they had french fries. (We had never been there) I could not believe how he treated us... When eating another  friend found a hair in her food and called later not asking for anything but to let them know. They asked if there were more than one....Thinking that was funny. Would not support this establishment unless I was starving.....
5	I went to D'lish for the first time just an hour ago, and here I am reviewing it already!To begin with, I rolled up to the drive thru with my dog in my lap, making a fuss, and the woman at the window could not have been any nicer! She gave Danny (my Pom/Schipperke mix) a treat, which he happily gobbled up.Next, I ordered the Breakfast Buzz. Took 2 minutes for the drink, and the gentleman who gave me my drink was very friendly!Finally, my drink- OMG it is SO GOOD! I'm hooked. Chocolate, peanut butter and bananas, what is not to like? I can't wait to try their food! Friendly service and good food make this place a must!
5	Yes, I will pile on.  Hipster inspired decor and attitude and delicious and unique breakfast.  We shared the "our way oatmeal) which is made with quinoa/fresh fruit and we opted for the almond milk.  My GF got the breakfast club and I tried the AZ burrito (which I pronounced the AS-burrito, or the A-Z burrito).  Both were fresh and had such interesting ingredient combinations that made things so tasty.  I'm not sure why anyone would go to some big chain place when the food is fairly priced and so delicious here.  Wished I had this place locally.
5	The food is simply amazing!
5	I read some reviews that complained about how long they waited for their food. I always call in my order. They're friendly servers have it ready when I get there.The Tuna sandwich is very good.
2	First time at D'Lish and I was quite D'ssapointed. I ordered (to-go) the quinoa bowl that comes with veggies and it came out soup style...which then exploded in my paper bag on the drive back to work. I ordered mine without cheese expecting the bowl to then be a vegan dish but it appeared to be full of cream! Ew! Why would I bother to ask them when ordering if their "quinoa veggie bowl" has cream in it? SO weird. I also ordered an iced green tea with some lemonade mixed in and it came out pink and tasting like sugar water. Ummmmm.... when does green tea look pink...This place is a nice concept but it's overpriced and lacks vegan options and I won't be going back for food. I do want to try their coffee so I'll be back to see how that goes. All in all, D'Lish left a lot to be D'sired in my opinion.
2	I am not sure about this place. I like it but my god was it dirty as hell! I am mean so freakin dirty I am not sure what the hell was going on. Trash cans over flowing with trash, trash all over the floor and under stuff, all the way into the Kitchen. It was terrible. I had the veggie wrap. It was OK. nothing special. My kids had turkey and chicken sandwiches which were ok. My wife had quinoa thingy which is just veggies and quinoa in a soup. It was good but clearly a pre made soup most. I am not sure I would go to this location again due to it being FILTHY! I don't care if they were slammed for lunch and in the weeds they should have cleaned up. They were all standing around not cleaning a damn thing. Not sure if I would give them a second chance...Coffee was mediocre at best
5	My office is in Old Town Scottsdale so I have a lot of options for lunch. This little place is by far my favorite! My "usual order" is the "Man Salad" which is just amazing- lots of protein and good fats to keep you full all afternoon!They are always so friendly EVEN when they're busy. The thing I like most, however, is simply how consistent they are. The salad is the same every time, their service is excellent every time, and they are as fast as possible every time. You see them hustling to get orders done as quickly as they can. The place is really just wonderful- keep doing what you're doing guys!
5	Well they got the name right with this place because it is DEEEELISH!I've been here twice (it would probably be closer to 50 times, but I live in Tucson)... the first time I got the az burro,  the second time a croissant sandwich.  Both these things I feel like I've had a hundred times before... but somehow D'lish makes them taste 100x better!  Don't know what their secret is, but I'm lovin it!
4	My fiance and I needed a quick place to stop for lunch on our way between Sedona and Los Angeles.  We were driving through Phoenix, and we settled on D'lish because it was a well-reviewed drive-thru with plenty of options.  It was a good choice, quick, affordable, and tasty.There was a short line for the drive-thru, but we were helped relatively quickly.  I was expecting a McDonald's-style drive-thru speaker system, but an employee came out and took our order while we waited in our cars.  The same employee then took our money at the pay window and maybe even gave us our food at the food window?  Is that too Looney Tunes?  Maybe there was another employee or just the one window.  Either way, he was a nice guy.I ordered the combo lunch with a sandwich, a side, and a small drink.  I chose the turkey club, which was a pretty decent sandwich with smoked turkey, bacon, cheese, avocado, tomato, and lite honey mustard spread, served on toasted whole wheat.  It was a decently sized sandwich, not heavy but filling.  It was maybe a little dry despite having good turkey - less bread, maybe, or more mayonnaise would have done the trick.  I picked a soup for my side, a red pepper bisque that came with bagel chips.  This was excellent.  The soup was soothing and thick with tomato and red pepper, and the crispy bagel chips were perfect for dipping.  I'd definitely recommend a soup if you're coming through D'lish.  For my drink, I subbed in the Breakfast Buzz for a little bit extra.  I wasn't quite sold when I read the description on the menu, but as I often do, I let the voice of Yelp dictate my order.  This drink was a shake made with vitamins, protein, espresso, nonfat milk, peanut butter, banana, and chocolate, blended with ice.  Pro tip, guys - don't lead with vitamins and proteins.  It makes your drink sound less delicious.  I'm glad I got the Breakfast Buzz against my fat-craving inner skeptic - it was fantastic, creamy and refreshing with plenty of banana, peanut butter, and chocolate to silence the healthier components.We ate our lunch in the car and drove off in less than fifteen minutes.  It was a nice, efficient stop, and the food was well worth stopping for.  I'd recommend to D'lish to Phoenicians and weary travelers alike.
5	My first thought when I came here was, I hope the food is worth the wait. And It was.  My fellow yelpers never do me wrong, so I had to go with the California Club and Breakfast Buzz.  Both lived up to the numerous good reviews.  I just loved the Breakfast Buzz's hint of peanut butter flavor. I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food considering they have a drive through.  This place is most definitely not your typical fast food restaurant.  If you have not come here yet, give it a try you won't be disappointed.
4	This is supposed to be a healthy eating establishment.  I am usually on a very restricted diet no sugar no starch as well as the use of HCG and most diets now a days seem to be jumping on the same bandwagon.  Its all about eating clean.  Hormone free meats, fruits and veggies thats it so when I took a look at the low carb menu that came with hash browns for every low carb entree I was a little confused and disappointed but rather than try and decipher their menu I just told the lady taking my order that I needed something with virtually no calories like an egg beater omelet she said we can make you an egg white omelet which isnt really my preference but I figured my choices were pretty limited so I said o.k. then I sat down pretty much prepared to hate whatever they brought me.  These people know how to make boring egg whites taste good.  It came on a bed of greens with tomatoes and onions as I requested along with a few slices of avocado and a very tasty pesto sauce just enough to give it flavor.  I loved it and felt extremely satisfied even though it must have been under 250 calories.  I would definitely go here again and order the same.Make sure you get there early for breakfast because seating is very limited inside and out.  There is also a drive through.
3	Cute place, minuscule parking lot.  Had a turkey wrap, which was on the small side compared to most wraps I've had, but it was plenty filling enough for me (a little skimpy on the avocado though).  Also tried the breakfast buzz shake, which had pretty good flavor, but was more icy and less creamy than I would have liked.
5	I love this spot for a quick, healthy drive-thru lunch! They offer a great menu full of healthy dishes. My favorite is the Veggie D'Light wrap. the sauce is so tasty and I love all of the veggies. Great staff, too - they're always friendly and fun.I haven't tried their breakfast, but want to. Great local spot!
4	Good food. Quick service. Went there for breakfast and was very pleased with our oatmeal and breakfast burrito. Yum.
4	I love this concept:  healthy breakfast/brunch/lunch on-the-go.  I tried D'lish this morning for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised.  I wasn't expecting much from a drive-through establishment but they delivered a hot, yummy breakfast, coupled with a chai latte that was probably the best I've had to date!Don't go expecting the speed of fast food drive-through.  You will wait a bit but it's worth it because the food is that much better.  I tried the breakfast burrito with chicken sausage, wrapped in a warm whole wheat tortilla.  I enjoyed it.  What makes me happy is that there are several other breakfast and lunch items that look appealing to me so I know a repeat visit is in my future.
5	I've spotted this place while driving down Scottsdale and saw it had great reviews on here and had to try it.  They have drinks, snacks, bfast/lunch items that are creative and tasty.  Healthier and more nutritious than others nearby.  Fast and friendly as well.
5	I stop by for a quick lunch near work. I've enjoyed several of the dishes they serve here:-The chicken panini ($7.25 with chips); the chicken, mushrooms and pesto were very good.-The Breakfast Buzz (peanut butter-banana-espresso smoothie)-The baja chicken soup and the bagel chips that go with it-Pomegranate green tea (not artificially/overly sweet)-Man Salad (Nice assortment of protein to fill you up)-Lo Carb Breakfast (2 eggs, avocado, & hashbrown on top of a salad)-The AZ burro (I only had a bite but seemed tasty and more filling than the regular sandwiches); saw someone eating this "enchilada style" (baja chicken soup on top) and it looked glorious.Wouldn't try again:The hummus plate. The hummus itself wasn't that great and even though I usually like crudites, the veggies that came with it weren't standout either. Oh well, can't win them all. Won't deduct a star for this because of how good everything else has been.The guy at the counter was really nice and friendly and didn't rush us to order even though it was getting busy.Parking sucks (something like 9 spots?) and the drive thru line looks like it can get crowded fast, but I've had decent luck with it after 12:30 and when I call my order in ahead of time. Also, God help you if you sit inside and someone orders something that needs to be blended (like a Breakfast Buzz). It gets really loud with that machine on.That being said, it's nice to sit at one of the outside tables when the weather is good.I'll definitely keep swinging by as almost everything I try turns out to be quite tasty. As far as food goes in that area, it seems like one of the better options. Only wish they were open later in the day so I could grab something on my way out of work.
5	I first learned of this 'hole in the wall' fabulous gem when I was taken by the hand there by a former love last winter.  I hadn't been back until a few weeks ago and I am still in love with the YUMMY YUM YUM YUM food and smoothies they whip up.  While dining there they make me feel like a Goddess and will act as your 'date' if you go in solo or with another girlfriend.  It doesn't hurt to have amazing company and laughter while you dive into your California Club and inhale your Breakfast Buzz!  The oatmeal is something amazing and everything is simply tasty!The price is nice and is someplace I would take the snobbiest "Scottsdalelight" for a pleasant surprise and an amazing meal.  The portions are sharable if you are watching your wallet or waistline!
1	I don't like to trash a place based on one bad employee, but I don't think I'll go back here.I went here with a friend. We place our order and sit down. A few minutes later, our waiter takes our drinks to a table across the room. This table realizes they have the wrong drinks and returns them to the counter. This is no big deal, I won't freak out over this. The waiter then brings the drinks (with the same straws used by the previous table) to my friend and me. I ask for new straws. The waiter then tells me "I just made these and I took the paper off of the straws." Why did he lie about this? I try not to make a scene, but he continues lying to me and refusing to just get two straws for a full five minutes before I reveal that I have watched where the drinks have been, I know that he did not "just make" them, and he was not the one handling the straws. He makes a scene and lays into me with a very sarcastic tone. I didn't eat too much of my meal. When your waiter lies about sanitary issues and mocks you in front of a crowd, your appetite goes away.This was probably my fifth or sixth visit to D'lish. In the past, the service has been okay and food is pretty good. But I have no problem with never eating here again.
1	All I have to say is, it's been a nightmare being vegan and ordering from this place. Never have I been through the drive-thru and have received a correct order. Yes, I understand ordering vegan is a bit more complicated but at a place like this, one would think that the *entire* staff should be competent enough to be able to handle such a feat.After speaking with a manager regarding my last order and telling them I did not want a free meal, that I just wanted my money back and it was the principle and the concept of when a food establishment gets an order wrong, it creates waste. I was surprised to hear their reply: that they don't care what I do with the food. Be that as it may, they should care because that means they're losing money. So, after I stated I just wanted my money back, the manager seemed to have become short and frustrated. This last visit just further solidified my validation in that this place is NOT for vegans.
4	Great breakfast and lunch food in Scottsdale.  Very cool that you can do drive-thru and come in for a quick, delicious meal.
5	On a business trip to Scottsdale, I discovered this place and ordered the California Club based on other Yelp reviews. To this day, I still crave the sandwich and have even tried to re-create this deliciousness at home (... just not the same)!
5	Excellent oatmeal. Highly recommend!
5	Literally d'lish. I think I've had and loved everything on the menu. Nuts&berries salad, california club, turkey club, southwest burrito bowl, protein burger, ...everything. healthy and amazing.
4	Great coffee, fresh food, friendly service.  Great little stop. Could use a good cleaning, but if you can overlook that, you'll love the place.
5	Love this place, I got the breakfast club, and my wife got the turkey club and butternut squash soup. Everything was so fresh and tasty. We will come here again when in the area! Also the coffee was fantastic, no need for cream or sugar.
4	I like this place for there drinks and sandwiches, but there burritos just have way too much egg in them. I guess if you are a huge egg fan you'll love their breakfast burritos, but I like to keep it at a minimum. I usually order the turkey BLT or tuna sandwich which are both great. They are quick and keep it casual and friendly. They even have a drive thru which I've never used, but if you are too lazy too get out of your car and don't mind wasting money on gas it's perfect for you!
3	Average food. Noisy inside. Not a lot of parking, actually horrible parking. I got caught in the drive thru trying to leave. It's like healthier fast food. I had the breakfast burro and my wife had the Cali club. Both were average to me.
5	Very yummy food, friendly staff, quick service, good coffee...great spot for breakfast!
4	I was very surprised by the food and customer service here...I got the vegan quinoa burger with the mushrooms and cream sauce.  Super yummy, but what's better is that it was yummy drive thru food!My kidlet was with me and I couldn't find anything kid-like on the menu.  When I got to the window, I asked if they could make him a PBJ and give us a side of broccoli.  "Of course!" was the reply and I was instantly in love!Yea for yummy drive thru and healthy kid drive thru food too!
3	Easily worthy of 5 stars based on the food alone. However, accessibility & efficiency are not D'Lish's strong points based on a building they've clearly outgrown. Congratulations to creating a successful business, but everybody's favorite neighborhood secret has literally outgrown its charm. I find it annoying to wait 15 minutes for a blended drink (Breakfast Buzz) which I can easily replicate at home. I could go on and on about the cramped seating, rough chairs & the worst parking lot in S. Scottsdale, but I won't. I want to see D'Lish succeed on a bigger scale. It's quite simple. Rent or build a bigger building. Build your brand; because waiting 25 minutes for breakfast food isn't good business.
5	Awesome breakfast and good lunch. Makes you feel a little healthy and hippie and green and hipster.Smelled of marijuana, but I guess that only made me more hungry?Good place. Fast. Go. Now. Should be open late.
4	I've been to both the Apache location and this one several times. Both locations are top notch. I love coming here for a quick and healthy breakfast. The atmosphere is really laid back and the service is always great. I am a creature of habit but may I recommend the veggie breakfast burrito? Oh. My. God. It's divine. It's balanced and filling-and I feel like I'm starting my day off right. The iced coffees are so yummy, but beware of knowing what size to order... I went for the large Americano once and got a thirstbuster of espresso! The only drawback of both locations is the parking lot, especially this one. It's quite small and hard to navigate. Overall, I highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for a place with healthy breakfast and lunch options & great coffee. There's something to satisfy both vegetarians and meat eaters alike!
5	The thing I love about this place is that its simple. Sandwiches, salads, soups. Breakfast and Lunch. There menu is specific.... what comes on the meal and what health benefits (if any). They do not serve soda. Tea, lemonade and coffee. Staff was knowledgeable and quick. No complaints.
5	The food at D'lish is super fresh and real tasty!  Recommend the breakfast club and a coffee (drink menu is on point).  For lunch, the tuna sandwich or turkey club are awesome!  If you don't want to wait in line (drive-thru line can grow fast, parking lot has about 10 spots), then call your order in, highly recommended.
4	I enjoyed it and the flavors. I had the chicken panini and the bf had the breakfast bagel. It doesn't include any sides but we weren't too hungry anyway. Service was fine... run by some older teens. Not that friendly but not bad service either. I think one kid was in training as I think I knew the menu better than he did, and it was my first time there! :-P I'm sure he'll do fine.
5	YUM! This place is a little gem I stumbled upon not too long ago. Their name says it all. I could say more, but there's no need. If you're near by, check it out. If not, it's worth the drive.
5	D'lish doesn't need another review, but I love it so much that I couldn't resist.  If I can help you out with anything, the key is to drench their sandwiches/wraps/flat breads in their chipotle aioli - game changer.  Makes their super delicious food even better.  While it's 'fast food,' be prepared to wait as everything is made to order.  Totally worth it, and you will be occupied by reading the rest of the menu items, plotting your next order a week later.
5	I was a bit skeptical when I asked Siri for a good place to get breakfast being an out of towner.  I was not disappointed at all with D'lish as the selection.  I was looking for a light easy breakfast, and went with the quinoa oatmeal.  I was a bit nervous having oatmeal without the oats, but they nailed it.  The fresh medley of fruit , the vanilla macaroon granola, and everything else just mixed perfectly.Will return without question.  Can't wait to try some more of the menu.
5	Quick stop sandwich spot. The California club was perfect for brunch
5	This place is so fun and the food is so good.
5	Killer drive-thru breakfast spot. Love the Breakfast Buzz, really kick-starts my morning with the heat of one thousand suns. 5 stars.
4	The only thing that isn't awesome about this place is the parking lot...when there are folks in the drive-thru, there usually no way to get around that line of cars to park, so you just wait.  Oh, and the interior seat cushions are a bit worn (being nitpicky now).The food is delish (or d'lish, I suppose?), healthy, and somewhat creative.  Definitely NOT your typical drive-thru fair.  I've tried a few different things (wraps, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches) and I always keep coming back to the California Club (no bacon please!) for breakfast and lunch.  It's impressive they are able to offer many organic and.or local ingredients for similar pricing to say, Subway.Depending on who is at the checkout, the service isn't always with a smile, but at least it's pretty quick.  And for a sandwich this good, I'm totally fine with that!
3	Wasn't too happy with this one. Followed the 4.5 star review on yelp and figured we would give it a shot. Coffee was okay, nothing spectacular. The food was not worth going back for. We had breakfast, the frittata and the breakfast croissant sandwich. The eggs were over cooked to the point they were rubbery tasting. The staff was nice but other then that, not a place I would visit again.
4	Totally chill is da werd. Extremely friendly and helpful behind the counter. Sociable friendly peeps.
3	Busy little place.Stopped in at around 10:30 AM and found a table near the window.  Be prepared for a noisy atmosphere.  They play music while you dine, but it has to compete with kitchen noise and patron conversations.I would recommend sitting outside.Decided to order the egg and cheese sandwich, with their chicken sausage and a Glorious Orange smoothie.Total price was almost $12.00.The price for their smoothies is pretty standard: $5.00 for a large.However, $6.00 for a sausage, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich is a little steep.  Not to mention the fact that I paid $1.50 for a few slices of sausage.  I'm not sure how they justify that cost.The sausage added a nice flavor to an otherwise bland egg and cheese sandwich.  I also recommend spicing it up with some of their hot sauce.  They chose to use "bialy" bread for their breakfast sandwiches, which is an excellent decision.  The bread is soft and spongy, with a texture similar to a bagel.All in all, the food wasn't too bad.  For me, the price is the main concern.  I don't want to fork out almost $7.00 for a simple breakfast sandwich.With so many breakfast joints to choose from, I can't say that I will be back anytime soon.Nice guys, though.  You should definitely visit at least once and say 'hello.'
4	Crazy busy on Saturday morning, avoid the drive thru and parking lot and opt for dining in.    Great, cheappp $5 hummus plate with pesto, aggghhhh so good!   Soup was decent and drinks are popular and well made.   I will be back if Im in the Scottsdale area again soon!
5	Food was great. The place is very small and anytime, they were turning the blender on, it was a lot of noise inside the restaurant making the atmosphere uncomfortable to sit and have a chat with friends. I figured next, I will only go through drive through.
3	I'm not as crazy about this place as everyone else seems to be. For one, it's cramped and crowded, not an enjoyable or relaxing brunch place. It's really built more to serve the drive-thru clientele. Secondly, the food is overpriced. We spent the same here that we would have spent at a fancy sit-down brunch, but for less quality food and a less enjoyable atmosphere.Thirdly, I did not like the food all that much, my breakfast sandwich was just OK and it was on store-bought bread, not freshly baked. It tasted like warmed up leftovers. And my husband did not like his coffee or his sandwich.The ONLY redeeming thing about this experience was the Breakfast Buzz smoothie! Lindsay J. (another yelper) was right, it is delicious! It tastes like chocolate milk, and you can definitely taste the espresso, bananas and peanut butter. I might come back for that smoothie, but otherwise I probably won't be back.
5	I totally loved this place, I have burnt out the fruit/cheese/nut salad for myself cuz I keep ordering it, but i just had to again.  The berries were amazing and sweet, the nuts were sooo yummy, creamy goat cheese, it was great.  The hubby had a tuna sandwich, and I stole as many bites as I could it was soooooooooo good!! The price was GREAT! The customer service was totally nice.  I can't wait to go back and try the cali breakfast club, the man salad, maybe a bowl.
4	This place is seriously delicious! I am addicted to their Pomegranate Green Tea and Kombucha. I went three days in a row last week, but have one complaint... They were out of large drinking cups all three days. They also have great sandwiches. Popular tiny little place. It's better to go through the Drive-Thru because of parking issues.
5	Get the breakfast buzz. Always.
4	Great food and EXCELLENT customer service. They often have long lines since they make your food to order, but they said they doubled their staff since spring training and have really improved on efficiency. You can also call in your order to pick up if you are really pressed for time. Parking is pretty terrible because they have such a small place that you have to wait for a clearance in the drive-thru line just to leave. However, they really try hard to get the drive-thru line orders in quickly and even send someone out to take your order before you get to the order window.
4	I had the burrito and a sugar free vanilla latte, coffee is bold, bitter bold at first but you get use to it. The burrito had a sauce that was more of a marinara, still good! We will be back!
4	Great concept!In fact, had thought about this for so long:Why isn't there a place WITH a drive-through that actually makes delicious, HEALTHY food?D'Lish is it. They pride themselves on not serving coke/pepsi products, which I do quite like. Best dirty chai of my life here. Legit. So rich, flavorful and the espresso was made perfectly. Not over steeped, not burned...not weak, just right! Well, of course their food is incredible too : ) Anything you pick will rock your socks off.Lemme say, while my dog didn't take the treat they offered (he's a brat lol) - the fact that they offered it was so nice. These folks care about what they're doing, and do it well.I can't wait to go back and have a meal on the delightful little patio.
5	The California club is BOMBBB!!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Friendly staff and food is stellar.  Second time in and had the nuts and berries salad with chicken.  To die for!
4	I had the "low carb" which consists of a slice of cheese, an egg, and a hash brown patty on top of a bed of greens and vinaigrette. Not sure of the nutritional content of such a mixture but I can tell you that it tastes damn good. Unfortunately it's just a really, really small building that is ALWAYS busy. Not to mention that they have an industrial mocha-mixing machine that will give you tinnitus in 5-10 minutes. The price is right, and all my friends say the smoothies are fantastic. If I want a late breakfast (because you'll be waiting any time before 11) that I can feel great about, D'lish is in the top 3 for sure.
5	Everything I have had here is great. Breakfast buzz and protein burgers are a weekly staple in my diet. Staff is friendly. It can get crowded and limited parking. Must try and you will keep coming back for more!
5	This place is reasonably priced and has great fresh food.  Everyone is really nice.  Great for breakfast for lunch.  Veggie friendly which is a plus!  I wish there was a place like this where I live.
5	Coffee is great, soy breakfast buzz is my favorite, tuna is awesome, veggie delite with turkey is awesome, hummus plate is awesome. all of the breakfast sandwiches and burrito are the best. basically everything I've had from D'Lish is really good. People are nice. I can't say enough about D'Lish
5	My mom and I were looking for a good place to eat yesterday and we thought we'd try this cute little spot that seemed to be full of people as we drove down Scottsdale Rd.And yes, when we arrived inside the cafe, it was booming with young, fitness going clientele. Nice. No limping people here. My mom ordered the low carb breakfast which she seemed to love that included an egg with cheese covered in a pesto sauce over a bed of greens. It also included a hash brown patty. I ordered the humanitarian wrap, which consisted of a tomato wrapper with an assortment of veggies including zucchini, yellow peppers, broccoli, tomato, quinoa and hummus. So good. Right up our alley. We loved the food there but I think what we loved most was the staff member who pulled a table for us because he saw that we were eating our food without one. The place was really small and there were tables outside but it was hot as shit so my mom decided she wanted to sit inside even if we didn't have a table. There was a large group of people next to us still chatting away after they had finished their food, so the staff member just kindly grabbed one of their tables for us, letting them know that we needed it to eat. That was awesome. Those people were totally oblivious to the two ladies sitting right next to them eating food on their laps, like that's something we would have chosen to do even if there were available tables.Anyway, lovely place. Wide variety of great healthy food. Young crowd mostly. Tiny location. Great service.Can't wait to return.
5	My husband and I needed a quick place to stop for lunch on our way out of Scottsdale. Stopped here based on Yelp reviews, and it was so wonderful. The food was fresh, delicious and prepared quickly. It also wasn't the kind of place we felt awkward having a baby with us. Very casual and friendly.We also got iced chai lattes for the drive home to Tucson, and they were great! I haven't been anywhere that offers almond milk as a dairy milk substitute, so that was a very pleasant surprise!
4	Hidden a bit, but worth the search.  Breakfast was very good, fast, and fresh.  We had the California Club and Breakfast Burrito (w/ chicken sausage) - 2 thumbs up for both.  We'll be back.
5	Great food !!!!
5	this place is amazing....I'd give it more stars if I could, everything they have is awesome and the people that work there are all great
5	D'Lish is that total local spot that you keep to yourself. You don't want it to blow because its too perfect the way it is. All of the food is amazing, the management is awesome and they have some of the best coffee around.
5	I really like their breakfast buzz shake. Chocolate, peanut butter, banana, coffee, protein, ice. So delicious! And can be a quick meal replacement. This shake is one of the few foods I dream about. If I'm in Scottsdale, I try to think of a reason to stop by.I also like the quinoa oatmeal. Very light tasting but filling. Quinoa gives you protein, chewiness, and a slightly nutty taste. Downsides: not too much seating. Parking lot is small. Drive through line can be long. None of these keep me away.
5	This place is busy no doubt, and parking challenging but worth it. The morning buzz is awesome and I have thought of driving 8 hours just to get one again..its that good!
4	Cutesy place with fresh ingredients.  We had the burritos and oatmeal which were very unique - a good thing.  Love the quaintness and outdoor seating.  Very difficult to park and the back has an interesting smell.  Avoid the bathrooms but go there for breakfast!
4	D'lish is great, we all know this. However, I think it's about time they got a bigger/more accessible location. They are always so packed which is obviously good but sometimes the drive thru line is just ridiculous, especially when people are sitting with half of their car still in the road. Also....good luck parking anywhere in that parking lot when there is a line in the drive thru. You are trapped. But that's enough negativity... Turkey Club, Breakfast Buzz, D 'Veggie Bowl, Tuna Sandwich, Veggie Burgers, Low Carb Breakfast, Green Tea, the list goes on. They also make a mean Dirty Chai. I wish they were open after 4pm....I can't tell you how many times I've craved it and looked at the clock...right at like 3:55pm. I also like how they come out to the drive thru and get orders rather than waiting for you to pull up to the window that does speed things up a bit.....and the fact that I typically know 90% of the people waiting in line at the drive thru. Nom Nom Nom
5	Thanks for being on happy cow app! Love finding new places for healthy eating :)
5	Favorite place!! everything is awesome! There green tea and breakfast buzz are the best.
5	Great food, drive through, iced coffee was delicious and the staff was super friendly. Loved this place and would come back if ever in the area.
4	Great little drive thru breakfast.  AZ burrito was excellent.
5	Love this place.  No seriously, LOVE!  California club breakfast sandwich = the best thing I've put in my mouth first thing in the morning in a long time.  The house style frittata is unbelievably amazing as well.  Package it all in a cute, small, quaint, local establishment with a drive thru as well and it's a score.
4	Healthy and consistent.  On the expensive side for a breakfast spot but it should be expensive based on the quality of the ingredients and emphasis on keeping it clean and good for that body.
5	Great sandwiches, lots of healthier options.  I love that they mark everything for those of us with special dietary needs, like dairy free options.  I have never been disappointed.  You can call ahead and pick up your take out order through the drive thru.
5	Brilliant business model. Fast, delicious seriously healthy food. Great for Gluten-free, or vegetarians, or vegans, or anything that ends in -Ans. Small place, order right up at front counter. A ton of crazy delicious items - bowls - smoothies - Parking can be slightly tricky, especially with the lady in the drive through burrito place next door yelling at me for going the wrong way through her empty drive-thru. Oops.
4	What a great find! Coffee is strong and tasty. Oatmeal is very good as are the breakfast sandwiches with very fresh and high quality ingredients. Efficient, prompt and very friendly service. We'll be back!
3	I guess I wasn't as blown away by D'Lish as everyone else.  Maybe I was expecting greatness from reading so many five star reviews on Yelp, but my experience was somewhat underwhelming.I had the low carb breakfast, husband had the AZ burrito.  Low carb breakfast had a very good flavor, but way too many oils.  Oily salad dressing, drizzled with an oil-heavy pesto, two eggs cooked in oil, and then an avocado for even more fats.  The flavor was very good, but I just felt like it was a pretty heavy dish for what it should have been.  My husband liked his burrito though!  We also split the breakfast buzz shake.  Our bill was $19.50, slightly over priced in my opinion. It is small inside, so seating might be an issue if you go during peak hours.  Also, their smoothies and shakes seem to be popular, so the blender is literally always raging... Makes conversation too difficult.There is absolutely no denying that parking here is a nightmare.  The parking lot is too small to begin with, and then the drive thru line always blocks people in their spot.
3	Trying to eat healthier, yet not starve, and "the Man Salad" was pretty good!
5	Another happy customer as I made it through the drive through at about 11:30am. Only four cars lined up, but friendly dude took my order while he was walking through the parking lot and also got my money and gave change before i arrived at window for quick food pick-up. The turkey club was my choice and it was a dandy - looked just like the 20 pictures i saw on Yelp. Perfectly toasted bread, sold turkey and fresh avocado and almost perfect bacon. I normally hate mustard and still do, but somehow lately several versions of honey mustard (this one included)  taste nothing like real mustard, so it was perfect on the sandwich. Can't go wrong with that choice and the rest of the menu beckons down the road.
5	Excellent food. California club can be eaten for breakfast or lunch!  Drive thru line can be long, but there is about 8 small tables inside.
5	Simply amazing! Menu is small but sooo good! I find myself going there on a more regular basis just to keep trying different things on the menu.
5	Went here twice while in Phoenix last week. Both times I was in a big rush and it was awesome to be able to get a healthy meal so fast! REALLY exceeded my expectations in terms of taste and quality.
5	Unbelievably great.
3	Wanted to try the famous Breakfast Buzz drink. I did not like the fact that it was already prepared ahead of time. That might have caused some stomach issues. I paid and one second later there it was. I don't care if your busy, make my drink fresh or don't make it it all. Plus at about 6 bucks, I think they are taking advantage of consumers cause of the popularity of the beverage.
4	This is one of my usual breakfast places but they lose the 5th star because twice they've forgotten about my pickup order and left it sitting on the counter while I wait for them to call it out. The food is great and the service is otherwise pretty good. My girlfriend loves the Breakfast Buzz smoothie and I like any of their sandwiches that involve turkey.A tip for diners, do not go through the drive-thru. You will get your food indoors so much faster. I can never understand why people wait in a line seven cars long instead of parking and walking inside directly to the counter. I definitely recommend this place!
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots. The staff is always friendly, there's never a long wait, and the food is awesome. I usually get the Cali club and a breakfast buzz. Definitely try these two items your first time in.
1	I dont know if you like PRE-COOKED EGGS from the night before, but I sure dont :(  Way overpriced and the guy I dealt with was very rude and condensending.  I will not be back.  Usually Yelp is right on...but not with this place.
5	This place is great, but it's kind of a joke that they even call it fast food. I mean, yeah, they have a drive-thru window, big ups, but the food comes out as fast as it would at any other "normal" restaurant, the only perk is that you don't have to get our of your car.Pretty much everything on the menu is great and tasty. I just like laughing at myself for doing it drive-thru.
5	Best place ever! I am very happy to know that there is a drive thru that is healthy and fresh. I just drove up with my dog in the back seat, and everyone wanted to give her a treat. Very kind and friendly people; I am seriously going to come here all the time!Eye candy tehehhehheheheee
3	Not bad, had the "humanitarian" and it was pretty good, not to heavy. Ordered the hummus plate as a Starter, came at the same time as the food which kind of defeats the purpose, but they seemed a little busy so I don't hold that against them. I would suggest take out because this place is super small, and me and my girlfriend both had to pee really bad but there was no restroom. All in all I would go back again if I'm on that side of town, but I was not blown away like everyone in yelp seems to be.
5	Let me tell you a secret- AZ Burro. This is the epitome of the PERFECT hungover breakfast spot in restaurant history. When I lived in Scottsdale this was literally my favorite spot ever to go for breakfast. My only complaint about here is that they don't serve alcohol, but let's be real nobody is perfect. "AZ Burro" needs to be in the vocabulary of every person that likes to party in Scottsdale. Why? 1. It's pretty much the healthiest breakfast you can get without actually making it yourself 2. It's perfectly filling after a long night out at smashboxx/hefe/etc that ended with a late night at pattie's 3. It doesn't make you full to the point where you can't hit up RnR after to go day party and get started with some bottomless bloodys mimosas 4. (and most importantly) D'lish is drive thru! Making it ridiculously catered to the hungover person. Don't want to see everyone you blacked out in front of last night or run into last night's hookup? No problem. Just make sure that you are sober enough to drive (aka no alc for you Arizona peeps) and drive on through that drive thru people! I know, I know- it just sounds too good to be true but I promise I'm not making it up, this place really does exist. Also the Breakfast Buzz is really filling but I would honestly recommend it as a meal in itself or like a snack or something because I don't know if you would be able to handle it with a meal unless you're really trying to get down then in that case go big or go home. And at the end of the drive thru if you find that all this is just wayyy too healthy or you're over it, then Super Burrito is conveniently located next door. Don't worry, they have a drive thru too so you can still avoid seeing anyone :)
4	This is the perfect lunch fix. The strawberry salad is light and filling at the same time. The menu is local and it has a different small town feel than the other packed restaurant chains around.
5	Healthy food (and I mean true, healthy food) on the go, this is your place.I have been to D'lish numerous times and have tried many things and I haven't been let down.The club sandwich is PACKED and so so good. My usual go to is the chicken breast panini. Also packed with ingredients, my only gripe with this is it usually has a little bit too much pesto but it is still very good. The latest thing I tried was the Humanitarian with chicken. This was so good, it is now my go to meal. The hummus was full of flavor and the sun dried tomato tortilla was excellent.I've also had their toddy and iced dirty chai and both were good, also. The wait for food can sometimes take a little while but hey, this place is packed and you can't blame them if it's busy!
5	I have a hard time finding anything wrong with this place. Dog Friendly? Yes.Customer Friendly? Absolutely.Delicious food? You bet your ass. A little on the pricey side for a drive through(nothing too terrible, but probably around $8 without a drink is a good marker), and the hours could be better.Chicken Pesto Panini is delicious. Comes on white( or wheat if you ask) with mushrooms and tomatoes. This is my go to dish at d'lish. It's like sex. Sometimes they screw something up, but no worries, it's all good. You are still eating a delicious sandwich.(having sex.)Also try the humanitarian wrap. Its good. Not a fan of the "burgers", but the cali club is a delicious breakfast treat, and so is the recently stumbled upon frittata( chicken sausage n stuff frittata on a hashbrown, on  a piece of wheat toast with chipotle sauce drizzled on top.)
5	Absolutely love this place! I've lost count of how many dozens of times I've eaten here in the last few years. My go-tos are the nuts & berries salad, the humanitarian wrap, and the mushroom bisque. Love their egg sandwich on a bialy, too. And I really love that I can get breakfast anytime. Healthy and d'lish.
5	Food's fresh and delicious, I always feel good after eating here lol. Will come back again and again. I only wish that they were open later.
5	I was visiting from San Diego and really enjoyed this place! I ordered the turkey club and it was superb
5	I'm a very picky eater but everything here looked amazing. I ordered the California Club and it was great! Once I was done I wanted to immediately go back. Thank god for self control :)
3	This is a very unique place in my mind. Def hipster and casual dining. Great stop after a workout. It combines heathy eats with a "fast food" concept. I love that I can make healthy eating choices on the go by using their drive-thru! I will say that their drive through is typically slammed to the point where no one can pull in to wait in line or park to go inside. Parking is also very limited and poorly designated so much so that there have been many times I have parked to run in to get food and when I came back out I've had to wait 5-10minutes just to get out of the parking lot. Obviously, the food here is AMAZING and well priced otherwise I would never waste my time going here but I had to give it only 3 stars because it can be VERY time consuming depending on when you choose to go. They have very limited seating both inside and outside. They are known for their "Breakfast Buzz" which is a protein shake and happens to be what I order every time I visit. They also offer a "Vegan" option when making this shake that is also D'lish! They have a good selections of healthy food options, the service is quick once you have placed your order and the staff is SUPER friendly and deserve an A+!  If you are looking for a healthy menu and you are NOT in a rush then this is the place for you!
5	Loved this place! Cool little place with very cool vibe and food. Wish they had one on the north west side of town. Will be back as I pass this way from time to time. Oh, and the iced tea was amazing as well.
4	I've only been here once, as I just moved to Scottsdale, but the low carb breakfast was delicious. I'll definitely be back to try more. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I haven't tried most of their food. Definitely casual.
4	As the name implies... EVERYTHING here is D'lish!!! From the breakfast sammies to the Man Salad to the Breakfast Buzz, I have never been disappointed with the food!!! I do suggest going to the drive-thru, as it can get very loud inside. Plus, the restroom facilities aren't the most accommodating. But the staff is always laid back, friendly and efficient. I do love the Tempe location but it is a little to far from my 'hood but if you are in that area, I definitely suggest making breakfast or lunch there a regular thing... as I do at the Scottsdale location!
5	My wife and I have been into D'lish many times after one of my coworkers discovered it.  This was our Sunday breakfast spot for awhile and is my favorite spot to pick up a veggie burger in town.  Their food is both tasty and healthy and best of all it's not at all typical.While I'm not a coffee drinker this place does offer all the usual fancy coffee drinks.  I have indulged in the smoothies and they are very tasty.  The service has always been very good, even when going through the drive-thru for pickup orders.  D'Lish is a super cool, hip little spot with the best veggie burger around!!!
2	Hipster Mecca. I don't get it. I worked next to D'Lish for a while. Went a couple times. Very expensive for a sandwich that is really nothing special with no side or drink. I'd rather spend my money down the street at DeFalco's any day.
5	My dad and I searched up and down for a good breakfast place and stumbled upon this gem. It was EXACTLY what we were looking for. Cool vibe, friendly staff, vegan options, free wifi, good food... Just excellent!
4	The boyfriend and I like to stop here when we're in town, especially when we're in a hurry for a good (and healthy) bite to eat. Well, I suppose it's not exactly a "quick" fix if you go during peak lunch hours, but what place is during those times anyway.Service is great. They're always super friendly and welcoming, whether in the drive-through or if you go inside.Food is amazing, as most of the other reviews have stated. I'm a tuna sandwich sucker, and this place makes me feel so much better about eating one. It's a "healtified" version, and it's actually even better than the original that's drenched in mayo. Burgers are yum, and I always love the teas they have. Prickly Pear seems to be a favorite of mine.Parking lot sucks though. It's highly inconvenient, so be patient and careful while driving through or parking.
4	D'lish.. it is absolutely Delish!  The food is fresh and tasty!  The location is in a good spot, right before you hit the main part of Scottsdale.  It has a DRIVE THRU!!  Brilliant idea!  The seating inside is tiny, which makes it difficult to sit down and have lunch with a friend.  There are no heaters outside, so if it's a cold Arizona day and there are no spots inside, you're out of luck.  The morning buzz with almond milk was absolutely delicious!  My friend had the California club and it was warm, fresh and absolutely delicious!  I will definitely come here again for breakfast or lunch and use the drive thru!
3	A ok.  This is a very nice deli and quick stop for a healthy munchie.  My favorite for lunch is the cold tuna salad (NOT canned tuna) on toast.  My breakfast fave changes, but with so many good options (burritos, sandwhiches, etc) I'm never disappointed.  Probably not the option for someone looking for pork, butter, grease-laden hangover breakfast.  But this place has cured an ill or two of mine...
3	Friendly staff but sandwiches are kind of small. I ordered the breakfast club. It looked and tasted like I'd expect any bacon, turkey, tomato, etc sandwich to taste.  Nothing special to write home about. Is it sacrilegious or anti-foodie to say I might actually prefer McD's breakfast sandwiches?
5	I've been looking for a healthy, fast restaurant and definitely found one. I ordered the chicken breast panini; it was delicious and the perfect size! The drive thru was pretty quick (about 5-7 min) but I was unsure if I needed to tip since the restaurant is not really "fast food" - I still left $1 tip for a $7 sandwich just in case. I'm looking forward to trying other menu items asap!
5	This place has wonderful, interesting food and a cute, small indie shop vibe with an outdoor patio - love it!!Their protein burger, house style, is probably my favorite veggie burger in the valley. They call it hearty and healthy, and it is, but the taste is the best part: house style has portobello, feta, pesto, cucumber sauce and tomatoes - wow!! Delicious breakfast, too, and they have a bustling drive-through window. Come early: they close at 4pm. And watch out: they have no public restrooms.
4	Always D'lish just like the name describes. I have only had a select few items on the menu but everyone of them is in my tops list, and I'm a huge fan of the breakfast buzz! Another great aspect of D'lish is their customer service, sure a little unusual and kinda give off that Cali surfer vibe but they're always working super hard. The last time I went the dude at the window saw the line backed up ran all the way outside a couple times making sure the line wasn't taking forever because this place gets packed during breakfast and lunch. The fact that they work that hard to keep the line moving is awesome.
3	Shit, I am so bummed I didn't have the same experience as the others did here. Maybe I just showed up on an off day. My gf and I tried this place out and I was really shocked at the letdown. I ordered a bfast sandwich and it arrived cold and really didn't have much flavor. I didn't try anything other than that so maybe there are better choices that I missed. Hopefully we will be back in the area and can give it another try. Yelp has never let me down so it deserves a second chance. I will write another review after my next experience.
4	Quality, strong coffees. Hot day?, try an iced toddy!
4	For anyone who wants a quick and healthy meal to go, d'lish is the place to go. The california club is one of my favorites along with many more items on the menu. The service is always positive and quick. WIth its small interior, it makes for quick and easy service. The most popular item on the menu is the Breakfast Buzz which is a shake with bananas, vitamin, coffee, peanut butter and milk. If you want something healthy and fast to eat, the buzz is the way to go.
5	Great food and nice staff will return for sure when I get to town again
5	Loved that I could get "breakfast" for lunch.  Great healthy food.  The staff was super friendly.  Got to sit outside ons sunny day.  And, it was not expensive and quick.  I will be back!
5	Love love love! Everything, down to the service. When I wasn't sure what to get, the person taking my order was helpful and concerned about what I was looking for in a meal. Great healthy options and yummy tea! :)
5	The breakfast club sandwich here was great and then to top it off their house shake with chocolate, peanut butter, and espresso was addictive!
4	Sometimes you need to feel good about your "fast" food...ie. the awesome protein burger w/pesto.  That made me revise my review and up a star...hadn't tried it before...what was I missing?!  This is a very nice deli and quick stop for a healthy munchie or tasty, cold ice tea on a warm Valley day.  Great outdoor space as well.  The vibe is casual hippie/hipster/health nut in a GOOD way.  My usual favorite for lunch is the cold tuna salad sandwich (NOT canned tuna) on wheat toast.  My breakfast fave changes, but with so many good options (burritos, sandwhiches, etc) I'm never disappointed.  Probably not the option for someone looking for pork, butter, grease-laden hangover breakfast.  But this place has cured an ill or two of mine...
5	Can't say enough gold things about D'lish. I've been dozens of times and have yet to have an unpleasant interaction with a single employee; the service is as quick as it can be (considering the relatively small place gets packed with customers) and everyone is friendly. The food is also amazing; a breakfast buzz a day keeps the doctor away! Errr something...
4	This place really delivers on their promise...Good food fast - but not "fast food!" I had the house style frittata and it was d'lish. The staff was friendly, the place was clean and the ambiance was irie! I lived in Scottsdale for a few years and wish this place was around when I lived here. Enjoy a good meal and know that your pocket, your body (and the earth - they recycle and buy local) will be glad you did!
5	We LOVE D'lish! The food is fantastic and the staff is awesome. We are trying to make our way through the entire menu but everything is so good we get stuck on one item for quite a while. We go several times a week and tell all our friends and clients to visit D'lish. A great gem that everyone should try. The burritos are insanely good!
5	Can't go wrong with anything on the menu! The Oatmeal our way is magical, toddy's (super charged coffee & espresso) are better than any Starbucks concoction, and the breakfast buzz will hands down change your life!! They say dynamite comes in small packages and this little place is no exception!
4	Breakfast buzz.  There is a reason every review mentions it.  It's that damn good.  Go there and buy a breakfast buzz.  NOW!  The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the parking.  Yes, I understand there are some things you cant control.  At this point I think you are making enough money and you have a big enough brand that you can upgrade A) your location or B) buy out super burrito so you can use their parking lot.  It was understandable 3 years ago when you were just getting started, but it is now at the point where you guys need to do something about it.
4	I have never had a bad experience here. I gave 4 stars because of the parking/bathroom/seating situation. Very minimal parking, bathroom is outside the business, and the seating inside is okay, but it's loud. The food and coffee drinks are d'lish though!
4	walked over today after the parada del sol for a bite to eat. we had the dog and they have a few patio chairs so we could enjoy our meal outside with the pooch. i ordered the humanitarian wrap...filled with quinoa, veggies, and hummus in a sun-dried tomato tortilla. it was ok, but kind of like something i could just make at home. i had to drip siracha on it for every bite to get any real flavor. i only tasted hummus at the very last bite, down near the bottom of the wrap. their other options look good, with plenty of choices for vegans, veggies, gluten free'ers, and meat eaters. what knocked the place down a star was that...we saw one of the cooks come outside with her food prep gloves on, buy a box of cookies from a troop of girl scouts standing on the sidewalk, and then walk back inside. i HOPE she took those gloves off and put new ones on. i really, really, really don't want to see the person preparing my food handling items other than my food with those gloves...
5	Healthy fast food! Amazing :)
5	I love this place! Everything Ive ordered has been amazing food! The Man Salad is probably a top fav! I wish it was open for dinner, LOL
5	Healthiest drive through option ever. They actually cook! I am at the Scottsdale location at least once a week. As a creature of habit, I generally only order the same thing....the seasonal turkey sandwich called "the gobbler" with this amazing cranberry goat cheese spread. Not sure what I will do when they change the menu. They have assorted iced teas as well: green, black, and cactus pear or cactus blossom. These are excellent when mixed with black tea. The last time I went thru, I noticed they had a "doggie bag" option, which is chicken and wild rice. That's an awesome option for anyone who takes their pet anywhere.Additionally, this place is small.... But if the drive through is backed up, the guy that works the first window will come out with spare menus and take your order on the spot. I don't think I have ever waited more than 5 min for food.
4	The food is good. The burritos are small but tasty.
5	super fast, super friendly, super healthy. My favorite drink is the "buzzkill." It's not on the menu but it's a breakfast buzz without the espresso. I love that they have a drive thru!
5	This breakfast/brunch and coffee house is a diamond in the rough. I had the low carb breakfast. A hash brown pattie on a bed of fresh greens w a well seasoned vinaigrette  on top of that were slices of avocado and two overhard eggs and topped with pesto.  My friend had the quinoa oatmeal with fresh fruit and loved it. The only drawback is parking if the drive through is full you wait. At least someone will occasionally come out to get your order so it hopefully moves faster. If you do want to park it may be better to go in the out side.
5	Whatever you do get a breakfast buzz! All their stuff is awesome and healthy. Makes you feel good eating it all. I really like their veggie delite wrap with chicken in a sun dried tomato tortilla. Their quinoa is good too, but milky. I don't mind it, but if you aren't a big milk fan, don't order that. All their salads are great and if you love a croissant, get the croissant sandy. Yum! Oh and GET THE BREAKFAST BUZZ! ;)
4	Great food, not great coffee. Chad the owner has crafter an excellent menu that is healthy and tasty. All of the salads are killer, but I can't get away from the breakfast sandwiches. I love the California Club. It's perfect. The drive through is fast and awesome. But if you are looking to have a lunch business meeting, don't do it there. The seating is very limited and the blenders are super loud. So it's hard to hear and pretty distracting. Other than that, D'lish is awesome, and I'd definitely recommend it.
5	There's simply nothing else out there like this place. Healthy fast food that tastes amazing and has friendly service to go along with it. If you try to eat clean and live a healthy life, you've found your food mecca here.
2	I would really, really, really like to give this place a glowing review HOWEVER I have never in my life, in all the cities I've been to, eaten at a domestic restaurant that did not have a restroom for customers.   WTF!!!??!!!   Even in third world countries, you can slip someone $5 to use the restroom!   They'll even throw in some sheets of toilet paper...I wish I had some of the juvenile attributes, I despise, in some of my more interesting friends.   I'd love to pull my pants down and pee on their patio.
5	I go there about three times a month and every time it's a great experience... I typically get the az burro which is delicious, and really tasty enchilada style... The staff is where it's at though...always always extremely friendly. Love this place
5	By far my favorite place in Scottsdale. California club and morning buzz are amazing . Plus this dude that does the drive thru is great and makes me laugh.
5	First let me start by saying the parking here is a nightmare. HOWEVER you can just go through the drive thru and continue on with your day without missing a beat. I love having healthy food options available in a drive thru!!! Seriously- I can get a protein shake, rice bowl, hummus, or great salads all within minutes! Lately I've just been getting the breakfast buzz smoothie which is very filling. The prices are very comparable with other fast food options as well.
5	Just ate here for the first time today. Breakfast burrito is so, so good! Great place!
5	Everything here is amazing.  The menu is healthy and extremely creative at the same time.  Faves right now are green lemonade smoothie and traditional breakfast burrito with chicken sausage and chipotle aioli.
5	This place is very unique and healthy! Their wraps are amazing and the blended "buzz" is very addicting. The only downside is the parking situation. I hate having to pull into this place because I feel like im either holding up traffic or about to get hit. A better idea - park at the Albertsons parking lot and WALK over. It'll be worth the few extra steps :)
5	5star breakfast! It is my second time coming to D'Lish and i just more in love with the food and service. The popularity of the restaurant is amazing! #healthy #organic #cantnevergowrong
5	You want healthy drive thru food that is not grease & packed with a 1,000 calories. Then this is the place! It is a diamond in the rough. I LOVE the Breakfast Buzz! Their wraps are awesome! Everything is great!!
5	The oatmeal was unique and very good. I also thought the Breakfast Buzz was great.  It is a cool experience that is well worth the trip.I get so tired of the same old food choices and this is just different.  I like different and am glad I stumbled across D'lish.
5	It really is delish! You can't go wrong with any option! Highly recommend! I love that breakfast is served all day. The line and the parking lot can be a bit frustrating at times, but that's just an indicator of a busy time and a great place to dine.
5	Yummy!  And great service.  Had lunch with my parents who had to sit and wait for us. But the staff took great care of them. And when we showed up they took great care of us too. We all has the California Club.  It's obvious why it's the most ordered item. It's terrific. They made mine gluten free by putting it in a bowl on top of a potato cake. D'Lish!!  That's your first tip. - if you're GF, try it that way.  Your second tip has two parts: it's a drive thru so drive through!  They're really fast and organized. You won't wait long. But if you feel like sitting down keep in mind there's not a lot of seating so don't hit them at the prime time. Go 15 minutes before or after noon, for example. But go. You won't be disappointed.
5	The food here is great. Love the burritos and lo-carb breakfast! The burritos have these awesome egg whites that are just perfectly cooked. The breakfast buzz is probably the best shake I've ever tasted. It's also huge, so it's a better value than most. I love the mix of chocolate, peanut butter, banana, and coffee.Any time I'm in Phoenix I make it a point to go here.
5	Love this place! Cali club is the best also the breakfast buzz! Customer service is always great! A little pricey but definitely worth the price
5	Amazingly delicious iced coffee and turkey club sandwich for a post-ride lunch.  We were in town for Collegiate National Triathlon Champs and looking for a tasty but healthy place to nosh after exploring AZ on our bikes.  The waitress even gave us all free refills on our iced coffee!  Everyone's food was delicious.
4	Food is good and comes fairly quick, but a little on the pricey side.   Popular place for take out and drive-thru. Eat-in dining area is too small and a little noisy.  Parking can be a nightmare.  Please stay in our neighborhood, but please expand.  Maybe buyout the place next door : )
4	I am a foodie from the San Francisco Bay Area, and I encourage D'Lish to open a cafe there. The food truly is fresh, flavorful, prepared and presented with care. The only thing that detracts is the extremely loud noise that overwhelms the eight table inside dining area, every time a smoothie is made. I worry for the hearing health of the employees who must tolerate this throughout the day. So 5 stars for delicious and healthy  food, and 5 Bells for uncharacteristically rude noise.
4	Ate here for lunch for the first time and had a turkey club. It was d-lish. Will have to order that one again next time. :)
3	It was ok ... Parking is horrible .. Service was ... Breakfast ok ... Not sure about coming back
4	Wow had their California breakfast sandwich..so yummy. Went thru the drive thru and they had friendly service. :)
5	cali club and a buzz = pure bliss any time of day. just wish they were open 24hrs!
4	Still great Wish I didn't have to bring it down to 4 stars. The wait can jut be a little long. Definitely can't stop in if I am in a hurry. Now, they do their best to get all the cars through, but it's just a little crazy. Worth the wait tho!!
4	It doesn't get five stars because the parking and drive thru situation is atrocious. The food however is d'lish (see what I did there). I usually get the breakfast sandwich and a nice tea. For lunch the southwest chicken bowl is SO good. The employees are always  smiling and on point despite how busy it gets!
4	I got the croissant sandwich and the buzz (a chocolate/coffee/protein smoothie). Didn't take super long after ordering and tasted great...pesto is a nice touch. Parking was atrocious, you have to get creative. Many people seemed to be ordering the burritos (and they also look great), definitely trying them next time.
5	The California club and breakfast buzz are amazing! I wish they would have another location more north, although the drive and wait are worth it for this place!!Has a drive-thru if you're grabbing something on the way to work!
5	This place is GREAT! I have to resist coming here every time I am in the area, it is that good!The California Club Breakfast sandwich is my GO-TO.  The artisan bread on it is so so good!I quickly saw a trend of EVERYONE ordering the morning buzz, so I had to check it out.  Definitely glad that i did! Great drink to get you going in the morning! The wait can be long, but worth it.
4	They now have a baby buzz (16 oz) and a thug buzz (24 oz) It's great they have more options!   The oatmeal our way with almond milk is a perfect nourishing breakfast.You can get their breakfast burrito enchilada style. It's a large burrito so you could definitely split between two.The California Club is always fresh and a must try if you like avocado.
5	Insane!!!! Please open a location in Cali!! We were in town for the weekend and went here two times! Amazing food super nice staff they help you a lot!! Keep jammin this place rocks!!
5	I just picked up lunch for my coworkers and they cant stop raving about how good the food was!  Everyone is already talking about going back.  I had the "man" salad and it was amazing.  Packed with good protein and gluten free, not to mention so fresh and tasty!  I'll have plenty of energy for a good workout after work and no stomachache from lactose or gluten.  Plus, the employees were friendly and upbeat in spite of the lunch rush.  Yes, the drive thru line was a little long, but completely worth it.  Great job, D'lish!  I'm so happy to find a fast, healthy local restaurant.
5	Dlish always does it right. From the wraps to the salads you can not go wrong with anything on this menu!! Plus the drive through is clutch when you want a quick dinner but are not feeling Mcdonalds. We will be back soon!
4	This place is awesome - one of my favorite spots to stop for lunch if I'm in the area. It's a really cute, casual lunch spot. The California Club is my favorite (I'm an avocado nut), they also have a fantastic breakfast burrito. Everything I've had here is healthy, clean, and well prepared. It's nice that they have almond milk for lattes and they can definitely cater to people with food allergies or restrictions. The only downside is parking can be a total nightmare - there is a very small parking lot and if you go during peak lunch hours - really anytime between 11:30 and 1:30 - it can be impossible to get a spot, or even pull into the lot. They also have a drive through, but it can take quite a while. As long as you're not in a rush, it's worth the wait!
5	Such a great deli! I love this place and can't wait til I visit again to have their shake for breakfast! All my favorite things...chocolate, banana and peanut butter...YUM! And their breakfast sandwiches are DELISH! Such a fitting name. They even have a drive thru! Man, I wish they had one in CO
5	Cute little spot! They offer a drive thru and sit down, inside or outside. If one of these existed where I live, I would be there every morning. Try the California club, it's AMAZING!
5	Great food! Great friendly service! I love fresh healthy choices... This establishment would do well in the good parts of LA and I for one, would like a piece of the action!
4	Had lunch today at D'lish with my boyfriend. We ordered the tuna sandwich and the early bird burger (which is not a burger, but a patty made with quinoa) and went halfsies on them, which is easy to do because they come cut in half already. To drink I got the kombucha, which I believe is GTs Original, and my boyfriend got the lemonade. Overall, our experience was excellent. The tuna sandwich was fresh and well flavored. The early bird was also good, but for me it was a little bit too spicy (and I love spicy), though my boyfriend who loves-loves spicy thought it was excellent. The ingredients tasted fresh and the food was reasonably priced for the quality and portions. The service was excellent and the staff very helpful. Our food came out quickly and so we were able to enjoy a healthy, delicious lunch in less than 30 minutes.
1	Food and drinks here are a lil overrated. Staff is friendly enough, but the low rating is strictly for the guy who I think is the owner or manager. I kept trying to give this place a chance, but each time I would witness this guy be so rude to guests and then myself. First example, 2 girls sitting at the coffee bar talking about the night before, not being loud or obnoxious just being girls... This guy yells at them bc he hears them say a bad word and says "where do you guys think you are?! This isn't a bar! You need to leave if you're gonna keep talking like that." Next example... A group of us went in there for breakfast one Saturday morning and my friend Kevin was kicked out bc this guy heard him swear... My third and last visit there... My friend and I were waiting for our drinks (this place is tiny and not much standing room) I'm telling her about my other 2 visits here and point out the guy to her... Sure enough he yells at us and says "you girls need to get out of my way!" I'm like "there is no where else to stand" he rolled his eyes and just walked off in a hurry. I get that cursing is inappropriate, but both of these times people were talking amongst their friends, not being loud or obnoxious. And to be honest, in both cases I never even heard the cuss word used, all I heard was this dude scolding people. The only person that's loud and obnoxious there is him. Like, I just wanna get a cup of coffee, not be scolded for saying "dammit" or for trying to find standing room in this shoebox
5	This place rocks. I wish they opened earlier since I wake up really early. Good coffee and  good food. I think it's a requirement that you are good looking to work here.
5	Eating here now this place is great super health love it the man salad is the way to go they are not open late but a great lunch and breakfast place
5	So I've been to D'lish many of times before and I've been meaning to write a review for months but today....I just had to document my experience.D'lish always has a pretty big wait and rightfully so. I ordered a banana strawberry smoothie that was killer and a AZ burrito BUT...I got this bad boy enchilada style. Best decision I've made her by far.I've had the black bean burger, the bowls, the sandwiches but this burrito enchilada style is the best if I haven't made my point already! Service is always great and friendly and there isn't really much negativity I can bring to the table for this place.Maybe one thing is to stay open later! There's not really a place like this and I'd come here a lot more if they were open later too. Keep it up D'lish!
4	Went for the first time today and ordered the hummus plate and early bird burger. The hummus:Soooo yummy!!! The pita bread is sooo warm and soft!!! Together they are perfect :) I could just eat a whole plate of just hummus and pita. I wish I could of just ordered a plate of hummus and pita without the vegetables. (Maybe I can...will need to ask next time)Early Bird Burger:Was surprised it wasn't made out of meat, and instead some other super good stuff. It was really good, and the bun was very soft. I thought it was a little too spicy for me, and the burger fell apart easily, so I ended up eating it with a fork. For two people, this filled us up. I would go back again, and maybe this time I'll try the southwest bowl!
5	I love this place.  Been here just a few times, but everything has been great.  This morning I ordered the kombucha (always good) and the low-carb breakfast.  Looking at the ingredients of the breakfast (eggs, tomato, hash browns, mixed greens) I was a little nervous, but gave it a shot and was not disappointed.  The pesto "dressing" pulled it all together.  Well played D'lish, well played.
5	Two words: Breakfast. Buzz. That's all you need to know. Super friendly staff. Line may look long at times but it goes quickly.
4	This is one of my favorite Scottsdale stops for breakfast. The drive thru makes it super convenient and the food is always good. My personal favorites are the croissant sandwich and the az burro. Their coffees are also delish!
5	One word : Deeeeeelicious! I have tried every single place around here for lunch and I curse myself for not having tried the food here before. The place is small and does not ideally make the cut for a date but if you are seriously scourging for lip smacking food, D'lish will leave you content and smiling. I had the veggie d'lite wrap and for 6 bucks, it was gold! The drive-through can become a little busy during lunch time but the staff is prompt and gets the food out on time. I'll probably head there again soon for a bigger bite.
5	Food was very good and seemed relatively healthy. Inside was very small and loud but the staff was friendly. I got the southwest rice bowl and loved it. The price wasn't bad for what you get. They do a very good drive-thru so the parking lot is kind of busy.
5	This place is SO GOOD. The salads and sandwiches are fresh and everything seems fairly priced considering the quality of food. Though the drive thru is often packed and can be tight with the small parking lot around it, I love the concept of getting fresh quality food in a fast drive thru and it's totally worth the wait. I wish there were more D'lish restaurants in the valley, but not if becoming a chain would sacrifice their quality of food :)
4	Have been to D'lish a few times now and really enjoy everything I've gotten. Today I wasn't toooo hungry so I got the 1/2 AB &J w/banana slices. It was a perfect size 1/2 sandwich and the almond butter was so fresh as well as the jelly and nanners. I will certainly get this again soon. I also had the Beet side Salad. While it is small it was the perfect size to go with the 1/2 sandwich. I also got the Dream Tea. Again, a great choice.On my previous visit I had gotten the southwest rice bowl. The serving was HUGE but it was sooooo good I ate the entire thing! (I was wanting to save some for a snack later but couldn't stop eating it).They are super friendly and great service. They will also give you great suggestions on menu items or if it is your first time.Will be back again soon!
5	The breakfast buzz is amazing!! Espresso  peanut butter protein smoothie. Everyone ive shared this item with has become addicted.
3	Order taker: cup or bowl? Bowl. And I get a cup. California club on a croissant. Get regular bread. Seriously dude? Why even take the orders if you're not going to listen?
5	Breakfast Buzz is the best espresso drink I've ever had, not like a lot of the shakes with protein where you can taste the whey
1	Are you serious? !! First time here visiting from Cali and they don't have ketchup?? -___- disappointed
5	I have two words for you... breakfast buzz.Stay warned its an alternate for a meal.. but it is amazing. Add some soy or almond milk and an extra shot of espresso and its golden. Best part of the morning.
4	Hard enough to find organic restaurant, these guys have a drive-thru. It can get over-whelmed during breakfast time they need to expand.
4	Get the breakfast buzz shake!! Great for any chocolate lover. They also cook a fried egg perfect every time!
3	My wife and I were looking for a place to get breakfast on the way to Phoenix Airport. We consulted our trusty Yelp app and found D'lish. It got great reviews so we thought we'd give it a try. When we pulled up, there was a long line at the drive through. I figured this was a good sign. The parking lot is very small and cramped and took some maneuvering to get into a spot, especially with all the cars at the drive through. We wanted to sit and eat so we went inside. The inside is very small and maybe would fit a dozen people comfortably. Luckily, there were only a few others besides us. We were a little confused when we walked in as we received no greeting. Do we just sit? Is there table service? Or do we just walk up and order? After realizing there is no table service we looked at the menu, which was located above the counter. The menu was written very small and was difficult to read. The inside is very loud mostly because of the blenders and the loud music that was playing. It was very difficult to have a conversation there and I could barely hear the woman taking my order. The noise level was so high I can't imagine it's good for the people that work there. I placed my order at the counter and I received a number to place on our table. I ordered the traditional burrito and my wife ordered the frittata. While we were waiting we noticed some not-so-customer-friendly signs. There was a sign that stated no public restrooms. We looked for the restrooms and discovered that there aren't restrooms to use even if your a paying customer. Then there was the old, "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone." Really? Come on. As a paying customer that really doesn't make me feel welcome. Anyway, back to the food. The food came out promptly and hot. My burrito was in a wheat wrap with eggs, potatoes, bacon and cheese with a side if salsa. The burrito was good, but not seasoned. The salsa was from a jar. I know this because I can tell and it was confirmed when I saw the container of salsa in the kitchen. I would of liked some D'lish home made fresh salsa. My wife's frattata was a baked egg omelette with cheese, and vegetables, hashbrowns on a thick piece of white toast. Drizzled on top was a spicy sauce. They also offer smoothies and vita shakes. The food was good, but the atmosphere and service were poor. I think I know why a lot of people were in the drive through line getting food to go.
4	Great food & price. Organic and responsibly owned. Because I'm a fat girl at heart, my only gripe was the size of the food. Otherwise everything was perfect. I gave this place 4 stars  because of their parking situation. Totally inconvenient with their parking spots and at times lack thereof. TIP: frittata is amazing. Definitely must have. Coffee is great too. Try to bike there or don't bring a car. Even the drive thru is a nuisance with the traffic their parking lot creates.
5	I love their breakfast burritos!! I have tried a few different ones and they are all good. Worth the extra wait.
5	Obsessed with this place. Breakfast buzz is a perfect post workout meal and any of their wraps are guaranteed to cure a hang over.
5	There is a place in Arizona where the convenience of fast food meets the benefits of a fresh, quasi vegetarian menu in a salubrious confluence of amazing food and drinks. This place is D'Lish. Didn't see that coming, did you?While this place is great any day of the week, I usually like to include it in my weekend routine. What is that routine you ask, well I'll tell you. I wake up before sunrise and hike a mountain shaped like a camel. At the top, I fight a dragon who has swallowed a magical key that will unlock a room at the top of a tower that contains a riddling troll who will eat you if you cannot answer his three mind puzzles. After wrenching the key from the bowels of the flying beast, I realize I'm hungry, so I stop at D'Lish for an early morning meal, which delivers every time to satiate my heroic appetite.The AZ Burro, the Protein Burgers (House style and early bird) are my personal favorites, but I have yet to eat something there I didn't thoroughly enjoy. I even like the frittatas, which I previously thought to be punishment disguised as food.And then there're the drinks, which seem to have already been covered thoroughly by my fellow yelpers, so I'll just say this: I can see The "Dwayne Johnson" Rock drinking/eating a breakfast buzz. Or at least that's how I like to picture myself when I consume one.Having devoured my breakfast burrito and protein peanut butter coffee drink, I continue my weekend quest to the tower with the troll, fueled by the life-giving offerings of D'Lish Kitchen and Coffee House.
5	This place is absolutely wonderful. Both locations feature good service and fast, clean food. I recommend the Breakfast Buzz, Cali Club, and Traditional Burrito for first-timers. They will also take one-off requests such as for a BLT or something along those lines. Again, very friendly people that really take care of you.
4	I've eaten here for breakfast three times while visiting family. My favorite is the oatmeal - which is actually quinoa. It's not too sweet. has yummy fresh fruits and stemmed milk. Their bialy sandwiches and breakfast burritos are also very good. Fresh ingredients makes the difference. The portion sizes are generous too.
5	The most incredible thing on the menu is the AZ burro. Egg whites and feta are the best combination. The iced coffee was "d'lish" and the food was promptly brought to our table. If I lived in Scottsdale,  I'd be eating here all the time!
3	This restaurant reminds me of being in Portland for some odd reason. The restaurant is pretty small, but the good thing is they have a drive-thru.  Breakfast selections were straight to the point. I had their Low-Carb breakfast that I ordered with a side of chicken sausage. I have no idea why this place calls this breakfast "low-carb" because it comes with a hash brown. I think a piece of wheat toast would have lower carbs than a baked hash brown. I would probably rename this "Low-Carb" breakfast to "breakfast salad" because all it was just a salad with a hash brown and egg on top. It was served on a bed of greens with tomatoes on the side. The dish had balsamic vinaigrette on the bottom of the greens, and pesto sauce drizzled on the top.  I didn't like how my eggs were over hard.  In fairness, this dish had a nice presentation.   If I were to remake this dish, I would probably have the eggs poached, skip the hash brown, and add turkey bacon crumbles. The chicken sausage was nothing special. It was one sausage sliced up covered in cheese that became hard. They should probably grate the cheese over the sausage so it melts delicately on the sausage.   My brother-in-law had the breakfast "traditional burrito".  He was not to happy with it and thought it could use more cheese and flavor.  This is definitely a quasi healthy spot.
5	This is my default to-go for lunch. I have tried the AZ burrito , veggie burrito, frittata and a few other dishes. Never been disappointed with the taste and quantity. Definitely one of the healthier options out there. The service is excellent. I have dined in but generally use their drive thru to get my lunch. When there is a queue 1-2 staff come out and take your orders. Highly recommended for a quick, healthy and delicious breakfast/ lunch. They have protein shakes also - excellent!!
5	New to Scottsdale and wanted a quick breakfast on the weekend. So I stopped by d'lish .I got the California club which was amazing. It has turkey, bacon, cheese, egg and avocado. It's an awesome breakfast sandwich .Everyone was nice and my sandwich wasn't to long of a wait . They also have a drive thru which is awesome for a nicer breakfast place than mcdonalds .I will definitely be returning .
5	First time to D'lish and I must say I am impressed.  The drive-thru may have a line, but they do their best to get people through as fast as possible.  I had the Veggie Burrito.  It's probably the best I have ever had...delicious Portabella mushrooms and perfect egg whites and potatoes.  The salsa is great, the people are friendly....I will definitely eat there again (and again).
5	Spoiler:  Go! But not the through the drive through. What a great find after last night's culinary fiasco. Food is fresh, fast and delicious. Even their salsa was great tasting! Coffee was smooth and delicious as well. The crew was super busy, but all very friendly and helpful. We sat outside and ate and were surprised that we didn't witness any car accidents. The drive through traffic is insanely busy and until you can get in the lot your car will be hanging out straddling the bike and right lane. The staff seems to do a super job of taking orders and delivering orders car side however.
3	First and foremost the food here is great. Love everything about it. The problem appears to be the workers. About a week ago I stopped in to get a coffee after dropping my wife at work. I was told it would be $1 and some change. I signed my receipt that said $1 and change and went home. Later in the day i'm paying bills and see the charge from D'lish as $6.56 on my bank history. All i got was a coffee. So the cashier at the drive through clearly screwed up. Everyone makes mistakes so I'm not to bothered by this. However, A week later i go back for some burritos and breakfast buzz. Everything seems hunky dory. Fast forward to the next day and I'm at work when i receive a call from someone who says they were in line behind me the day before at D'lish and they have my debit card. I look in my wallet and lo and behold I was given someone elses debit card when at delish the previous day.Now i can forgive an overcharge. It's easy to fat finger a cash register but to give away my debit card to someone else is completely unacceptable. Part of the blame could certainly be on me for not checking but if you're operating a business I'm trusting you do things right. The fact that you messed up twice within 2 weeks is almost unforgivable. Still not sure i'll ever go back. If I do I'll definitely be bringing cash
5	This place was busy on a Monday morning. The dine-in experience was clean and prompt. Only complaint is the noise of the coffee grinders made conversation hard. The food and drink was very good. Fresh and hip. Good options for alternative diets. I have both a vegan and a paleo eater in the family who would be happy with the options. Drive thru looked very slow, but inside was great!
5	I really like their sandwiches (my favorite is the california club).Can be quite busy in the morning and the drive-thru gets really crowded (we can't even access to the parking behind sometimes), but i guess that's a good sign, right?Other than that, I would definitely recommend for those who like a healthy sandwich in the morning.
5	Baby breakfast buzz. That's pretty much my usual order at this point. You will recognize it is a lot of regulars at this point that know the menu and will wait in the line. It is worth it because the food is healthier and catered towards people on the go that don't want fast food..and the menu is also very vegetarian/vegan friendly. I enjoy Dlish and mostly everybody in Scottsdale knows about this place by now and if you don't then you're missing out. Five stars for friendly service and tasty meals.
5	I've been here for breakfast and the oatmeal is yum. Today I'm doing lunch. Man salad, sure to be satisfied as usual.
5	YES. So good. I'm not sure if they tell the employees to behave the way they do ( 1/2 stoner,  1/2 flirt) but it always entertains me and service is not sacrificed. Consistently amazzziiinngg food and that breakfast buzz is spot-on #worththe600caloriesPRO TIP: order the Baby Buzz. it is the same as a breakfast buzz but smaller/cheaper.
5	Great place that takes quick service and gives it a nice healthy twist. It can be very difficult to find a healthy meal and quick service. This place has a great menu especially if you consider yourself somewhat health conscious. My only complaint is that I wish they had more locations!
5	The California Club is amazing!!!! Staff is always upbeat and super friendly, this is a great place to eat healthy.
5	This is a very small location. Parking is a challenge. The drive thru is packed! The nuts n berries salad was perfect. It was very fresh and tasty. The goat cheese, walnuts, and berries were a perfect compliment to each other. The veggie delite wrap was very flavorful and filling. The inside is small and very noisy but they have a patio as well. Very healthy and quick spot for lunch
4	Hot off the plane in Arizona... we were on a mission to find me some good Vegan food!  We decided to hit up D'lish in Scottsdale! This tiny little hot spot, was right off a busy road so naturally we missed our turn the first time, but found that they had a little parking lot located just to the back of it.. This parking lot also served as their drive thru, which a member of the staff actually came out to your car to take your order?  This would become a nightmare later as we were trying to leave the parking lot, since there was a NYC STYLE TRAFFIC JAM behind the restaurant!  We couldn't get out! Oh well that's the only thing keeping this place from being a 5 star! The food was fantastic! I had the home maid black bean Veggie burger with a side salad!  It would be the first of many veggie burgers I would eat this week, and might have been the best! Really wonderful flavor, topped off with a little hot sauce, (when in Rome)!  We loved the out door seating, and the staff was super nice, as one of them was clearing our table told us of a few spots we could hit up while we were in town!  And gave us directions to Old Town!  I really wanted to try to Peanut Butter Smoothie, it looked and smelled gonza good, but I had to leave some room in my tummy for Beer by the pool!  Next Time!  Great staff, cool little space, only problem was that disastrous parking situation!  Walk here if you can! Or park on a side street!
4	I have been going to d'lish for years now and I am obsessed with their breakfast BUZZ!!! It's delicious and so is their breakfast sandwich, the California club! The only thing that I don't like is how small the restaurant is and the lines for the drive threw are extremely long. But their food is delicious so it's worth the wait, and that is probably why the line is so long.
5	You might think that healthy fast food might be unappealing but do not let that hesitation keep you away from trying this place.  Knowing that it's healthy and tastes wonderful will now make me a regular customer.
4	Absolutely love D'lish. 5-star all the way except the process of actually getting the food. The drive-thru is often too backed up to get into the parking spaces tucked away behind the building. That said, the workers are great at making the most of the situation and are typically getting orders from everyone so the food can be made while they wait. The main reason I go here is for the breakfast buzz which is possibly the best drink ever. I have never been disappointed with the food either. I recommend checking this place out and I recommend to D'lish that they open a third location (preferably on Scottsdale and McDonald so I can just walk and avoid the drive-thru)
4	great taste. dishes are a little smaller than what I am used to.
3	I would normally give this place 4 or 5 stars. Their food is delicious!! But today's visit was very disappointing. We ordered our meal, and then 10 minutes later had noticed they had kids meals, and ordered 2 half sandwiches (almond butter and jelly) for the kids. 20 minutes later and the sandwiches still weren't out. And that also puts it at 30 minutes before our other food came out. We had seen other guests who had came after us, eat and leave, before we had received our food. All we received for this delay (We had an appointment to be at) was an apology. So 3 stars because of the customer service, or lack thereof.
5	Great Chai tea and California club soo good! Cute environment but the drive through can get busy so it's worth stopping inside.
5	Always always always great food and GREAT service!  Small space and almost always crowded (but hey, that's D'lish), they do a great job of serving you fast.  Managers make an effort to know you and take extra good care of regulars, service in general is always great... the kind of place whereupon, given a problem or delay with you order, you just really don't mind all that much.Biggest issue: stupid customers who seem unwilling to get out of their cars and mindlessly join the drive-thru lemmings even though they're blocking traffic on Scottsdale Rd.   No, there isn't a great deal of parking, but there's enough... and going inside is usually faster.Like everyone else... I'm partial to the Low-Cal Breakfast (holy-shmoly its yummy!), the Nut-and-Berries Salad (also yummy), hummus plate (just right), various sandwiches, and seem unable to avoid a Breakfast Buzz (ever).
5	This little gem of a drive thru has fantastic food and coffee. They're veggie breakfast burrito is excellent with portobello mushrooms and a red pepper tortilla, i plan on returning for lunch some time soon.
5	After our last visit being disappointing, the owner contacted me and offered to make things right. Another example of why I feel this place is so great! (Besides their delish food!!)
5	Found this place thanks to other Yelpers who said that it was a good spot to eat. It's a very small place, but the food quality was AMAZING! I got a chicken panini, my wife got a turkey club (which we shared with one another) and the kids got a chicken quesadilla. Had I known that I'd have been hitting up a non-franchize coffee house I'd have skipped the morning coffee and gotten it there. If their coffee is as good as their food, Wow! Customer service was great and everybody there had a big smile on their face. The only thing that could be a problem is parking if they're busy. Few spaces and the inside was small as well. Well worth it though!
5	This small perfectly nestled little place is right up my alley so I loved it before I even ate anything. I like that there is no machine I talk to yet they still have a drive-thru. I like that I actually have to wait for my food to cook and it's not pre wrapped sitting under a heat lamp waiting for me. I like the happy, carefree (in a good way) personality of the staff. I love the food! The mushroom soup is something I crave! The veggie burrito is always piping hot and their salsa that comes with it is perfect! Salads, love! Chicken breast panini, love! I just wish it were across the street from my place instead of my boyfriends. Fresh, trendy, and consistent! Consistency is key and they have nailed it! Thank you D'lish!! Cheers :)
5	The Breakfast Buzz is an excellent example of good milkshake engineering. First off, there's just one size. That means only one method of preparation. It's nice not to regret ordering a size too big or too small. The cup is transparent so you can gage your consumption and not find out you're running low when the straw starts making that horrible inconsistent slurping sound. You have a good view of what's in there, you're not left in the dark blindly, dredging the bottom trying to pick up any last remnants.The straw is big and strong enough to handle the shake and doesn't bend flat in your mouth under pressure like it would at Sonic or McD's. The Shake has the right consistency so you don't drink it too fast. On the other hand, it isn't so dense that your face goes turquoise and your eyes vacuum back into your head. There are no cumbersome doodads like choc chips, ice or cookie that could obstruct the entrance to the straw preventing the flow of shake. Lastly, the menu says it has vitamins,  proteins and fruits so you feel like you're making a healthy choice. As long as I BELIEVE it's good for me, I'll be ok right guys...?I can understand why D'lish is voted so high. California Club is a nice sandwich and service is pleasant, but the milkshake, oh yeah, the milkshake is really quite good.
4	So far, nothing but good experiences from this place. I haven't been able to delve into their whole menu quite yet but I will tell you that their shake like drink called the Breakfast Buzz is probably one of the best shake combo drinks I've ever had. The Breakfast Buzz has vitamins, protein, espresso, nonfat milk, peanut butter, banana, chocolate, and it's blended with ice.My roommate goes there about five times a week, so if that doesn't say something, I'm not sure what does. I've heard nothing but great things about the staff and food from this place. Just a warning, the drive-thru line can become incredibly long which shows how yummy and popular it is, however, it can be a bummer when you only want a Buzz. SOOOOO my roommate and I usually call and order it ahead of time so by the time we get there all we have to do is run in and pay, no waiting. It's about a five minute drive from my house which is wonderful, but the Breakfast Buzz is so good, I usually finished a large by the time I get home. It's a problem, I wish I could make it last longer but it's just so freakin' good. This place is a great option if you're looking for something healthy and delicious whilst out and about.
5	I have been to Dlish quite a few times but always waited in the drive thru which is this place's only downfall, my wife and I actually parked and ate out on the patio today. %100 better, the food was on point! Had the az burro enchilada style. Golf clap for the food, thumbs down for the size of the place. They lose a lot of buisness over people driving up and seeing the line out to scottsdale rd.
1	Disaster! I guess I don't get the allure of this place, and my biggest complaint...one that tops very average food will probably be scoffed at.That being said, here we go.Never, I repeat never, order the breakfast sandwich with no cheese. Apparently, that was the secret ingredient meant to hold the entire average sandwich together. Imagine my shock opening this puppy to have it explode all over my car when pulling out of their drive thru. Thousands of pieces of sandwich over the car...not my belly, where an $8 breakfast sandwich belongs.Cheese. It's what the Knights Templar smuggled to America to mend average sandwiches together.
4	Great concept with the drive thru healthy, alt food. Had the oatmeal - it was very tasty. Good coffee but went a little cream happy. Didn't try the shake but prob should have. Point deducted for no bathroom if you eat there, otherwise very solid little breakfast/lunch stopover.
4	Solid food. Friendly staff which is a plus. Most frequent visitors know that parking is a major struggle as well as the drive thru line. I live near by and often there is a line flowing out into Scottsdale Rd.
5	I LOVE this restaurant! The food is delicious, healthy and fast. Every person I have interacted with at this location is friendly and efficient. I am addicted!
3	This place rocks!!!First what I'm so impressed with is their menu and healthy options. I love the variety of choices you can get.I got their Breakfast club because its one of their most popular items. It was good not as great as the other reviews say. The reason why I say that is because I feel it has the making of a great sandwich but they layer it wrong. You have bread, pesto, cream cheese, tomato, smoked turkey and bacon. Because the only texture you get Is the bacon if they put that on top of the cream cheese it would enhance your chewing experience. Still tasty just mushy.Hubby-Breakfast burrito with sausage and bacon and he loved it!!!! He came back two days in a row for it.Next time I want to try the coffee and salads.Great place
5	OMG this place is off the chain.  EVERYTHING is so fresh it's insane.High-quality local ingredients and all super knowledgeable staff definitely make this place a must-visit if you're in this area.
