5	Amazing atmosphere, great food, two beautiful bars on two different floors. Great draft selection and friendly staff. Looking forward to this as our new late night spot since they are open  till 2am downtown!!!
1	Absolutely horrible! Wing night was a bust, they were flavorless and over fried,  dry as a bone. Several people actually walked out. The music was way too loud and the sports were missing from the "atmosphere".  The only good thing was the beer was cold.
2	Went in for dinner on recent business trip. Tried the "Taco night special", was informed it was a minimum of 4, so ordered although it didn't say that on menu. Tacos were small, very scant on filling, and pretty much flavorless.  Asked for hot sauce, Tabasco was only one available. Decided to try a cup of chili, as tacos weren't even close to filling. Chile tasted of green peppers and tabasco, no other flavors evident, near no meat either. Although door staff and waiter were very nice, I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
2	Stopped in for a beer after leaving a recent Pirates game early (it was cold!). Rather nondescript place, devoid of any personality--seems like they're going for an upscale sports bar vibe--but I think they just opened the week before, so I'll allow them some growing pains. Odd scene: they had sound on for Pirates game, then, as Bucs were two batters from closing out the game, they start blasting music? After Pirates game ends (as does the one song), they put sound back on for Pens game. Inexplicably, in last two minutes of that game, they again start blasting music? Weird.Anywho, after a couple beers, my buds and I headed out into the night. Don't think I'd come back on my next trip to the 'Burgh.
4	Redbeard's has long been a place which I frequent. Since moving to Pittsburgh in 2007 I've been coming here (not sure why so many out of town people think its new, its far from new). They have a pretty good selection of beer. I wouldn't say they are a craft beer emporium or anything like that, but at least they value brews other than Coors Light and Bud Light.Their menu has a pretty good variety of items on it. They do some more restaurant/dinner type entrees throughout the week as well. I would not say their wings are the best in da 'Burgh, but they are pretty good.They recently revamped their menu and increased their prices(having worked in the restaurant industry for many years I understand the need to do this), but it seems they took off some our favorite items. For that I have to give it 4 stars.They have a great outdoor seating area which is open almost year round. Others have complained about the loud music. I would agree. The music can be loud, but its  a bar folks!! If you want to watch the Pens, Steelers or Pirates play, you certainly can. Sit in the bar area and the volume is usually pretty loud.They have a nice dining room for a bar too. You can request to sit in the far back room if its a more quite atmosphere in which you seek.I recommend the chicken quesodilla or a burger. Just watch out, its build your own burger and they charge for each topping, but please, don't bark about the price. We all know you can make a burger at home for a buck or two(its one of the best money makers for a restaurant).
3	Go here to watch games if you are downtown.  So many TVs, great amount of bar space and two floors of tables.  The food is pretty good; it's bar food!Get the wings with the hot buffalo sauce, you will not be disappointed.
3	Went for lunch with my boyfriend, since we both work downtown and like to try different places on our lunch hour. The food was ok. I received a different flatbread than the one i ordered. The one I got was fine, and, good thing, because I didn't have time to wait for another to be cooked for me. When I told the waitress (which I HATE HATE HATE complaining about stuff like this anyway, this is what years of working in food service does to a person), but when I told her, she didn't apologize or anything, she just sort of stared at me. And I still got charged for the item. I thought courtesy would at least mean you get your incorrect item half of, at the very least. That's what a lot of other places do anyway. Just sort of a ho-hum place. Boyfriend ordered a turkey sammy on ciabata bread, and it was nearly all bread. He complained about it being very bland and the turkey not having any flavor. For $25 for two people, we could have eaten at Six Penn, Cafe Amante... both of which have better service and quality of food.
2	Eh. This place is definitely not a destination for me when I go downtown and we only stop in when ... actually, I have no clue why we stop in. Maybe because we don't do Olive or Twist anymore?Anyway, the beer selection is ok, the bartenders I had last time were awesome, and the decor is odd. It's so sparse, I feel like something's missing. Like, the walls need "something." It's hard to explain.I have not eaten here and don't really have a desire to so I'll leave food reviews for others. I guess if everywhere else is packed, try here?
3	Came here for a farewell celebration for a co-worker. Laid-back atmosphere and good service. Had the wings and they were really good.
1	The food takes forever to arrive and it's nothing special, just frozen bar food you can literally make at home. The staff seems unhappy and the red headed manager even more so. I watched him leisurely stroll through the dining room all evening with his phone while occasionally stopping to look at the television. I'm not sure how the redbeards in Mt. Washington is so successful because I've never been to that one, but this one is HORRIBLE. Waste of time and money. I'd much rather go to Olive or Twist, or anywhere, really.
5	Headed to "The Burg" for a Pirates game and city tour. Stayed at the Renaissance Downtown and Redbeards is just down the block. Place is a two story clean well run city vibe bar. The beer is cold, solid tavern food and plenty of TV sports....Standing out food wise are the pierogies & the burgers. The "cheese logs" are just that, logs, be prepared to share...But the true stand out was the staff, friendly, professional and fun....The owner did a fine job hiring his staff...Did hit the Shiloh St place much more a tavern feel.... The Jersey Boys will be back...!
3	The. Downtown location has a great bar and atmosphere.   The food was good a very filling grilled chicken sandwhich and some awesome sweet potato fries.  The bartender was very personable. Never lacked in service and offered to put a game on which was hard to see at the end if the bar.   He's a keeper!   I would have stayed and drank for quite a while if it wasn't for having to listen to a waitress stand at the end of the bar, cuss like a sailor, and complain about her job the entire time!  Made me feel like I was having dinner on the Jerry springer show set.
5	I love this place!! Great food, great selection of brews, and the most awesome staff. I can't wait to come back to Pittsburg so I can hang out here again!! Thank you Becky for being a great bartender!!
5	Excellent service great , bartenders great place to eat
3	Little place. Love the atmosphere it's a cozy sports bar. Went for late lunch not to busy but was starting to fill up when people were getting off work. Food was good. I had turkey bacon wrap and sweet potato waffle fries. The waffle fries are amaze! Full bar and had a decent drink special. Will def be back. Although looked like too many wait staff some were just standing around talking. Out waitress was kinda rough not amazing service but overall good place.
1	Redbeard's is your typical sports bar and restaurant. What sets it apart from the rest is unfortunately the poor quality food and low standard of hygiene.All of the food comes frozen--nothing is made on site, which is sadly not atypical for restaurants, but often the food appears limp and sad, and the taste is compromised by the lack of care. Rather than have two separate floors, why not focus on a smaller restaurant where you can manage to actually prepare and make the food on site? The set-up as it stands is comparable to a fast food environment. The hygiene is another story altogether. I found a piece of a napkin in my nachos, which was disgusting. The server was immensely apologetic and embarrassed. That is not their fault, but overall I've noticed spills on the stairs and floors that should be cleaned, and are left completely neglected despite a huge staff and several managers on duty, who idle and look concerned/overwhelmed despite the casual atmosphere. Some smiles would be appreciated! This is a sports bar after all. :-)Overall, this place seems to have missed the boat on contemporary food trends and culture. The menu is really unimaginative. I'm all for comfort food, but some devotion to technique in the preparation and presentation would go a long way in making this dining experience worth the price. As it stands, you're paying restaurant premiums for food you could get in the frozen foods aisle at Giant Eagle.P.S. go for beer rather than cocktails. A bloody mary will run you $13, which is more than at the wonderful Olive or Twist right next door. Most of the restaurants near Redbeard's are far superior in quality and more reasonably priced too. Keep walking!
2	Food was cold at all stages of the meal. Dip Trio and pretzel dogs (recommended by the server) were obviously microwaved, and not microwaved well. Stuffed peppers were out of a can, undercooked, and cold in the center.Nice selection of draft beers. Server (very cheery!) told us to order appetizers before the end of the hockey game for a couple dollars off each, so we did!I gave the server a credit card at the end of the meal. She brought me the receipt to sign, but not an itemized...so I asked her for one.Sure enough, the appetizers weren't discounted. If she had brought me an itemized receipt and we'd noticed the mistake, I would have forgiven it, but the fact that she didn't AND there was the pricing difference made me feel like we were just getting ripped off, which is inexcusable.
4	I went into this local pub close to the hotel I was staying and it is a pretty good Sports Bar. They have some good beers on tap and had a fairly decent menu. I thought the atmosphere was good and upbeat. The service was very good and it seems like a pretty good local hangout. The prices are resonable and that is why I have been back since my first visit.I bet on gameday this place is crazy since it is just across the river from PNC Park
1	HORRID SERVICEI stopped in to catch March Madness on the three big screens.  It's very near my home, so for sports, its perfect.  I'd asked the server what kind of cognacs they offer, and she didn't know right off hand.  That's no problem, but she left to find out and didn't come back for 10 minutes.  When she did, she actually made two martinis in front of me before answering my question or taking my order.  I just had a house char and left.  I normally would've just left but the game was very close.  And after all of this, the server actually had the criminal audacity to add a tip to the bill. (I left cash).  So for being ignored, overlooked, disappointed, then robbed, this is the perfect spot!
5	Awesome environment! It's a sports bar completely done right.. the bar is on point!! Every tv has a different channel so you're guaranteed to catch whatever game you wanna see! Service is promt and friendly! You won't wait! The food is bar food but it's delicious bar food and the wings... The giddy up sauce hits the spot! I highly recommend! And they're open til 2am... Winning! Everyone needs to experience!!
3	Redbeard's was definitely a great place to watch some March Madness basketball on big screen TVs and have good food at the same time. I had the tee time burger, which had a beef patty excellently paired with a fried egg. The waffle sweet potato fries were pretty tasty, and the server also was very attentive towards me. Overall, the experience was good, but there wasn't a uniquely different vibe that set this sports bar apart from many other good sports bars.
4	Always a good time here.  Great food, lots of big tvs and of course delicious adult beverages.
5	My husband and I came here this past Saturday night after a show at the Byham due to the kitchen closing at 11pm at our hotel. It wasn't crowded and even better the kitchen was open. The drinks were great. Even the iced tea my husband got was fresh brewed and not sitting around all night. I got the pierogi plate. They were just perfect. The serving size was great for a late night bite. Each pierogi had its own butter-sauteed red onion ring on it. The sour cream being in the middle helped keep it cold and not melting like some places. My husband had the Greek salad. The feta vinaigarette dressing was so good he was dipping his pita pieces into it and eating them that way. The salad was fresh and he cleaned his plate. We got the Noble Cheesecake for dessert. The texture was very smooth and silky. It was a chocolate caramel swirl topped with whipped cream and a chocolate drizzle. I would definitely take friends here for a late night bite or dinner and drinks during the game.
3	My fiance & I went here on 5-30-14 to have drinks with his boss who was leaving to move back to Chicago as a brief see ya later meeting as she'll be in town about 1 week per month from here on out. Everything was great. We didn't really eat anything aside from an order of loaded fries which were fabulous as usual. I ordered a Moscow mule drink which comes in a copper mug. Now I know this drink has become very popular lately & because of the copper mugs establishments have to have additional precautions to protect their investment. *Copper mugs are stolen A LOT as they're adorable & very expensive,  like $25/mug to buy typically*  So I'm very understanding of this.  Our server comes over,  asks if she can have my card on file just in case because of the copper mug my drink comes in. Server said it's only a precaution & it won't be charged less I walk out with the mug.  So without a worry I hand her my card & all was fine.  We spent a lot. For all of our drinks & fries for the 2+ hours we were there for we spent a pretty penny but we split it between the 2 couples so no biggie.... right?!Next day,  looked at my online banking only to see I had a mysterious charge from here for $23.57??? Called & asked,  manager was very nice & said they put a hold of that amount for that drink because of the mug it comes in. IF it was stolen then the charge would've shown as $24 even. Manger said the charge/hold will come of no later than Tuesday 6-3-14 & if not to call & they'd fix it. So far it's still there on my account but I'm hoping by tomorrow at the latest it's off. My only real compliant is,  if this is the restaurants' policy then that's perfectly fine,  however; it'd be great to ensure that all staff who serve customers knew this information so they can be up front & informative about it. If I'd known this before hand,  I may have considered a different beverage.Stay tuned as I'll update this if there's a further issue.
2	I never write a review until I leave but this place has me a bit upset. When I walk in the guy say you should sit at the bar but oh you can sit anywhere but the bar is best. Ok I take it I need to sit at the bar. So I order food. Just 10 wings. They bring me only 9. Yep I'm at bit pissed off. I pay for 10 I'd like to have 10. If I ever return to Pittsburg I don't think I'd come back. Service is like 90 percent of the dining experience. When I told my bartender she just blew it off. I guess because they are by the baseball field they can do whatever! I'm so not happy! I also order tequilla Dobel $15 when I have gotten it for $4. Stick to beer. $3.75-7.00For those who care or dare to try-maybe you'll have a better experience than me-the wings are good, all 9 if them.
1	Poor service!  I personally would recommend going anywhere but here. My group ended up leaving before we even ordered.
5	After tromping the grounds of Downtown Pittsburgh (including Market Square, Point State Park featuring Fort Pitt, and a search for the Riverboat Tour) on a remarkably humid Tuesday morning, we looked along Penn Avenue for something to eat. After passing an endless array of fast food joints and businessman-only haunts, we came across Redbeard's, which seemed to target us a bit better. Two words on the menu indicated to me we had made the right decision: Italian Quesadilla, which was as good and interesting as it sounds. Wife had a hamburger and fries, and combined with our drinks, found that we really didn't need to eat for the rest of the day, yet at the same time the meal didn't exhaust us.
4	A fun place to go downtown after work or games, etc. A little overpriced, but you expect that in this area (downtown). A good number of TVs for watching games and a casual atmosphere. I would recommend this if you're looking for a good place to go to after work. Happy hour deals aren't the best, but again it's downtown. All you can eat wings on Wednesdays! That's always a plus.
4	Was here to eat on 10/4 before a show at Heinz hall.  I've heard good things about this place but have never stopped here before so tonight was the night to stop in and check it out and I'm glad I did.  The selection of food is the typical pub style food as you would expect from a bar but their selections were great I thought.  Overall this place is great and will be stopping in again when I'm in downtown for a bite to eat.  Great service and all the waiters and waitresses seemed to be on top of their game.  I would recommend to anyone wanting to check this place out.
2	Came to this bar on a whim; was hoping for a better atmosphere and was disappointed. My friends and I were looking for a place to relax and watch the baseball game and when we asked the server if the TV could be changed we were told we have to wait for the hockey game to be over. Even though there were 5 tv's showing the game with no one watching it. Sure no problem, then we asked another server what kinda of wheat beers they had on tap not only did she have no idea but she also did not know the prices to what she was offering. The menu did not have beers prices hence the reason why we had to ask. Then proceeded to stand around and gossip with the other girls, while the bartender threw ice cubes at the waitresses. I gave this restaurant 2 stars for their employees lack of knowledge before putting them on the floor, and not being very attentive.
1	Terrible service. Even the management is rude. Told our grandmother and grandfather they weren't allowed to sit at a table because they weren't ordering food. That was the start of it. The bar is boring with nothing good about it the only reason we went was because of proximity to the hotel. How they stay in business no idea
1	no need to write long dramatic story. Beyond rude staff. Added 20% gratuity to a 4 person tab with service charge. Bartender cussed us out under her breath. Aggressive manager, yikes.
5	Great place to watch sports.  Will show just about any game.  Great bar food selection as well.   Yum yum.  Vast beer selection.  So you will be comfortable and have a good time.  Not to loud either.  Enjoy one and then another.
1	Sexist Manager.  I am a professional woman who attended lunch here a few weeks ago with two male coworkers.  The food was fine (not a big fan of canned mushrooms though) and the server was great.  However, mid-meal the manager came around to greet the tables.  Upon approaching our table he asks "how is everything GENTLEMEN?"  Although I was offended, I figured this may have been a mistake.  However, when the same manager came by 10 min later and looked the the full glass in front of me with an empty glass next to it - he looked to my coworker and asked "Sir, is that your drink and you need another or is that hers and she is done with it?"  I did not realize that in 2014 a manager for customer service would find it necessary to not address a woman directly.  Offended doesn't even begin to explain my outrage.  Unfortunately, I said nothing at the time - although I should have.  But I will never return to be treated so poorly or to patronize an establishment managed by such a blatantly sexist male.
4	Color me impressed.  After reserving a table of 10 for a pre-show birthday dinner I started to wonder what had gotten into me.  I was going to pick the meatball joint, but "no reservations" scared me away.  I didn't really want to go upscale, so Redbeard's seemed to be a good choice.  I started with several $4 Captain and Diet Cokes, so my evening was grrrreat.  But I also enjoyed our spring roll appetizer and my grilled chicken breast w/jalapeno & cheese wing sauce.  The sweet potato waffle fries rounded out a delightful bar meal and our service was overall good.  Keep Redbeard's in mind for a group meal. The upstairs is spacious and has a good vibe. AND they take reservations, which is a welcome change from the many downtown establishments which do not. What's up with that, btw?
5	Great atmosphere! Delicious food. Had the portobello sandwich. An assortment of wings and the nachos appetizer. Nachos were a little skimpy on the meat but we still had no problem finishing them off. Nice variety of wing sauces. Service was great! Will be sure to stop in again.
2	I accidentally got a yuengling after our appetizer. I just want to leave here as soon as possible. I do not enjoy club music at 6pm with dinner. Esp when the sugar bowl is on... Put the football sound on!! You're a sports bar!!! 2 stars for the pierogis BC they were good. Our bill came to 27$ and we came here for happy hour. Tho they forgot to give us happy hour prices. The waiter did fix it.. To then not give us the drink specials. Our bill was 9$ over what it was suppose to be. Staff was clueless. Atmosphere is weird, like they can't figure out if they want to be a Buffalo Wild Wings/ a dance bar with quick bites/ downtown tailgate bar.
3	Stopped in here for a quick drink before a show.  The hostess was very nice and the place was kind of empty, so I was able to get a seat at the bar.  The bar was nice and clean and seated a decent amount.  They have a lot of beers on tap, a lot !!I got my standard Gin Martini, which was very good and under $10.00.  Not bad for a place in the Theater District.  Not sure how the service would be if the place was hopping but for me, on a Sunday afternoon, I sat down and had a drink in less than 3 minutes.  The wait staff and bartenders were 20 somethings so I was privy to the trials and tribulations of a 20 somethings life, but... I found it amusing... kind of took me back to my 20's, well as far back as I can remember.  I would go back again.  It was cozy and clean and they made a good drink.
