5	Fastest service ever! I love getting breakfast here because I know it will never make me late! The employees are so friendly, too!During once visit, I had been dieting for a while and decided to treat myself to some fries but they were less than warm. Any other time and I would have eaten them, but I had been craving them so bad!! They happily made me some fresh fries and chatted with me while I waited! It made my day ;)
5	Good breakfast and new coffee burgers are always hot and fresh and rotating in new toppings. New soda fountain and frosty's rule
4	There is a cashier who is the most awesome woman ever. She is super excited every time I walk in, and makes me feel like the best customer ever. I will find out her name the next time I go, but she is the epitome of great customer service. The only other thing I have to say is that their soda dispenser is space age Star Trek awesome technology. You pick the type of drink you want, and any additives, and it is AMAZING. Touch-screen awesome drink magic.
4	The renovations did this Wendy's wonders!  It looks amazing inside, with all updated fixtures, clean lobby area, and one of those futuristic coke machines.The service is consistently super friendly, which is impressive for fast food.  I like that they take our first names at the counter, so when the order is ready they can holler "ERIN!" rather than "#309!"  It's just more personal.  They happily gave us extra pecans for our salads, and joked around during the payment process.  It was a refreshing experience.I like the Wendy's menu for the most part, but I wouldn't choose them over some competitors for a burger and fries.  Unless I want a frosty, chili or baked potato, I don't usually consider Wendy's.  I have however fallen in love with their salads!  They are fresh, tasty, healthy, and overall guilt-free.  Extra tasty (though slightly more guilt) with those extra pecans!
4	Where's the koi pond?? Aesthetically, this place is off the charts compared to other fast food establishments. The whole building looks like a huge box crafted out of fine wood. Inside, they've got upgraded soda dispensers, new furnishings and fixtures, making it very easy to get comfortable when diving into your JBC (junior bacon cheeseburger).  There's even a couple couches to watch TV - they had a baseball game on. The food is about the same as any other Wendy's. I've become a big fan of the Cobb and Apple Pecan Chicken Salads. Order a half size with a side of chicken nuggets and you've got a sub 500 calorie meal with surprisingly good taste and price.
1	Went thru the drive through recently and asked for a jr frosty. I had one of those keychain things, but I couldn't find it. After a five minute wait before I got up to the window, I found it. So I told the cashier that I found my key tag for a free jr frosty. So she told me my total. I gave her my cash and looked at my receipt and it was still charge AND she took my frosty card. I said "the charge is still on the receipt" she said that next time, I need to tell her that I have any coupons when I order. I said " okay, my bad, I didn't think I had it, but you took my card and didn't tell me I got charged anyway and if that's the case, where's the second frosty then?" She goes "here's your dollar and frosty" and then closed the window. It's not the money, it's about the fact that I was treated soooo rudely!!! Never going back there!
5	This Wendy's was recently remodeled. Its very nice, clean, and a lot fancier than a normal one. It has a cool looking gas fireplace, and TV. Some nice wood paneling and glass fixtures. They also have the computerized drink station, which i love, because it has sparkling water for us that don't really like to drink soda. They have a nice living room style seating are with big leather lounge chairs. The staff is friendly and takes your order by name. I come here for a quick lunch every now and then. When i don't feel like cooking, and have limited funds. Great place for a fast food restaurant. Just a little bit above the rest.
1	This Wendy's is very nice  and new. We usually like this place but this occasion we found a bone in our chicken sandwich. We gave it to the man cleaning the lobby. He took it to his supervisor/ manager and know one approached us with an apology or questions. This was in bad taste and we will not be back
3	I remember back in the day, when Wendy's had those colorful hanging plastic beads and fake Tiffany lamps. LOLBut NOW, Wendy's is all modern and all grown up. And it sort of looks like the inside of a starship. Warp factor two. Engage!But I've always liked Wendy's and I liked what they've done with the boring old setup. You need to sit in front of their TV, watch an old movie or Sports Center and enjoy the gas heated fireplace to fully appreciate it. Really nice!The Chili is still the same thankfully.  Can someone explain those foiled hot sauce packets? Soy, Gum, something another's LOL. The burgers, Single, Double, Triple are good, but they're no longer made fresh. Ugh. Take look at that sad, dried Double they served me. But the Chicken sandwiches are very good and like their idea of putting them on pretzel bread. Nice!So, A-Okay three stars for taking up a notch.
1	A late night snack attack got the better of me and I wish it hadn't. Not because I felt like a shitty, horrible person for downing a thousand calories at night, I hadn't really eaten all day, but because "The Baconator", a so called premium sandwich, was blandanator. No flavor at all! My drink had flavor, however, just not the right flavor... I ordered a Sprite and what I got tasted like a mixture of Mountain Dew and a shitty explosion of limes. The finale was being given drinks and no straws, as well as never being asked if I wanted any sauce to go with the chicken nuggets I ordered. Note to self,When you drive up and employees are screaming and acting a fool inside, keep on driving.
