4	I really enjoy coming to this gas station when I need to stop to get a green tea or when the husband wants a 40 or whatever. The one guy that works the night shift is VERY nice and always makes me leave with a smile! When he asks how's everything's going of he cares or not he makes it seem like he cares!I come here purely because of his customer service. There's nothing spectacular about it just a great place to stop for a drink.
1	Just had the worst experience of my life, I was belittled and cursed at by a power hunger 'shift supervisor' by the name of Sean. I will be filing a complaint with corporate offices and his store manager. I've been coming to this same gas station for the past 8 years and love everyone that works here. Yet this rude ignorant worker is destroying my experience to the point I will never do business with them ever again. Cherry if you are reading this, we need to speak urgently and this issue needs to be resolved. I will also file a complaint with the BBB. When I asked for the corporate number or a direct supervisor I was told no. How professional is this, even though he's in a entry level job he should know the customer is always right. Ignorance won't get you far in life buddy.
4	If you're a fan of Thrifty ice cream, you can find it inside this Chevron gas station's market at the corner of Jones and Warm Springs.  We were originally headed for the Asian ice cream place next door, but somehow we ended up here instead to check out the selection and stayed.  Nostalgia!  I haven't had Thrifty ice cream in ages, so it was nice to see the old standards like mint n chip, chocolate malted crunch, circus animal cookie, black cherry, butter pecan, etc.  This is indeed a full-service ice cream counter right past the cashier.  Girlfriend had a scoop of birthday cake and I had pecan praline on a cone.  There are even two tables inside so you can enjoy your treats before you leave.  Free tastes and friendly service inside the Chevron? Now you know like I do!
5	Short Line Express Market has Thrifty's Ice Cream!!! The workers here are also really nice. I was so excited about the prospect of ice cream I couldn't make up my mind on what flavor I wanted. But they were so nice, I ended up getting double scoops, even though it was late at night. Yummmmmmm! Don't forget to pick up a stamp card!
