4	Schaffer's is a great bridal salon. The store is big & clean and has huge dressing rooms. They carry a bunch of different wedding dress designers like Maggie Sottero, Pronovias, Sottero & Midgley, and Marchesa. The lady who helped me try on gowns, Karla, was great! She took the time to understand what I was looking for and pulled a great assortment of dresses in my price range. I would highly recommend Schaffer's to brides looking for wedding dresses.
5	Schaffer's has been around for many years and they've recently opened a store in Scottsdale right next to Kierland Commons.  The reception area is just beautiful and classy.  I was greeted by my consultant, Erin.  She was so fun and helpful!  She is genuine and will definitely give you her most honest opinion.  The dress selection there is great!  They have dresses on sale and some were priced at $59!  These dresses are in very good condition. They are on sale because they are being discontinued and cannot be ordered anymore.  Even if you need alterations, for $59, it can't get any better.   All other dresses are arranged by price.  From $1000 to $10,000.  They have a separate room with just couture dresses that start at around $3000.   We were able to touch, feel, and try on any dresses..except they don't allow pictures.Besides wedding dresses, they carry a good selection of bridesmaid dresses from $150 to $300.  They also have tuxes, accessories (veils, hair pieces, jewelries, shoes, sashes, etc), evening gowns for mothers, evening gowns for prom or parties.  They even have the most extraordinary dresses that are more like costumes.They offer 10% discount for savvy brides who make fast decisions and buy their dresses within 24 hours.  20% discount with the purchase of a wedding dress + a bridesmaids dress....and everything else you buy at Schaffer's will be 20% off too.  Keep in mind, they won't order your dress from the manufacturer until your balance is paid in full.  I've been to many wedding boutiques in town and this is one of the best!
5	I would have never imagined that a bridal salon that sells Oscar De La Renta gowns would be subtly hidden in a basic corporate looking building off of Scottsdale Road and Kierland Blvd. I would think a store like this would be placed right in the heart of the action, but instead, it stays subtly hidden! Well my fellow brides, let this review be my recommendation for you to visit this shop during your bridal searches! First, the bridal gowns. I will give Schaffer's the award for most gowns of any shop I've visited. They have endless rows of gowns and all range in price as well. There are gowns for a thousand and there are gowns for $10,000. Pick your budget poison! The gowns are organized based on price and designer. I noticed brands like Pronovias and Oscar De La Renta. They have everything from lace and satin to silk and chiffon. They have princess dresses, sleek dresses and everything in between. Chances are, you'll find a dress of your liking here. I didn't visit Schaffer's to look for a wedding dress because I already found my dream one, but while here looking for bridesmaid dresses, I took some time to browse the bridal racks. Every dress was gorgeous! Secondly, the bridesmaid dresses. They have a wide variety of beautiful dresses that also vary in price. They have every color, every style, every price and both short and long styles. In addition to the bridal gowns and bridesmaid dresses, they also carry tuxedos, bridal accessories and evening wear. Yes evening wear! When I say evening wear, I mean couture and designer dresses that are a pretty penny in price! This is a great store to look for a gown if you have a special event (that's not a wedding). It's also a nice option for Mother of the Brides/Grooms, etc.
5	I have been here twice without an appointment and they were able to get me in without a problem.  They have a huge, diverse collection.  Lisa, my sales girl was AWESOME!  She was so patient and answered all the questions that I had.  No high pressure sales here!
5	Can't thank you enough for saving the day!  Another alterations person ruined my daughters dress and Schaffer's fixed it and was nothing but amazing to us!  THANK YOU
5	I  had a very bad experience at another bridal salon in the area before my appointment at Schaffer's so I was not the most positive person when I walked through the door. However, the staff made both my mother and I feel very relaxed right from the beginning. They listened to what I was looking for, my concerns, and my price point and also gave their professional input. I swear I must have tried on at least 20 dresses but they never made me feel rushed. They never made me feel pressured into purchasing my dress and it was a really fun experience for both my mother and I. I ended up purchasing a dress that was exactly what I wanted, literally I didnt have to compromise on any of my must haves, and it came in well under budget. I cant wait for my dress to come in, in fact I was thinking of going in just to try on my dress again because I love it so much!
2	Its with sadness that I write this review. The online reviews are all raves (see below). The store looks beautiful. Its right down the street from my house - designer dresses at all price points. Phoenix not generally being a bastion of fashion, I was relatively sure I was going to end up trekking to LA or NY to end up getting my dress until I found Schaffer's online. So flash forward to my first ever bridal dress shopping experience. When I made my reservation, I very clearly described the style of dress I was searching for, but also noted that I was open to trying some different styles to get a feel for not only what I liked, but what would look good on me.  I was assured on the phone that I would have lots of variety and we would spend time trying a few things to figure it out.  When I showed up and shared pictures of what I described on the phone, the sales lady realized immediately that they didn't have one dress that fit my requirements or anywhere near them. (Btw - which consisted of an open budget and the description of sheath style, silk or satiny material, and not strapless: not totally unreasonable requests.)  The sales lady was really kind, and very complimentary of my taste and aesthetic, but it didn't help the fact that there was not one style as I described it, and that nobody warned me that my options would be limited or nonexistent when I made my appt.  I wasted everyone's time, including the people who were with me at my appt. and drove 40 mins to get there from South Phoenix.  So, to kind of recover and not make it a total bust I tried to prod for dresses that other girls my age, size, style had been buying lately. Maybe I could try a few of those on and see if anything struck me. Instead I was told what I was looking for was probably the right thing and there wasn't any other style she could suggest. Yes, I walked out of the store without trying on one dress, while my incredibly sweet family tried to cheer me up and tell me not to be disheartened, I sit here, writing this review, totally disheartened and not looking forward to something that everyone else tells me is one of the most fun parts of getting married.
2	The appointment got off with a bad start and went downhill from there. The service rep, Kacey, failed to introduce herself, or company policies at the beginning of the meeting. This resulted in numerous      awkward moments, for example: after trying on 8 dresses and then proceeding to try on more dresses on the floor -  Kacey informs me there is a usually a 10 dress limit, but she let me look around anyways (still made me feel weird) . This info would have been helpful during the selection process so i wouldn't take so much time.. Awkward moment #2. As I was trying dresses, my sister pulled her phone out to take a photo for reference. She was abruptly stopped by a "we do not allow photos here"(not a problem at a previous store we visited). When asked why not, Kacey replied "Because in the past it has bitten us in the butt, when brides post ugly dress photos online". TACKEY! She went on to say that she claims that "Brides can't remember what dresses look like after they have tried so many on". Thats the whole point of pictures, Kacey! This no-photo policy is counter-intuitive to the customers needs and insulting.Beyond this I felt rushed, and numerous snide comments made me feel uncomfortable. For example, when I expressed that I was still deciding what type of dress I want, Kacey backhandedly remarked "Surprising, since your wedding is in April (8 months away). How rude! The 10 dress limit and no-photo policy would have been okay if they had been presented up front and professionally. This place made me feel inadequate and unprepared, and left a bitter taste in my mouth.
1	I scheduled my sister for an appointment here hoping she would have a great experience, and we did, up to a certain point. We were assigned a young lady who helped us narrow it down to a few dresses, two we were able to order and another that was marked down and no longer being made. As my sister narrowed down the dresses, we were taken to another part of the store so that we could spread out the long veil and the train of the dress. While we were in that area, our neighbors, also trying on dresses, decided to go into my sisters dressing area and take one of her top picks. The one that could no longer be ordered. We would have to of taken that particular one. It was beautiful. She really loved it. Once she was trying on the three top ones we noticed that one was missing. My mother saw that the neighbor was dancing and excitingly dancing around in the dress that my sister loved. Her attendant said to let it go. Let it go?! My sister had it first. I saw then them looking at her in that dress and they kept coming around the area. The ladies at Schaffer's allowed those crooked ladies (mom and daughter) to purchase this dress right in front of us. It really put a horrible feeling into our hearts of what could have been a great experience. I would have liked to have my sisters attendant stand up for my sister. Tell the woman that she had it first, that she knew it was taken from her dressing room, that it was a top choice and that she wanted to try it on once again. If, and only if, she decided she did not want it, then they could finalize THIER deal. It was very disheartening. Very sad. My sister (the bride), my mom, daughters, and guests who were invited were truly upset.We ended up going to another shop. The same things happened where a bride-to-be saw the dress my sister wore around the salon and asked for it, even demanded it. Our hearts dropped but my sisters attendant told them they would have to wait. Wait until she was done deciding if this was the one or not. We are forever thankful because it was. I can't say that anyone at Schaffer's would stand up for you if it was the case.I realize this was about the mighty $$$$ and not about the bride.
5	My mom and I went in yesterday without an appointment, hoping to be squeezed in. They were super accommodating and I was trying on dresses in no time! I live in Los Angeles, but it was important to me to shop with my mom so we decided to shop in Scottsdale while I was visiting. Our salesgirl was amazing and so helpful. She didn't care whether I purchased a $3000 dress or off the rack- which I ended up settling on a sample that she had pulled! Such a great deal and in excellent condition. I took it home last night and can't stop looking at it! I highly recommend this shop- beautifully set up, tons of dresses, fantastic service. It makes me sad I only get to do this once!
1	After much wedding chaos, Schaffer's Bridal and Formal only added to the stress. My sister and I originally went here last year upon a good review we had heard of this salon. We went here and had a fabulous girl help choose a dress and bridesmaids dresses - all of which we purchased through their store. We arrived when her dress came in and she was quickly given a plastic bag with her gown. We had to ask the sales clerk to try it on and be shown how to tie up the dress. The service was even okay then, just not impressive.However, the real problem occurred when the wrong bridesmaid's dresses were ordered. In May we ordered the dresses in two different styles. In September they arrived and the wedding was only two weeks away. Only one style was ordered and we had the wrong dress. Upon hearing this news we called Schaffer's and they said that a manager is not in on the weekends (which is odd, considering they probably do a good amount of their business on the weekends) and no one there was authorized to do anything to right this wrong. We were forced to go ahead and alter a dress we did not want. After, a week a Schaffer's Bridal employee offered to give us a sample dress from the floor that matched the order we wanted. I refused this offer because we were told to order the dresses at the same time to ensure the same hue in color and I was not going to accept a full price purchases with a used dress that again would need alterations. Later, I called and asked what the store would do to right this wrong. They offered to pay for alterations on the WRONG dress when the original dress I ordered did not even require alterations. This offer was unsatisfying when my emails all proved that the error was on their end and because of the high employee turnover our ordered had been passed on to several clerks and not followed accurately. Just this week the manager Shontel and owner Sue agreed they had done all they can in offering a used dress or alterations on the wrong dress, but no refund would be allowed or compensation beyond that. I am now forced to wear a dress I did not order, does not fit the wedding, and is unflattering. Following the discussion that manager even hung up on me. I am disappointed in this company. The situation was horribly upsetting to my sister and what they offered was unfair. Given the timing of the wedding, there was nothing we could do this late in the game, we did not want the dress and are forced to use it with no understanding or willingness to right their wrong.Avoid this scamming salon and their poor customer service. Once they have your money they are far less accommodating.
2	The Dresses and shop were pretty especially as walking in. For me, there was a little mix up while searching online, i am from California- but moving and getting married in Arizona --the phone number i had made an app for was for schaffers in Ohio, even though the address was for Scottsdale - me being from out of state, i had no idea..They still took me in which was nice; HOWEVER i didn't feel welcomed at ALL  ..... There were No customers there and one app wasn't coming in until 6:00..it was also a weekday.. i could understand if they all had there hands full, but they didn't.. the app mixup was an innocent mistake.. Just go out your way a little to help someone. I am in customer service as well, there are times i don't want to do things, however I will never try to make my customer feel Belittled, or rushed out.. I would have rather them tell me "I'm sorry, we really want to take you in, but it's by appointment only" .... Didn't really know what i got myself into until i chose my dresses and tried them on, there was 3 dresses i tried, there was more in the bunch but after trying on one and getting a blank annoyed face "helping" me, i narrowed it to 3, even that felt like forever... didn't mind choosing my own dresses etc etc. But Felt they were forced to help simply zip up a dress and find a sash to go with it... Its not rocket science-its customer service.  I wanted to get out of there even more as each dress went on because of the crappy customer service.. i actually know what type of dresses look great on me, i'm not difficult ..i did fall in love with one, but because i hated the customer service i wont go back. It wasn't a good "memorable" experience.
1	The store itself is beautiful.  The girl helping me at first was not very nice, they were not welcoming at all and she wasn't very helpful.  As I was trying on dresses she started to warm up a tiny bit.  But she wasn't very friendly to my friends. She kept saying they didn't have much time because they were about to close.  Another girl kept walking by to remind her and not even saying a word to us.  My friends were looking at bridesmaid dresses while I was trying on and the other girl said to them no you can't see those because we are closing. I found a dress that was very pretty but I was turned off by being treated like we were a burden so we left and I have no reason to go back there! Part of the experience is the excitement and the attendants helping you and providing you with information and having a positive attitude.  I would recommend skipping this place, there are a million other dress boutiques that are beautiful have an amazing selection and will have you feeling good and positive!
5	This place is the holy grail of bridal shops. It's big and spacious, the dressing rooms are huge and mirrored so you don't have to get dressed then walk somewhere else and the staff is awesome. I LOVE Jaina and want her to be my new best friend! I think their selection of dresses is great and their customer service is fantastic. They really help you get in the dress and do everything to make you comfortable and move the dress in crazy ways so you can imagine any alterations you may want. They go above and beyond. I may go there just to hang out with them. I have been to a handful of shops and they do it right!
1	My dress came in damaged from the manufacturer; rather then immediately offer to fix it they said they'd take care of during alterations. After a debate they fixed the boning that was literally cutting threw dress and stabbing me, and the sash that was sewn on wrong. When I got the dress back there was a Shoe print on the CREAM colored Sash! So when I said I would be taking the dress to a more reputable place for the alterations they were actually surprised. It gets worse. The other bridesmaid in the wedding got her alterations done on site. Her dress came back BURNT. A dark stain from the steamer THEY used! Also on the cream colored sash.  That same Bridesmaid paid for a rush on her dress, which then was, surprise, surprise NOT rushed. Then it was ridiculous trying to get the $ back.  Okay ready for the icing on the cake? My best friend the BRIDE had her dress altered. She went in for the final fitting to find out they had brought it in so much it was hard to zip and the sweetheart neckline was still too gapping, the only thing she needed fixed! They also added VISIBLE tacks to the train where it did NOT need them and it made the train twist up. The hem was too short. The side seams were the ruching should have met up was lumpy unaligned and unflattering. The back of the dress was also bulging were it never had before.  This was 15 days till the wedding. And how much did they charge for their shoddy work you may wonder? $400 after quoting and guaranteeing it would only be $200. They can't sew their way threw a sock puppet! We proceeded to take the dress to 2 other seamstresses who couldn't believe how butchered it was. Neither of those ladies could fix it either since it was purchased elsewhere. The original score when we researched them was 27/30. Not a couple months latter it was 11/30! So at least we know we were not alone in this. This whole experience was a nightmare I would not wish on my worst enemy.
5	My experience here was wonderful! I'm the bride and came to try on dresses with my mom, brother and a bridesmaid. The ladies at the front were very friendly and then we were assigned a girl to help pick our dresses for me. The dresses are all separated by price which is very nice- we knew which part of the store to stay out of with the super expensive ones (who on earth pays $10,000 for a dress????) I found many dresses I liked on the hanger but didn't like on me, and the girl was very patient and asking me my taste and making sure I was comfortable. I really liked a dress but my family didn't and she told me to make sure I liked it, and to ignore what anyone else- it's my big day, anyway. I ended up finding a dress that I LOVED, and needless to say we purchased it that day. I'm excited to get it back for my next fitting! Hopefully all runs smoothly.
5	This was the most amazing experience I could've ever asked for! Cierra was such an awesome sales associate and helped me try on about 9 wedding gowns. My mom and sister were there with me and it was such a special moment to share with them! I said YES to the dress here at Schaffers and cannot wait to see my dress in 4-5 months!!!  Ahhhhh! A billion dresses to choose from at this location and totally worth every penny! Wow!!!
1	So disappointed.  Last year we shopped here and purchased a dress for one of my daughters.  It was a great experience.  We went straight there for daughter 2 last week.  What a disappointment,  I guess their standards have gone down.  The sales girl was wearing sneakers !  Not high end anymore.  She told us how many dresses could be tried on because she wanted to go home.  Her clamps and clamping of the dresses was awful.  We will be purchasing elsewhere , terrible customer service.
5	Schaffer's is a stock store so if you're a small size, prepare to spend all your money on the alterations. I was so incredibly lucky and found a discontinued Maggie Sottero gown (originally $1700) on sale for $99. Add more luck when it was a size 8 and fit my body very well. It's $185 to hem and $185 to bustle which they admit can be high compared to other tailors, but for the quality and price of my dress, I went with them for the tailoring. The entire staff is so professional, from the reception desk to the sales staff to the seamstress. Excellent work.
5	Love, love, loved our experience at Schaffer's!  My daughter and I visited 4 bridal shops and this was far and above the best! It is a beautiful place and the dressing rooms are fantastic. The selection and prices would please any bride (and mother with the credit card)!  The manager, Laurie was so helpful and personable.  Ellie did a fabulous job on the alterations.  It fit like a glove. I would highly recommend Schaffer's to every bride!
5	I had a wonderful experience here. My wedding planning had been a bit sporadic so it was nice that my consultant, Rachel, was so flexible with me and my many cancellations. She looked through my Pinterest boards to get an idea for what I wanted and had already pulled some for me by the time I arrived. She was also very cognizant of my budget and did not stray. I would highly recommend any bride check it out :)
5	I highly recommend Schaffer's to anyone looking for a wedding dress. I scheduled an appointment a while back and the day before my appointment I called and asked if I could keep my budget private. I didn't want everyone I invited dress shopping to know my budget, I'm just a private person. When we walked in the store I met Kacey, the employee who was going to help me find THE dress. She pulled me aside and asked me my budget privately, and didn't make it awkward. She made the whole experience easy, fun and stress free. This was the first wedding dress store I went to and I was pretty nervous. She really helped me feel comfortable trying these dresses  on (especially when you're close to naked) and I trusted her judgement and advice. I ended up purchasing the dress she picked out, which was in my price range and absolutely beautiful (2nd dress I tried on). She informed me when I was trying on a dress that was outside of my price range that someone else had picked out for me. Kacey gave me her contact info and I know that if I have any questions I can shoot her an email/contact her at the store. I have confidence that when I go back for my alterations it will be just as stress free and easy. Impeccable customer service!
5	This was the best bridal gown shopping experience that I have had. Kasey put me at ease, listened to what I wanted, also to what I didn't like from my previous experiences. I was supremely discouraged when I got there because I had had some terrible experiences at other salons. When we got there Kasey greeted us, showed us around, and got a feel for what I had in mind. She helped me pick about 10 dresses. She is expert in getting the dresses on in a flash. She asked me if I liked them, if it was a no, or I didn't like it as much as another style she would take it out of the room. There were three strong maybes. We finally found the dress, and it was in my price range once she negotiated with her manager (no stress on my part!). There was never any stress or pressure. Just encouragement and expertise. I couldn't be happier. I finally have my dress after 5 salons and over 50 dresses tried on. I was in great hands with Kasey at the helm of my experience. I would HIGHLY recommend this bridal salon.
3	I first went to schaffers when I was beginning my search for my wedding dress, and I have to say they have a great selection. However, I did not find the dress of my dreams, even though they did spend a significant amount of time helping me out. I returned a month later to find a sash and a veil. Once again-- great selection, but I was disappointed with their follow through. After I selected a $365 veil and a sash over the weekend, they told me they would check on the availability of the veil on Monday, so I could get an expected time of delivery. The week passed, and I still have not heard back from them. I ended up going elsewhere, due to their poor follow through skills.
4	I had an awesome experience! My consultants name was Andi, she let me pick out the dresses that I wanted without following me like a hawk. She let me be in control and I ended up finding my dress, which I had been struggling to find for months! The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it would have been helpful if the consultants helped pick out some dresses with me since they know the store much better than I do and could direct me in more ways than just price since they separate their sections by budget, but I did enjoy being able to pick out my own dresses to try on which I hadnt been able to do at other shops before. I would recommend to friends in the future
