5	They worked magic on my out-of-warranty PowerBook G4, which needed a new hard drive after 4 years.  They're incredibly helpful and knowledgeable, and offer the best price around town.  And they're a million times faster than sending my computer away to let Apple try to fix it (for more money) - it was as good as new in only one day!These guys are the best!
4	Century 23 saved me a ton of money on my IMac which the apple store assured me would cost me a lot  to fix. They are very knowledgable and courteous and got my machine fixed up for a fraction of the cost. I would recommend this guys anytime you need your machine rescued.
5	I have been coming here for years. First was a harddrive upgrade for my macbook. Had part in stock, changed it while I waited, ported all info over to new drive, and then put a usb on my old hard drive so I could access content. You have a mac with a problem? They will fix it right the first time! The ONLY apple/mac solution in Vegas worth going to. Smart, efficient, and cost effective.BTW, just got another upgrade to a mac laptop, and Ron stayed 3 hours over to help me! WOW!The best mac service EVER in Vegas!
5	After being told by several licensed Apple dealers that my screen crashing on my 3 1/2 month old MacBook Air would not be covered by my warranty and would be quite costly.  The Apple Store referred me to Century 23 as a licensed Apple repair facility that might be able to do the work for less.  I am so glad, because Century 23 diagnosed the problem correctly, submitted the claim, and the new screen was covered under my warranty.  I will continue to use them for any computer problem I have.  I was very satisfied by the expertise and time spent making sure my problem was resolved!
4	These guys are really nice and very helpful. They know they're stuff. I had problems with my logic board for a macbook pro, and not only did they fix it, they contacted Apple themselves and made sure I wouldn't be charged for the new hardware. If you ever have problems with your mac, this is the place to go in Las Vegas!
5	The team at Century 23 are awesome.  I bought a MacBook off Craigslist.  They upgraded my memory first, then gave me advise on upgrading my hard drive also.  A bit reluctant at first but the guys there told me to shop around, find a hard drive cheaper and  bring it in and they will do the rest.  They even gave the specs of the hard drive to get and suggested the brand to buy. A few days later I bought a larger hard drive came in and in a matter of minutes had it installed and  ready for me to load my information on to it.  It is fantastic to see that type of service.  Keep up the good work guys!!!
5	I've been doing business with Century 23 since they opened in the 1980s and I continue to use them.  Nick and his staff have always been helpful, knowledgable and friendly.  I go there rather than the Apple Store for everything.  A 25 year customer thinks they are GREAT.
5	Quick Look: No frills, old school Mac repair center in the heart of Vegas. Honest, fast and affordable. Highly recommended for saving your Mac, and your wallet. In Depth: Spilled a small splash of Ginger Ale on my track-pad of my 2013 Macbook Pro Retna Display. The liquid barely touched the track-pad and within 10 minutes it was no longer working. Then the computer would no longer load and went into some strange safe mode. Essentially it was DOA. I brought the laptop into the Apple store in Town Square as soon as they opened on a Sunday. I was rudely chastised for showing up to the Apple store w/o an appointment. Waited 20 minutes and a "genius" came over and never even looked at my Macbook and said: "it got wet, the warranty is voided and the cost of repair is $755. We also cannot guarantee your info will be saved. We will just get the laptop working again." The guy was not sympathetic and seemed dismissive. These doofuses, I mean geniuses are trained to say this. They are useless. Century 23 came on recommendation by several people on my FB page. I brought the laptop over on a Monday. Met the repairman who would be working on it named Ron. He was sympathetic and assured me they would save my info, take a look and give me a proper evaluation. By the EOD on that Monday Ron called to let me know that they had saved and backed up all my files from the laptop. On Tuesday morning Ron called to let me know that he had cleaned the small amount of Ginger Ale from inside and ordered a new track-pad. He hoped it would be in by the next day. He called on Wednesday, two days after bringing it in to say your laptop is fixed and you can pick it up. Total cost (including taxes) was $169. I was shocked and very happy with how quick they fixed my laptop and how affordable the cost was! The Macbook has been working like new. I have been using it daily for weeks and it's running perfect. Ron at Century 23 really saved me and I couldn't be happier with the service I received there. If you have a Mac computer, be careful as they are designed to break (easily). If you happen to make a boo-boo, DO NOT take it to Apple for repair. They will give you a high quote in hopes that you buy a new machine. Century 23 is a certified Apple repair center and they will save you time and $$$. They will give you an honest quote at best. Thank you Ron and Century 23, I will forever be a customer and will be sending you future business.
1	Business must be booming at Century23. I was referred here by Apple for a screen replacement. The part was not in stock so they claimed they would research getting the part in or the very least keep me posted about its status. No call back so I called them; still nothing. I then sent an email asking for an update, twice; to which there was no reply.  I guess they don't need my money...which I explained I would part with, without questioning the cost.At this point I'll just assume, since they lack proper communication skills expected from a legitimate business, that they are not interested in anything other than simple hard drive and memory swaps that anyone can handle. Or maybe business has been so good that they have gone into early retirement.
