4	Finishing up a major renovation just in time to host the 6th Annual Bartenders Ball, the Blake is an exercise in visually appealing modern design with plenty of details to entice the eye.  A very sexy lobby lounge furnished in black, white and glass greets you as you enter and check in.  Up in the rooms one is greeted by an almost tiki ambience.  And the bar that just reopened on the ground floor has bold avant garde furnishings and friendly staff.  They are still tweaking out a few details such as phones that don't work, electrical socket fixtures that don't match the rest of the decor and missing towel bars.  But when they're done with renovations recommended by a NY design firm, it will be a force of coolness to be reckoned with.
5	Amazing value and modern style.  You'll think you're in a posh NYC hotel. I recommended this place to a friend visiting as it was in uptown and the cheapest I could find online. $80 bucks or so.  I was amazed at the style and the rooms.  They even come with flat screens although without HDTV  cable they are a bit worthless(think stretched tv shows).  The lobby is also a great place to relax and people watch and has free Wifi and those infamous Polynesian chairs!
3	Just spent four days here during a conference out in Charlotte. Where should I start? They are in the middle of reconstuction which accounts for many of my complaints. However, it seems as though they have been under reconstruction for far too long for it to be an excuse. Let's start with the doors to the rooms. They are possessed. Either that or it's the damn door key machine. You can't sneeze, touch, put in your pocket, purse or wallet without the card getting demagnetized. I can't tell you how many keys I had and trips down to the front lobby to get my cards we magnetized. Ugh!!! Really quite annoying. Parts of the hotel were very posh and cute while others were very rundown looking and dirty. Namely our bathroom. The room itself was cute and nice with a flat screen TV and pretty good linens but the bathroom had peeling paint and made me feel like shower shoes were in order. While they did change the towels, I'm fairly certain that they did not change the sheets much while we were there. Yuck.However, the customer service was excellent. Everyone was very friendly and very accomodating. The dining room while not that fabulous looking had great servers and the food was decent and cheap. The bar was designed by blind man with no taste but again the servers were nice. Hated that you could smoke in the hotel, but hey, you're in the South. Don't they grow the damn tobacco there? Located fairly close to the convention center so walking around the area to bars and restaurants was easy. Also located fairly close to great areas to go running which I did on a few occasions. Definitely not my favorite hotel, especially since it cost us $199 plus tax a night but it was fair.
4	Alright, I'm a little embarrassed...I was so excited about staying at The Blake Hotel because of a similarly named bar in Atlanta's midtown.  I thought it would have a ton of cute gay boys and partying down at all hours behind the front desk, maybe a disco ball and Jell-o shots or something when you walk in.  Alas, there was no disco ball, and no party people as concierge and lobby attendants.  Just the contrasting colors and mod lounge feel.There was however an extravagant holiday party the night of my birthday dinner in the convention center  that we seriously considered crashing.  We settled for taking a few photographs with a camel right outside of their ballroom on our way out.Oddly, the convention part of the hotel looks like any other convention center with brown, maroon and mustard hued decorations and patterned carpet.  I suppose this part has not yet been 'mod'ified.  You know you've reached the new part when you pass the huge silver bizarro mirror that makes your calves look like those of a Tour de France cyclist.Each room has a flat screen TV with contemporary looking decorations and amenities.  There may not be a party in the lobby, but there's nothing stopping you from having one in your ultra-chic room.  Enjoy!
3	There are some things that the Blake Hotel does very very well, and some things that look like they're about half done here, like the renovations started but never quite were seen through to completion. If you make your way up from the parking garage through the 1970s and into the Blake, you'll find that the modern touches here translate, but only to a degree.The lobby is decked out and shows well, and if you pop onto the web site, it's the type of thing that you'll see more often as showcase pieces: modern light fixtures, sleek couches, door handles shaped like the Blake 'B', etc.  There's definitely a hotelier trend apparent here, and it seems from chatting with locals that the Blake was ready for a facelift for awhile and got a scrubbing a couple of years ago. That said, there were still some small touches that seemed not completely realized, from light fixtures in my room that didn't quite work to other, more systemic problems, like the fact that the desk in the room didn't seem to be near an electrical outlet. The staff was friendly (though I got a particular kick out of the guy who thought Yelp was, I dunno, pronounced 'Yelf' or something), and they do feature a complimentary breakfast and moderate exercise room. Would I stay here again? Probably, sure - it's right downtown and totally convenient. But maybe, perhaps, not entirely luxurious through and through.
2	A friend and I stayed here over the weekend for the Lady Gaga concert. I'll admit, I chose this place because of its great location to the venue and the "Lady Gaga package" being offered. Oh, if only I had known.The hotel is only half finished in its renovations. There was a sign propped up against the wall on our floor stating they were sorry for the inconvenience. We were just wondering why they didn't put the thing on the wall.Our room wasn't that great. It didn't have a fridge or microwave. The lighting was not great at all. We only had two dimly lit lamps (no overhead lighting) and no toilet paper in the restroom. There was no vending machine on our floor, so we had to go all the way to the lobby anytime we wanted water or soda. Not helpful when you're drunk or suffering from a slight hangover from the various parties going on.The bar was decent. The bartender that we conversed with the most was really nice. The drinks weren't half bad and were pretty affordable compared with the bars downtown. Included in our Lady Gaga package were free drink vouchers which were great... except for the fact that the bar closes at 11pm every night. That was pretty frustrating.We were also given breakfast vouchers as part of our package. We were initially excited about it, assuming there would be omelets and pancakes. Instead we were greeted with continental breakfast, in what is supposed to be a 3-4 star hotel. Oh, and did I mention there is no room service?On a positive note, the parking garage was great. We were able to get a spot very close to the door, and we had no trouble navigating the city via taxi or car. We were also excited to see a wedding had taken place at the hotel, and it brought some non-drunken cheer to the place. Other than that, we were usually greeted with drunk guys and people passed out in the lobby. It made for interesting times.Next time we visit Charlotte, we plan to stay somewhere else. Maybe once the renovations are complete, and we have basic things (a fridge or maybe toilet paper) to sustain us in our room, we'll check it out again.
2	This hotel is not in the same class as others in Charlotte in the same price range AT ALL.  Yes, it was better than motel six and the like.  But it was nowhere near any of the other hotels I've stayed in in Charlotte for the same price.Issues:-Arrived and found the lone desk manager overwhelmed with a guest whose reservation wasn't in the system.  He was obviously overworked and flustered.  While he waited for the computer reservation program to reload, he took my confirmation number.  My number wasn't even in the system.  So he had me call the reservation number on my own phone to inquire as to where it was.  The guy on the phone was not very professional, but at least found my reservation and entered it into the computer system.  Then, the manager asked me to tell him to have one of their phone-guys log-out of the system.  One guy at the reservation line had been logged in forever and was keeping the manager from checking in guests for like thirty minutes.  What the heck kind of reservation system is that?  Finally got my key, got an upgrade to the "executive king" room as an I'm sorry.-My room's light switch didn't work.  I stumbled around in the dark looking for a lamp and tripped over a chair.  Only one of the lamps worked.-I sat down to watch TV and was pleased to find a list of many channels under the remote.  The TV in fact only had a handful of them.  Bummer.-Went in the bathroom to wash my hands.  The drain on the sink was stuck in the closed position, filling up the sink with my dirty water.  I had to pry it open with my fingernails.  While doing so, another piece of the sink fixture FELL INTO THE SINK.-Went to bed.  Mattress was hard, but I can deal.  Strange rustlings in the molding while I tried to fall asleep.-Wake up call right on time!  Yay!-Took a shower.  The light switch for the shower was on a timer.  The timer only lasted three minutes.  Halfway through the shower, I was out turning the light back on.-The decor - ug.  I felt like I was in a cheap casino.
4	Great hotel! The location is perfect, close to downtown and other hot spots. The decor is very modern luxury. Staff was friendly. Loved the sinks in the bathroom!!
3	I came to Charlotte from for business matters and stayed at this hotel. Walking distance access to stores near the hotel were nonexistent. The hotel lobby decor had a red, black, and white color theme. There was also a pool table that people waiting there can get a quick game going. Upon my arrival here, the front desk was not really busy as I thought. So check in here was fairly quick. I took the elevator to my room and proceeded to walk down the hallway. The lighting in the hallways seemed dimmed and visibility was not that great. When I walked into my room, it was nicely decorated with the hotel's theme. Downside, the room lacked lighting. The view from my room was just the back of the hotel, which was not much. Well I can't complain for the price that I paid for the room. It was an OK hotel. I was always out and about anyways. The hotel staff was fairly accommodating. A negative that happend was getting hung up on by a staff member calling the front desk. The good thing out of this experience was getting my cardio workout from walking from the hotel to downtown Charlotte.
5	After showing up around midnight with a flat tire the staff was super helpful and courteous.  The rooms nice, the bed comfortable and the price great!  Also you should check out the light fixtures all over the hotel and play a game of pool on their lovely table.
3	I must preface this with that I paid a reasonable $99 and that the employees were all very friendly & helpful. The location is fantastic, but the hotel has a few quirks. It seems like they renovated this place in the past few years but only did the bare minimum, and while the hotel appears really nice at first glance the shortcuts taken quickly become apparent. I was disappointed that they make you pay for parking, and the free wifi I saw on their website is for the lobby only (with shoddy connection at best).  I opted to not pay for in-room internet service because I doubted the service.  Not the greatest for a business traveler. Their continental breakfast was pretty standard, and it was held in what used to be a restaurant. It smelled like wet carpet, and they had these strange curtains hanging up that poorly hid what was behind and just looked tacky. All in all...meh.
3	If this hotel were a car, it would be a Hyundai sedan.  A Hyundai having aspirations to be a Lexus.  Glossy, sleek, modern.  But when you look under the hood, it is still a second-rate sedan.  A Best Western trying to be a boutique hotel. Perfectly fine place to stay, very reasonable price, and good location.  Just doesn't have some of the finer things real boutique hotels have.  To start, the bar's finest beer is a Heineken.  Corona is the only other imported beer.  The breakfast was pretty basic too--Hampton Inn Style. (Staff was very accommodating).
3	This could be the most generous 3 star review I've ever given. The Blake is a dumpy hotel that has been partially renovated to be slightly less than dumpy. If you never left the lobby/bar area, you would think you were in a halfway decent hotel. But... Eventually you make your way to your room and the facade fades as soon as you step off the elevator on your floor based on the tired, dirty carpet and spots on the walls. The rooms have flat screens and remodeled bathrooms with fancy basins, half glass shower door, etc. The king bed in our room had ill fitting, almost threadbare, sheets and there is just a general sense of disrepair with things like chipped paint and water stains on the ceiling. To their credit though, the front desk staff on arrival was pleasant, professional and quite helpful. Props to Adam in particular. We were using a Groupon and the promised champagne was chilling in our room when we arrived. They also have a shuttle that will take and pick you up w/in a three mile radius. These are the things that pushed me to a three. Groupon or not, it's highly doubtful we will stay again though.
1	Crappy upgrade to an old hotel. Bad service. Rather Be in the aloft in the Epicentre. Not even close to downtown area where all the fun stuff is.
1	Stay away. This hotel is a fraud.The Channel 70 Productions crew was working a block away and the shoot ran way over schedule into the late hours,  so we got caught in Charlotte overnight. The hotel looked acceptable and had great parking. I walked in to the really nice looking lobby to check out the place and their rates. $99 seamed reasonable, so I booked our small, tired, and, bedraggled, group. I didn't know I'd just become a bait and switch victim.The rooms were horrible. Ratty carpets and decor. Bad smell. A worthless HVAC system. A shower design right out of a Basic Training barracks that sends water everywhere in the bathroom. We're talking nearly Third World here. The staff was professional, but probably embarrassed to work there. It was late and we were too exhausted to go find another hotel, so we just endured. The $99 turned out to be about $93 too high.
1	Don't do it. This hotel has hidden fees all over the place. First there is a parking fee , the breakfast is certainly NOT complimentary ($$), and drinks at the bar are overpriced. Cheap updates to make look more fancy but really have had better experiences at Inns and other much cheaper hotels. There was no TV guide in the room. They tried to charge me for a CUP OF COFFEE on the way out. I could go on and on. I will never go there again and please don't book it thinking it is the cheapest hotel in the downtown area because with all the hidden fees secret exclusions it comes out to be more and more unpleasant.
1	BEWARE of this hotel...it's more like a motel in the rooms. As other reviewers have stated the lobby is quite nice but that is the only thing that is. I would never stay here again and suggest you don't either.The bathroom had pipes that squealed  every time you turned on the water and that includes water from other rooms. There was hair  and mildew left in my shower and the sink faucet dripped into pools of water. The wall paper was peeling and the paint was severely cracked. The heating element is so old that you can't even read the dial and it practically fell off the wall.We used the "shuttle" service to our location and when it was time to be picked up the driver couldn't be reached after we tried for an hour....we finally called management at front desk and he told us we are not going to be picked up because it was too far!!! REALLY?? you dropped us there and left us stranded and it was only 7:30 at night.... Great customer service.....i don't think sooo....The coffee they have in the lobby looks complimentary but how lame is that....they charge for it! The TV in the room shut off randomly and there was no guide for stations.  It would be Better to stay anywhere but here. I read the managers response to some complaints....however they are just words with no changes due to the input!!
2	Well I have to say the outside of the hotel was less than impressive and seriously $13 a day to park by the dumpster!!!! I was very impressed with the bell hop and the check in clerk. The lobby and bar are very nice. The rooms are small and the beds are TINY and the hardest mattresses I've ever slept on. Also, the bathroom was very small. The wifi is NOT free, it's only free in the lobby you must pay for it in your room. The breakfast buffet is $12 and I had a better breakfast at Holiday Inn express. For over $100 a night you are better off staying down the street.
2	Okay - they ARE renovating. But I have a feeling I was in one of the renovated rooms and I can still in good conscience only give this place two stars.I've read here about staff problems, and they seem to have really ironed that out - I found everyone to be attentive, friendly and helpful (I needed a few items during my stay - a corkscrew, fem products - no questions asked, and they delivered in a New York minute, or nearly, with a smile). The rest of my experience wasn't quite as pleasant. While I credit the Blake for offering free wifi in their lobby, they have joined the rank and file of hotels that gouge their patrons with exorbitant "In-Room wifi" fees that are simply appalling. The bathrooms are very poorly designed, with sinks that splash back at you, and showers you can't get into without closing the bathroom door first (and which leak onto the floor). The beds are indeed very uncomfortable - sub-sized and hard, I had difficulty sleeping both nights, as did my traveling companion. The elevators were a little frightening - twice they skipped floors, and jumped (not a great feeling). The lack of a refrigerator to me is never a good sign in a hotel (I like to have a few snacks handy like carrots and hummous and stuff) but no fridge in a hotel that doesn't offer room service is a big problem, and as I said, if I was in a renovated room, I don't imagine this changing (you may want to call in future and see if they've installed any). And I'm sorry, but the fact that a new restaurant is opening soon is no excuse for a bar that's sticky-filthy and service that, while super-friendly, is painfully - almost aggressively - slow.So I give stars to the staff, who seem to have taken past patrons seriously and really made an effort - which deserves credit.And I urge you to make sure if you stay that you at LEAST get a renovated room and bring a corkscrew.And Ambien. You'll need it.
2	Rusty water came out of my shower when I turned it on for the first time. The walls on the renovated hotel rooms are a pale yellow, like from an old Days Inn. The Blake Hotel is far from an upscale experience.The only redeeming qualities of The Blake are the friendly staff and the great views (if you're luck to stay in a room facing the city). We used the shuttle bus to get to dinner, and our driver was very nice. Checking in was a good experience and I felt great about my decision... until the red flags came in. The first one was when I went to park my car and had to park in their old parking lot that had no easy walkway back to the hotel. The next flag were the kids crowded around the billiards table, crashing the balls into each other. The next red flag was the elevator... or scare-a-vator. Finally, our room, while spacious with some upscale touches, was clearly a lousy attempt of a renovation.We had a Living Social voucher, so our Internet was free and we got a bottle of Champagne (albeit a cheap one). Our free breakfasts were ok, but nothing special. In summary, stay somewhere else. I hear the Holiday Inn is a solid choice.
2	Renovating ... still?? caveat emptor don't believe that on your next stay it will be any better : that's what they were saying back in late '05 and I gave them the benefit of the doubt. Maybe a year and several stays later I saw little progress and I gave up on them. Hard to believe that 7 years later they're still playing that same game.I liked the (then) modern decor, the "house" music played in the lobby and the staff was super nice. But the bathrooms were like "Daytona Bike Week"  motels -mildewed dumps and that got old.
2	The Blake is like an old pair of shoes inside a new shoe box.The paint is new. The carpet is new. The elevators are old. The phone in my room didn't work. The ice is on 3 floors of 16. The furniture is new and cool looking, if rather cheap. There is a flat screen TV. But it doesn't get any channels. There is a wifi signal but I can't seem to connect to it. There is an iPod dock, thank gawd. I will say this: it is a hotel. Not awful. But avoid it if you can.
1	Lipstick on a pig pretty much sums up this hotel.  the reviews below are pretty much spot on.We checked in last night.  They weren't able to accommodate our reservation for a king bed room so they said that they upgraded us to a 'City View' room with 2 twin beds.  The receptionist then went on to talk about how awesome this room upgrade was and that it was way better than what we had reserved.  Uhhhh, not exactly.The hotel is being renovated, as mentioned, but the renovations really just look like they are covering up a crappy hotel instead of actually fixing the problems.  The show is ridiculous.  It is impossible to turn the water on without fully stepping into the shower because of the half glass wall (instead of an actual shower curtain).  Then, once you get in the shower, the water sprays everywhere because of, wait for it... Yes, the lack of a shower curtain.The sink is absurd and the drain is not adjustable, so you end up having to take the drain stop out.  Also, good luck finding adequate outlets.  They really need to invest in lamps that have built in additional outlets (like the majority of hotels now have).The elevators need to be replaced and the logo on the elevator walls appear to be made of tin foil, seriously.I asked for the wifi password and it was provided, but when I signed on it looks like they actually charge people for it.The biggest joke, they charge $14 to park over night in their run down, pot holed, ill lit parking lot.Needless to say, I will never stay there again.
5	Nightmare trip to Bahamas left us stranded in Charlotte. Reservations got all messed up but Kyle the night supervisor got it all straightened out for us.  Not fully polished but in a nice part of the city and the service was excellent.
3	The Blake hotel is a work in progress.  It is, overall, a cheaply made 1970's hotel in the process of being renovated into a modern hipster hotel on a budget.  When the renovation is someday complete it will probably be very nice but for now I rate it "adequate".I stayed here for $99/night, so that makes me more lenient towards the Blake's shortcomings than I would be if it hadn't been so affordable.   I'd stay here again if I got that kind of deal.The Good: very spacious rooms.   Firm beds (I like mine firm).  Nice views.  Friendly staff.  1/2 mile walk to the main downtown corridor on Tryon street. Good conference facilities.The Bad: staff are nice but amazingly disorganized and very very slow.  Many things (thermostats, electrical wiring, plumbing) are not upgraded.  Can't turn on the shower without standing underneath it.  As for the restaurant/bar at the Blake: don't.  Just don't.  It's not worth it.
1	I stayed at the hotel for 8 nights during the PDGA Worlds and truly wished that I had checked out after 1. Since I split my time between the conference center and the hotel, I will somewhat divide the review into two parts.Conference Center: They did an amazing job handling 1200 disc golfers and a pro shop, and tournament staff. The conference staff were extremely helpful and fun to be around. A HUGE thank you to Marcus, who went above and beyond helping us during our stay. The guy is super cool, and basically made our stay in the conference rooms amazing. The rooms are spacious and clean. Air conditioning worked fantastically every day. However, the temperature in the large room was extremely cold, but way better then being too hot. 5 stars for the conference area.Hotel: Once you walk up the hallway out of the conference center, everything falls apart. Everything. Other reviews hit almost every point that I will, but it is important to mention them all. First, do not stay here. Not even if you are getting the best deal.Don't be fooled by the lobby, it is the best part of the whole hotel. It will be much better to spend more money down the street. Elevators are horrific. Most of the time waited for 10 minutes, if they were even working. Hopefully you won't get stuck in them like so many did during our stay. Rooms are horrible. Warm, peeling wallpaper, gross stuff on bedding and towels. Bathroom was dirty upon arrival, and even after tips for the staff, did not get cleaned properly. Probably the worst showers ever. A plate of glass covers head and handles so you have to reach in to turn them on with water getting all over the floor from the backside. Sinks, well, be prepared to have water all over you, because as soon as you turn on the water it is going to shoot all over you. They look good, but function horribly. Rust everywhere. Just plain nasty. I am not even going to mention the reason why I had to change rooms in the middle of the night. The restaurant and bar area is smelly and dirty, and after a walk through of the back of the house, eating there was never going to happen. Rude bar staff who have no idea how to treat guests. The young staff are pretty awesome and seem like they care about the guests. I have heard that they are trying to drastically change things at this hotel, but it seems like they should just tear it down and start over again instead of trying to cover up things. I am giving it 1 star. I would give 8 to the conference center if I could, but the negative -7 stars for the hotel leaves me with just one. Sorry Blake, you need to make some serious changes.
1	Probably fine if you are looking for a hostel like experience.  Avoid at all costs otherwise.  Very bad for business travelers and a poor value for recreational visitors as well.  Still cringing at the $12 buffet of make-it-yourself instant oatmeal.A memorably bad hotel.
1	My stay at this hotel was beyond disappointing. I paid $310 a night for three nights. The hotel charged me for six nights though despite an email confirmation stating that I was only supposed to stay for three. After speaking to a few hotel staff and then finally two front desk managers, the decision was made - I was not getting a refund despite the evidence. To my complete shock and amazement, I was personally yelled at by Sheena at the front desk who was the one who accepted the charge of the additional three nights. Mistakes happen and it was fine.  But she didn't want to discuss it at all, let alone work out a resolution. I've never seen anything like this from a hotel. She interrupted me several times and then started yelling at me. She told me to stop talking because she wouldn't remove the charge anyway. I travel quite a bit for work and stay at hotels often. Believe me, this is not normal behavior even for $50 a night stay, let alone $310. Let's just say accounting issues weren't the only problems at this hotel. First, they call themselves a luxury hotel. It's truly false advertising because the hotel doesn't fit the definition of a luxury hotel. In order to be one you have to have at least a 4 star rating along with some amenities and services. This hotel is bare bones and rated at 3 stars. Getting my room serviced was a challenge. Housekeeping did not come to my room at all after 10am. Every time I called for service, I had to wait at least 4 hours for it. On my last day, I left the room at 9am. I came back at 2pm and the room still wasn't cleaned. I called for service and no one came by. Two hours later I called again for housekeeping. They finally cleaned the room at 6:30pm after two different people knocked on my door to see if housekeeping serviced the room. The housekeeper also complained about it and went on and on about internal issues with her manager and colleagues. She even complained about the housekeeping cart and how unmanageable it was. I tried keeping my head down to work and she kept talking. I had to leave the room for an hour because I couldn't take it anymore.Aside from new towels and made up beds, the room was actually dirtier after she left. The bathroom floors had been muddied up from her shoes and she left the old towels on the floor. Old shampoo bottles were still on the shower floor. She also pushed the desk chair in over my computer charger which got stuck and I had to turn the chair over to work on getting it out. It ruined my cable and I had to buy a new one. Unbelievable. The toilet in the room was gross and very loud while flushing. I mean, seriously loud. It was almost frightening. It sounded like it was exploding and drowning a cat at the same time. This certainly added to the bizarre feel of the hotel. The elevators were slow. One was broken, but it doesn't justify a 10 minute wait at 7pm during the week. I stayed on the 10th floor and had to take the stairs several times. I felt bad for the other guests that were older and had to take the stairs also. This was the recurring theme during my visit. Finally, one good thing! The restaurant food was good, although the choices were limited. Nothing fancy, but good burgers and sandwiches. The servers and waitresses were very accommodating and friendly. This was a bonus, and unexpected given how the front desk and other staff behaved throughout my visit.As you can tell from the above, my stay was not enjoyable. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Stay at the Marriott or Hilton or a hotel that actually has their act together and can manage it decently.
1	This place is a pit. I was a national delegate to the DNC from California. Most of our delegation was here. The day before we arrived, part of the facade fell off leaving 7 rooms uninhabitable   No room service, no room charges, terrible restaurant and bar. Breakfast each morning for the entire delegation tasted like plastic food. $310 a night for this" boutique hotel". Rip off. They installed a new computer system days before we arrived and many staff didn't know how to use it properly. One day people got stuck in the elevator for over an hour. My room wasn't cleaned 2 of the 5 days I was there. When I called housekeeping to complain, they either didn't answer the phone or promised to get it done. After three attempts I gave up.   My clock didn't work in the room, lamp didn't have a lightbulb, and the iron was broken. This hotel chain should be ashamed of what they did to the California delegation.
2	If it's a work in progress, they've got to get to work. I haven't been here one night and I'm already dissatisfied. So far issues include:-No working ice machine on any floor-Broken iron and ironing board-Dirty carpets-Falling debris outside my windows-Non-functioning elevators.The one thing that has promise is the bar/pool area which has a good vibe that looked like a fun spot.
2	I stayed at the Blake Hotel for a conference in September 2012. Like other reviewers have said, the hotel is a work in progress. Some pros of the hotel was that my room was recently upgraded, the food served at the conference was pretty good, and when I called for a toiletry forgot, they brought it to my room in a New York minute.The cons of the hotel were that there was no hot water in the area that I was staying in. Other guests from my conference had complained about there being no hot water in the North Tower but I was still placed there the next day despite the issue. The conference rooms were so cold and we were told the air conditioning had been turned down because there was no A/C working on the top floor. We also found that some of the sodas provided by the hotel during the conference were expired. My room was also not cleaned everyday during my 5 day stay.Overall, the Blake is a relatively cheap hotel compared to the others in the area but the low cost comes with less customer service.
4	You guys!  This hotel is totally fine!  The reviews here and elsewhere nearly scared me into paying three times more for a different hotel in Uptown Charlotte, but I ultimately decided to risk it, thinking, "How bad can it be?"  The answer is: It's not the least bit bad.  I went into it looking for things to criticize, and couldn't find a single thing.  The lobby is gorgeous and clean, the staff was friendly, our room was immaculate and quiet, the bathroom and heating/cooling worked as they should, and the beds were comfortable.  Don't be afraid!  This is a great option in a part of Charlotte that is typically wildly overpriced and can be difficult to book at all.
2	This hotel is a bit weird.  YOU walk in and it looks so hip and the decor is wonderful.  The door man was so polite and attentive.  I was impressed but when I got to the front desk it was like the tires screeched!  The front desk people seemed preoccupied even though they were talking to me.  I just didn't feel like my questions were being answered nor did I have confidence that they knew what they were talking about.  The gym is basically non existent but I was promised they were working on it and invited to go to a gym that was across the street.  My room was not ready and was being cleaned with I arrived.  I have patience so I waited.  The bathroom only had a stand up shower in my room, I don't know if that was just my room and the water pressure was really low.  It took me forever to wash soap off of my body and out of my hair.  There was no mini bar or room service.  It has tons of work to do in order to get a better rating from me.  I think I am more disappointed because so much effort was put into making it LOOK nice but the amenities were just not there.  I felt like I was being lied to.  SMH... It is ok if you HAVE TO stay there.
1	No coffee maker...no room service! Ridiculous!!   They were really ill-prepared for the charllotte marthon and serving hundreds of runners. No complementary water or fruit in the lobby. Ran out of coffee and checkout for runners was noon.
3	My family reunion was hosted by The Blake Hotel.  It definitely is a work in progress; but, for the most part I enjoyed my stay.  The room was nice and had a fantastic view of downtown Charlotte, the staff was very courteous and overall, The Blake Hotel was very accommodating to our group.  The only thing I didn't like about the space were the bathrooms.  The design was so modern that it didn't make sense. I'm primarily referring to the shower. There was just a glass pane that only went half way along the tub.  Taking a shower required lots and lots of towels because of how the glass is placed, water went everywhere.  That is the one design flaw that they should revise.  Besides that, it was a good experience.
3	I guess the renovation is nearing completion, as we had none of the negative renovation-type experiences expressed by others via Yelp.If you're into the modern/contemporary look and planning a short stay, this might be a good option for you.  This was a very fancy looking hotel at a price that was lower than other such hotels in downtown Charlotte.The staff was friendly.  We had a spectacular view of the city, were located within walking distance of most of Charlotte's highlights, and the beds were like sleeping on a cloud: they were ridiculously comfortable.That's not to say that the Blake was without some awkwardness, particularly, as echoed by others, when considering the showers.  I think they need another go 'round on the design: you have to be in the shower to turn it on and I think they could have splurged for a SLIDING glass door instead of a stationary panel that only covers half the shower.  The lighting/outlet controls were like solving the mysteries to Pan's Labyrinth, and the surprise $13 parking fee (for one night) was a bit of a let down.Otherwise this was a viable option and for a one night stay, totally serviceable.
3	I love boutique hotels, and the Blake has great style and a certain "facelift" charm. I thought the renovations just added character! You have to consider that you are not paying luxury prices for a stay here, so clearly certain things won't be perfect. The huge ballrooms and open spaces were very cool and the staff was great. The room was comfy. Had some issues with water temperature. I'd still rather stay at The Blake over some cookie-cutter boring hotel, but that's just me!
2	I'm a big fan of ultra modern style hotels like Cosmopolitan and Aria in Vegas but The Blake just kind of fell short for me. I found this place when I was planning my businesss trip and noticed that the rates were pretty good and the pictures looked like it was a pretty solid hotel. I will say the lobby is pretty nice and is designed pretty well. The rest of the hotel follows the modern theme/look but there are just signs everywhere that this is a dated hotel and isn't upkept very well. Arriving at my floor off the elevator I walk out and immediately notice a base board that is basically ripped off the wall. I get to my room, open the door and wasn't blown away like I have been in other modern style hotels. It is decently done, but nothing amazing. First problem: the light bulb in the table lamp beside the bed was burnt out. This was really annoying during my stay. Second problem: the bathroom sink didn't drain well at all and I HATE that. Also looking around the room you just notice little signs of no attention such as the cool design clock on the wall that is like 6 hours off in time and the dirty grout between the floor tiling in the bathroom. I noticed a little hole in the wall in the room also, touched the hole and then something fell back into the wall and made a thud noise....what was that? I thought this would be a pretty cool hotel, but ended up being disappointed. WIth a remodel though and some attention, this hotel does have some potential though.
2	Faux San Franciscan-like...It's as if we found the one hotel in NC that is just like a SF transplant. I loved how contemporary and modern this place was, compared to the old fashion places we were seeing in NC.My room was nice, cool and swanky decor. However, I had the room right next to the two elevators. There was an endless humming noise, not a good white noise, but an annoying humming of an 20,000lb elevator being used 24hrs/day right next to your room...kind of annoying! It was more work to ask to switch rooms than to just deal with it, we were here less than 6 hours total (sleeping included)!The foyer was a nice touch. Lounging couches, a pool table, a little to-go market (tons of Red Bull for purchase), and a small business center. It was a decent walk from the main downtown area, but the surrounding area seemed well lit and not too seedy - so we felt comfortable walking late at night.The staff was very helpful and nice, even with about a 20 person line; their customer service was of Nordstrom/Disney proportions.The only other issue I have with this place is its shower. They tried to get too boughie and it went all wrong for them. So to start, I was enamored with the sunflower shower head. I was also wondering why there was only half of a glass door for the shower, no sliding door, no opening door, just half a piece of glass, that leaves the other half of the shower exposed. As I went to do the shower thing, the water pressure was HORRIBLE. Long hair does care, because it takes forever when the water pressure is horrible. Not to mention with the other missing half of the glass, water was everywhere, all over the bathroom floor. Not a good situation at all.Work sponsored stay...so I can't really complain...
1	My boyfriend and I went for the Mad Monster Party event/convention, and are extremely dissatisfied even disappointed. The reviews below are correct. The toilet in our room is incredibly loud, and there is no shower door. There is only glass covering half the shower which leaves the floor soaked, and if you slip good luck! The bath room sink sits so low, it's not good for tall people. I mean it is sort of such as "lipstick on a pig". It's very estheticly pleasing. However it's very unconventional, awkward and just terrible for the cost.There is no coffee maker (which I love coffee, need coffee and I've never heard of a hotel without a coffee maker).No wine glasses, also I specially purchased a bottle of wine to celebrate the weekend, and could not get someone to provide a wine bottle opener! Front desk said to talk to the bar, the bar said to talk to front desk, front desk had to call the bar and said I could take my bottle to the bar to open but could not drink there.With the hassle of locating a corkscrew, I didn't even bother to ask to borrow two wine glasses.On top of that, it was such a pain and trouble to check in and unload/bring my things to my room.I have to park in a parking lot instead of the covered parking garage closest to the hotel. Why? I'm paying for my room, I should have free parking wherever I choose closest to the hotel. Irritating. Couldn't find a bell hop or a luggage dolly. So I had to make several trips. Very thankful it was a sunny day. For the amount of money it would cost to stay here, I'm extremely disappointed. They are not renovating at the moment.Also, my city view consisted of the building next door for the deluxe king room. And there was this strange little door in our room which opened with no trouble to a storage or water heater, something.Did I mention you have to pay to use wifi??? Extremely disapponted and next year I will be sure to get a room somewhere else.
4	Swanky hotel with great food, great rooms and a good central location.
1	Can I give a place zero stars? Talk about putting lipstick on a pig.  This place tries to lure people in with some random modern furniture in the lobby. Please ignore the pictures the hotel promotes on its website. The lipstick accounts for about 1% of the square footage of this dump. The worn down 60s building and the gross exterior appearance and the old elevators belie what is truly inside the rest of the building.  Let's start with the truly disgusting and work our way to the more mundane aspects that simply point to a hotel owner way in over their head or asleep at the wheel. -Hair in the bathtub.  Not long hair.  Let your imagination determine provenance of said hair on the human body. -Non vacuumed floors in both the hallways and in my room- Untidy hall in general - broom leaning up against the wall, napkins scattered outside of someone's room and air filters and junk boxes leaning up against the wall. -The paint job appears to be the work of the owner's 5 year old or stoned cousin.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt and just hope that the paint splatters on the floor,  furniture and doors were someone's attempt to be artsy and creative.  Either way it is an epic fail. - The staff was nice but seemed completely overwhelmed. It is apparent that the maids are understaffed. - To top it off, Wi-Fi was $9 for 24 hours! The least this place can do is give people too afraid to get in the bed something to do for free all night. The only reason I chose this place is I was thrown last minute into a business trip. Everything else was booked up and the pictures of this place looked promising. Don't fall for it. The Super 8 would have been a better bet and much cheaper.
1	This is a hotel that could be great & maybe it was in times gone by. First Staff is great doing all they can with what they have to work with... It's still being renovated but any standard Holiday Inn would be a better deal. Rooms look nice but lamps don't work... They forgot the business traveler when they did the renovation... The desk in my room is by the window so can't see the TV & no plugs within 8 feet of the thing... Plus they have the nerve to charge $9.99 for internet...The bar/restaurant is by the pool & is a giant cavern... Ordered a steak came with a case knife to cut it... Bartender is a nice fellow but the place closes at 9pm... Really!All in all whoever owns this place or is in charge of the renovation needs to go back to Hospitality school & learn what the public wants in a hotel...
2	Hot water problems, heater problems, dried urine on the toilet seat, and I'm writing this review on the $9 a day internet.
2	Was in town for the Ultra Swim event that was happening right across the street at the Mecklenberg Aquatic Center. We received a special room rate that was negotiated by SwimMac so thanks guys for that. I would have been kind of annoyed to have paid the full rate.As many others have said they are trying to put off that The Blake is like the Mondrian or something like that but it is not. A bunch of modern furniture/interior design does not a good hotel make. (although the lobby pool table was in heavy use by many of the swim teams in attendance)Things seemed pretty clean but the hallways smelled of carpet cleaner or something and the elevators are kinda creaky and you never know which one is coming.Good Points:-Bed-bigger and more comfortable than my bed at home-Location-easy to get to where we were going and other places-front desk received our packages and had them brought to our roomBad Points-the much maligned showers-I don't much love the glass wall/stand up scenario and the water temp was okay when I used it but I HATED the shower head.-my main gripe was with the breakfast situation-breakfast was part of our room rate. The first two days we ate in the Milano "restaurant" portion from a buffet. The buffet was okay although by day 4 if I was one of the coaches or swimmers staying at the hotel I would have been pretty annoyed because it was sub par. We had vouchers for everyday including our fifth morning which was Monday but there was no breakfast to be found-whatever.-Charging for internet/parkingI would maybe stay here again if we were attending the Swim meet but will definitely investigate other options.
3	This is  a frustrating hotel, because so much of it is "almost, but not quite."The renovation is reasonably stylish... but the rooms are badly laid out, with no power anywhere near the desk.The bathrooms are cool-looking... but there's no place to hang a wash cloth in the shower, and the tiny little shower caddy can't hold travel-sized bottles of toiletries, including the ones they supply.The Wifi is fast and reliable... and expensive.The restaurant is pretty good... and unofficially closes for a private party for the bartender's friends at 9:30, when it is supposed to be open until 10.The north tower has four fast elevators... two of which are out of service.It's about a six block walk to anything in Uptown from here... but, hey, exercise!The staff is helpful and friendly... to a point, but that point comes when you ask for anything that is even slightly outside of standard, and you are met with a varying degree of blank to cold stare.It feels like they want to be a San Francisco boutique hotel (complete with attitude), but they just don't have the budget or chops to do so. If you are paying a convention or discounted rate (I was paying $99/night), it's not terrible value for money. More than that, though, and you have better options.
1	I stayed at the Blake for the Southeast Linux Fest this weekend and was excited when I first set foot on the premise. I was impressed by the decor at first and thought to myself, "Surely, if they have this kind of decor, then this is going to be a great stay." Well, I was wrong. Dead. Wrong.Two of the biggest faults I found with the Blake is that for a business that purports to be in the hospitality industry, the staff, by and large, is inhospitable and the service leaves a lot to be desired.  Let's talk details.The average room price is $250--for that price, you'd expect things like a complimentary beverage or two in the rooms, a fridge, etc. No fridge, and water--bottles of Dasani are $2. So not a deal breaker, but I've paid less for a room that had far more to offer in that respect.  Me and my colleagues woke up and went in search of breakfast our first morning.  After being directed to the restaurant, we found that there was a breakfast buffet which consisted of mediocre offerings and was ~$10-12. So, save your money and go down the street to the Original Pancake House. We made that decision on our 2nd day at the conference and provided with quality food, excellent coffee (which the Blake doesn't have and let's face it, is kind of a staple for sysadmins), and service that blew me away. Speaking of things that are essential to sysadmins--let's talk WiFi.  While the SELF conference had WiFi available for conference attendees, it wasn't able to reach to the upper floors.  So, when needing to do work in my room, I was forced to pay for WiFi ($9/day).  I paid it only because I didn't have a mifi on me and tethering with other colleagues had put me at close to my data cap.  But really, you have a conference of technical people and don't provide free WiFi to the rooms? Yet another strike.My cause for writing the review, and perhaps the thing that just pisses me off is the general lack of helpfulness of the staff. When I asked questions, I was given a sullen "No" the vast majority of the time. For example, I was told quite pointedly "No" when I ask if there is a microwave for my leftovers that I can use. Here's what gets me: This is my first visit to Charlotte and the Blake had a very real opportunity to increase its business by making my stay out of this world and making me want to come back. Instead, they squandered the opportunity. I will be back to Charlotte, but I won't be staying with the Blake.
1	Where do you start when it involves waterbugs, poor plumbing, stolen possessions, poor service, and perhaps one of the tackiest "hotels" (I should have stayed at a super 8) I've ever stayed at. I just can't go on with this review.
3	I am going to have to agree with Christophe P's summary of "almost, but not quite".  It looks great.  Cute stylish colorful decor, looks totally boutique-y.  The staff have been pleasant enough but I did run into trouble when I needed more K-Cups for my room.  The front desk seemed a little irritated by the request and then housekeeping brought me cups, literally.  When he understood my request he brought me exactly what I needed so fair enough.  Location is central but just out of the middle of things which could go either way just depending on who you are - I appreciated the quiet of being just left of the dial.  I loved the shower - especially the shower head, i felt like I was in a waterfall, but sometimes I do prefer an epsom salt soak in a tub, especially when standing on my feet all day at a trade show.  The towels were awesome, so much so that I tried to see who made them but they just said "exclusive".  I had room service my 1st day, but nothing the 2nd day.  Didn't specifically request it either day so I'm OK with that, but it was random.  Remote to the TV was missing, never found.  I connected to the WiFi but was not aware of any charges associated with that so I guess I'll have to look into it.  The elevators were hit or miss.  2 worked while I was there, not all 4...and they were slow.  The parking situation actually became a problem for me because I checked in during Beyonce's visit to the city.  People going to her concert took all of the parking spots and it took me about 40 minutes to check in because of the line.  All in all not a terrible place to stay and I am pretty sure the rates were very reasonable.  Just little things - details that you would expect a place touting "world class" to have nailed down by now.  My impression is that they are not keeping enough staff on hand to take care of all of this stuff or they are not paying the kind of money they need for staff that is trained enough to go that extra mile... Could be great though, with a little more attention to detail.
1	The website is misleading - it's not in any way a modern, boutique hotel. You get a sense as you drive up that it's not good....lobby attempt at decorating is over-reaching and misses it entirely, but real issue is that it's dirty. Like hair everywhere dirty.#sadbananas
