4	We enjoyed our stay at Premier Inn.  The room was about $15 more than we were looking to spend, but was probably about 5 times nicer than places we'd previously stayed in at the price we were after.  All in all, it ended up being like $70 for a HUGE room with parking right outside our door.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  They have a nice lounge, complete with vending machines, along with laundry facilities, a pool, and a hot tub.  We didn't use the latter 3 I mentioned, but would have been great to jump into the water if we weren't in such a hurry.The room was clean, the bathroom/shower was nice, and the overall stay at the hotel was a positive one.  Definitely recommend this place, especially for the price.
4	Stayed here for the night. $58 for one king size bed. Pet friendly hotel. Check out is at noon. Room and bathroom was super clean.
3	This is probably the closest place to Desert Sky Pavilion/Ak-Chin Pavillion/Whatever it is named. It is a $7 cab ride or within walking distance.With that said, the place seemed clueless on check-in. The price on their screen was showing something wrong, they didn't tell me where my room was, and some people came in complaining that their non-smoking room smelled like smoke. The parking lot in the back was packed with semi-trucks (not a problem, just saying).Guess what, my room also smelled like smoke. Oddly enough, the room was labeled non-smoking but there was two ash-trays in the room. Not sure what that was about - maybe the hotel just likes to tempt people? Don't know!Room was hot when we walked in which made room smell even more strong of smoke. I didn't change rooms - I grew up in a smoking household and the people staying with me were smokers.Room did cool down eventually. We went to the concert and came back. Waffle House is close by as well as Jack-In-The-Box for your late night drunk stumbles.For $70/night for 4 people was it worth it? Maybe. I've stayed in Las Vegas for $70/night and that was obviously much higher class. It was nice to be close to the Pavillion but I'm not sure if the price is justified. Don't get me wrong... I'm not expecting to stay at the Venetian. This place is owned/co-owned/franchised with Super 8 Motels so that more-or-less the caliber place you are chosing here.If you just need a place to crash after the concert at the Pavilion then this is a good choice. If you insist on staying right in that part of town, this is one of the few choices. If you just want to come and get blitzed, this also may be a good place to go. If you can head away from that part of town then I'd opt for that.
4	4 stars because it's what I expected for a 50 dollar hotel room. It was clean and quiet and had what I needed. TV and a refrigerator. I was going to stay at the hotel next door before I saw this one for 100 dollars less. They look the same and this one had better reviews. Only negative is the front desk girl. She has a really bad attitude. She is the super skinny chick with a ugly tattoo on her chest that says believe. But for 50 bucks I dealt with it. If you are going to stay in the Glendale-phoenix area and are looking for a decent room that's inexpensive this is it.  It's a 5 to 10 minute drive from the University of Phoenix stadium. All others are over 150 bucks.
3	Not a 5 star because of the front desk clerk First off she was a total b*tch. The boney one with the tattoo on her chest (believe, in tiny lopsided letters). She was uninformed about the hotel, all my questions were re-asked and answered by the housekeeping manager. Not one smile from her and she rolled her eyes twice while I was looking directly at her. GOOD FOR A KING BED FOR $50/NIGHT THOUGH. The room smelled alright. Stains all over the carpet. I wouldn't recommend being bare footed inside that place. I didn't pull back the covers so I'm not sure how clean the bed was. (We brought our own blanket and bedsheet which we laid on top of the hotel blanket.  The largest towels in the room were ex-small. After our outting we arrived back to the MoMo at 10:30 pm and no one bothered us the entire night. LAte check out (NOON). While leaving there were crackheads running up the open rooms asking for money. There is a car wash across the street where I witnessed some hoe-action (prositution). front desk clerk at check out seemed nice. I'd stay there again because of the price but I'm definitely coming strapped.
2	Hmm. OK, not quite as cool as the reviews led me to believe. Yeah, it's cheap, and there's reasons for that. First of all, Tolleson is an ag community that is slowly developing. Still lots of farming in the area, but not much retail. There's a Sam's Club across the street, and a K-Mart about a mile away, but otherwise, forget about shopping for anything you may have forgotten to bring with you. There are a couple of real downsides to staying here, which are (in order):1. Directly across the street from a car wash which also functions as nightly show 'n shine for the local thump-and-rev Mustang crowd. Any weekend night, you hear the kids' cars taching up to redline repeatedly as they show off to their buddies/rivals.2) Clustered just off the freeway with 2 other motel chains. One is more expensive, the other is LESS expensive, making the Premier Inn the place all the itinerant truckers and farmworkers choose to party at on the weekend. It goes on into the night.The rooms were very clean and well-maintained, if older. I haven't seen a tube TV in a hotel in a long time! Non-smoking room, but plenty of ciggy burns in the bedspread, chair seats, etc. WiFi is available, but not for free. There are two levels: cheap and unsecured, or less cheap with an SSL connection. (Usually hotels pimp you for the speed upgrade; in this case it's not being hacked. I'm not sure which is worse.)On the plus side, there is a  Waffle House within 2 minutes' walking distance, so there's that. But I don't think this place would be my first choice again.
4	This review is from the same guy who gave the review on the Victory Inn motel so listen up peeps!!!! This motel is like Night&Day....this is a very comfortable & relaxing motel with NO ROACHES!!!!! If I would have checked the reviews before I went to Victory Inn I never would have checked in there. ..You will get a minimum of 65 stations compared to the 5 you get at Victory Inn....Like I said- Like Night&Day all day!!!! This was such a nice stay that I decided to stay for the weekend!!!! Very nice room&very nice T.V. and guys..the receptionist is very nice looking too!!!! I will definitely come back to this motel in the near future.....Big Ups to the Premier Inns....... I'm Done.
4	So the first time we visited Premier it was literally a place to sleep. It smelled and was hot when we got to our room. On the second round it was actually a decent place to stay. Still only used it to go to concert at Pavillion and not have to can it all the way home.
