1	AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!! The Owner is an Animal. As I was outside the umbrella came flying out of the table and hit my car and almost hit my wife. The "owner" could not have been less remorseful. I told him that it was a safety hazard and he replied; "What do you want me to do about it?" I then shook my head and told him he was an idiot, at that point he tried to start a fistfight with me. This guy is out of his mind and should most likely be in prison!
3	First time checking this place out so I ordered their namesake with carne asada. The difference between their regular burrito and a super burrito is that the super burrito has everything the regular burrito has (beans, lettuce, tomato and cheese) but has sour cream and avocado. Price difference was about 1.50. To me the price difference was a bit steep because the burrito itself was not all that big. You would think a "Super Burrito" would be a pretty nice sized portion. The burrito comes with chips that they made themselves from scratch. You can tell just by the taste alone. The only thing I thought that was lacking was that they don't give you much chips to begin with. Of course if you want more you have to pay extra. Since I was dining in, they gave me two squeeze bottles of hot sauce. One was red (spicy) and the other was green (med). Both were I thought very flavorful. Their establishment was pretty spacious and clean. The employees are friendly. They asked me several times if I needed anything and that everything was ok. Overall I had a nice experience. I just thought that their burritos especially their "Super Burrito" should be a lot bigger in size since it's called that. My burrito satisfied me but I feel I should have had a hard time breathing after eating a "Super Burrito".
4	The first time I saw their sign i lol'ed because it says Super Burrito Super Good!To my surprise i actually really like the super burrito. Fresh made when ordered. The restaurant is clean and people are friendly.
5	Man everything on the menue os good and they give a taste of there product. I got a burrito with carne asada inside and green sauce pork. Soooo good!!!!! The owner is a very friendly guy.
5	I love this place!  I first expereinced Super Burrito at an office party.  I ordered the pork tacos and was blown away by the freshness and tastiness of the taco.Needless to say since that office party I have been to the Henderson establishment at least once a week.  I usually get the carne-asada quesadilla, taco and enchllata.   A friend of mine recommended that I try Roberto's  taco show and boy was I disappointed.  I could not, for the life of me, understand how anyone could eat there if there is an option like Super Burrito.If you like fast & more importantly FRESH Mexican, this is your spot.  The only thing I don't like about this place is that they do not use refried beans.   They use pinto (i think?) .  I can not allow that to affect my ratings, since that is a personal preference.
4	OMG the chicken bowl was great - I'm on the HGC diet & it's hard finding a place to eat out - so I figured Mexican - boy was I right! I ordered a chicken bowl with only pico .... it needed Nothing else ... really satisfying.  Place was clean & spacious modern... Staff was very friendly, gotta go back & try the beef one... keep you posted.
2	I have been to Super Burrito a few times.  The sign has always caught my attention.  I mean I like regular burritos, but a "Super" burrito sounds better.  I went on my lunch break and the I couldn't make up my mind.  I mean there aren't that many items on the menu.  I was pretty sure I was going to get a burrito.  That makes sense right?  The guy watching the counter was really helpful.  He made a few suggestions and told me what he sells the most of.  I ended up just getting the carne asada burrito.  You can't go wrong with grilled beef.  It was made pretty fast, so if your are here for lunch, don't worry about waiting too long.  The burrito was a good size.  It wasn't huge, which was ok because I didn't want to fall asleep at my desk when I got back.  The burrito had a big garlic taste.  That was the only thing I didn't like.  The taste stayed with me the rest of day.  It was just a little too much.  The meat was cooked perfect and the tortilla tasted good too.  I drowned it in the green salsa they had.  If you are in the area or on a lunch break you have to check this place out.  They have a drive thru if you want to take it to go.  Cheers!
3	Pros: Pretty good burritos.  Good street tacos.  I have found better.  They do have really good Chile Verde.
1	So go thru the drive thru and get ignored. No one answers then decide ok I will go inside. Once inside the only person in the place doesn't acknowledge I am there while he is making good and I am there at the counter waiting 20 min and not one word. WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!
