5	When Guadalajara burned down I was bummed Madison lost its only passably authentic Mexican food.  This place just opened up and it's as good as Guadalajara was.  For people in town who miss the authentic stuff, check this place out.Complementary homemade chips and salsas are served as you decide your order.Staff is really nice and the place is cheap.  We tried all the meats...  I think Carnitas was the best but they were all good.
2	Tucked next to a laundromat, you almost don't notice a new restaurant popped open here.  The space is minimal without a ton of character with tables in the front, a long bar stretching towards the back where a ramp takes you up to a more open seating area.  Given that they'd just opened, the liquor license hadn't been secured quite yet but they were confident it was on it's way.Our server offered us one tattered paper menu for the three of us, then later returned with a second. I wasn't sure why there weren't enough menus to go around, given that we were one of three tables in the place.  While Mexican food is never my favorite, I was bummed to find only one vegetarian option on the menu:  cheese quesadillas.  Really?!  Not even some veggie fajitas?  I asked the server what they could do to zip up that quesadilla and she indicated they could put in some veggies.  When I asked what veggies were available she replied "lettuce, tomato, onion, and cilantro".  Umm.  That's it?  Sigh.  Entrees don't come with side dishes, beans/rice are a la carte (about $3 I think). Entrees were about $7-8.  One side of beans/rice is generous and could probably serve two people as long as nobody is a bean-hog.  All the carnivores enjoyed their food, the chips and salsa were good, and the service was so-so.  But if we're going out to spend $ on dinner I'd like to have a few options besides a cheese quesadilla with lettuce and tomatos.  Oy! Hopefully these are start-up hiccups and the menu is still in development, but I would need to see some major menu additions before I had an interest in going back.
3	If you are simply looking for good, authentic Mexican food then you have found it. If you are looking for good service, or vegetarian options then......you might want to go somewhere else.I will admit, we visited shortly after they opened but they simply have a long way to go and probably would have been better off not opening so early. The timing of the food was off so the kitchen isn't up to speed either on how to make things so that it all comes out together and our waitress didn't have any idea how to answer the questions being asked of her?However....all that being said - I will give it another try simply because the burrito I had was wonderful but if the service is still poor I won't go back again.
5	Very good!  The El Pastor taco was our favorite though the chicken was great, too.  Our kids liked the rice a lot and ate most of it for us.  Even though my son spilled his lemonade when he got it, our server got a rag and mop and offered us a new table.  I didn't slow our meal down at all.I would happily go back for those tacos and to try some of the other options that I was torn between...
3	I ate with my boyfriend at this restaurant a few days ago and we ordered some tacos and my favorite was the al pastor one, the pork was tender and it had a good flavor, the chicken one was ok. My boyfriend had some tacos of lengua (tongue), steak and al pastor and he thought they were ok. Rice and beans were the same as la bamba, a a kind of dried rice with refried beans. The salsa and chips did not have anything special, I also tried a chicken tamale and the flavor of the dough was nice.
5	I just went here Sunday with a girlfriend. Impeccable service by Salvador! They must be reading reviews because every need was met and thensome! He offered us drinks, we don't drink alcohol so he made us small fruity frozen blended drinks that were so yummy! Their salsa was fabulous, plus choices of habanero and jalepeno salsas. Everything is made there including their flan which was so amazing! Taking my husband there tonight and my family from out of town this weekend. Give them another try, their food is great and service was excellent!!
