4	This is actually kind of classy for a sports bar.  They have a really nice interior with lots of TVs all around so sports fans can be sure to catch the game.  The service was really good, the waitress was really friendly and gave some really good suggestions.  The grilled chicken sandwich was excellent.  It tasted really fresh and wasn't overcooked like some chicken can be.
2	I do not share the excitement of Rebekah for this place.  Why is it a sports bar has to look weathered, dirty and old.  I swear people design these places trying to make it look like it has been there forever.Okay, so that is the decor which is just so... well... un-exciting and predictable.The food.  Hmmm... see above.  un-exciting and predictable.Service was okay.  The staff seems engaged and want to do a good job but I swear (and I know I am harping back on the decor) the decor sucks the life out of you.  Where is the energy?  Excitement?When I look for a place to catch a game, I want a good TV, lots to view at, good food (doesn't have to be great, just good), cold beer and servers that care and try.I will end up trying this again because of friends driving me there... but not my top choice.
4	Delicious. Burgers.Rebekah is right about the atmosphere, but William does make the point about the decor. However, I dunno what happened with William's experience but BOY, was it tasty!!! I went with family and ordered the Mushroom/Onion/Swiss burger, Hickory Honey burger, and Chicken quesadilla. All were fantastic and full of flavor! The burger (M.O.S.) was the winner with a full, robust, mini-cake sized beef patty and the most gooey Swiss that melts in your mouth. Yes sir, that is tasty. Oh, and the fries were a meal alone. They were thick, rustic cuts of potato the size of fingers(yes, fingers. I measured) with light seasoning. Again, yes sir! THAT'S TASTY!Umm please note that my family members ordered the other stuff. I'm not a professional eater. But if I was, I would come here for training.
1	Went there last night.  We waited ten minutes to get drink orders. I think this was a problem with no one being assigned to us.  Once we had a waitress the service was above board.  Great croissant bread.  The big problem was the kitchen.  My daughters chicken was not cooked all the way.  The manager came out and apologized and asked if she would like something else.  She just wanted the chicken, but when she got the cooked through version it was rubbery and salt soaked.  Worse part was the bill.  I was shocked to see not only were we charged for the chicken, but we were also charged over 7 dollars for 2 helpings of bread.  The bread was great, but not $7+ great. I've never been charged for bread. I was okay with a charge of a buck or two, but $7?  For the priceof the total meal we could have sat down at a good local restaurant and gotten much better food.
4	This is a great place.  In fact, it's the "go to" place for the group of friends we hang out with usually.  The pros include the people (meaning a fantastic crowd on most nights), the food has always been good (wings, burgers, quesadilla, nachos, sliders, etc.), a great selection of beers, and a ton of tv's to catch the game from every seat.The cons include a little of the decore issue William mentioned.  Yes, it's a little predictable.  Also, it's not the cheapest bar you'll find.Basically though, we don't go to bars/restaurants to enjoy the decor on the walls.  They're not trying to be some quaint joint that attracts a specific eclectic demographic.  This is a large suburban bar who attracts a broader spectrum of customer.  They do it right.  We go for the gathering of old friends and to meet new friends.  We also go to eat, drink and catch a game.  Regarding the prices, if you don't want to spend $4 for a beer, there are many other places in South Charlotte, but you won't get what you get here.I've actually frequented their location on Providence Rd. many times as well.  Neighter location calls themself a sports bar, but they're the best sports bar near where I live.In summary, I recommend it as a casual hangout with friends to eat, drink and catch a game.
4	I have only been here once and can't even remember specifically without looking at a menu what I ordered. But, it was among the best hamburgers I have ever had in my life!I have been to a few sports bars for football games as such and the food is always what you would expect out of sports bar. And while I'm not sure if Hickory Tavern is considered a sports bar or not, the food is certainly above par for what you would expect out of similar places.I have no problems going back.
4	Great Food, Great Service, Great atmosphere. Always have a drink special. Always enjoy going to Hickory Tavern. The wings are great and if you want a twist to wing flavors pick two flavors and they'll mix them. Great place to meet for business or just to hang out.
4	Had the seafood bayou plate with salmon.Tasty rice, decently healthy steamed veggies, and the shrimp were tasty.Fish was a little salty for my taste...
4	This Hickory Tavern, located on 521 just north of 485 is a great location for lunch meetings in the area. Quick & friendly servce, and the food is always great. Fiesta Salad, Chicken Tacos, Fish Sandwich or Tavern Burger are the way to go. For those of you on a diet, I can attest to the lunch meal of veggie burger, no-bun and a double side of steamed broccoli.
5	Great place for dinner with kids. Great kids menu with choices other than fries for sides. Staff was very nice and food was very good! T.V.'s everywhere! Nicely priced
4	Food is good here and they always seem to have my favorite draft craft beer here. Their chocolate cake is so good. Need a gallon of milk to go with it. It is for those addicted to chocolate.
3	Met some clients here for dinner after work. Got there a bit late, so the waitress was just bringing out everyone else's dinners. However, apparently they got all the custom made salad orders wrong. I learned quickly and ordered a signature salad: the fiesta salad. The fiesta salad has BBQ chicken, corn, black beans, romaine, and mexi-ranch dressing. The flavors were all great, but the chopped chicken pieces were awkwardly large as a bite, and the chicken::BBQ ratio wasn't quite right. Smaller pieces please!Also, the sound was a bit loud for cross-table conversation. This seems to be a trend in some of my recent reviews... maybe I'm just getting old :(
5	If want a place to go watch a game and have better than most bars for food and real good service...this is the place for sure.Lots of good TV's, good beer selection at decent prices (specials).  The food is good and sandwiches well above average.  Service has been great every time I have been there.Casual atmosphere and nicer than most taverns.
5	I love this place! I have been here several times and because it is in my apartment complex it is an ideal spot to meet friends.  My server, Kristin, totally out did herself yesterday.  I was having a "Fair-well" party since I'm moving out of state so we were expecting at least 12 people. She was accommodating once my guests brought their friends (additional people) and I was freaking out because I wish people would RSVP.  Well, she took it all in stride as she moved us and was extremely attentive but considerate of our many conversations at the table.I thought this was the best service because even though she knew she was guaranteed an 18% tip that didn't stop her from being funny and professional.The food and drink specials were wonderful and my guests had a great time!HT, you will be greatly missed.
4	Good bar for food and drinks. We always stop by when we are in town for business. The potato chips are addicting and the sweet potato fries are my favorite. I don't know what they drizzle on top but it's like crack. Cravin some now!
4	Let me preface this review by saying this is the only Hickory Tavern location in Charlotte that I would recommend.  I have had mediocre to abysmal experiences at every other location I have dined at (5+ other locations).  However this location always seems to get the job down.  They have recently revamped their menu and offer a decent selection and quality of food. As this place is primarily a sports bar the TV setup is always important, and they do an optimal job of providing ample TV's facing in easy to see locations. They also have a good projector setup in the dining area.  I would personally recommend the nachos, they serve you heapings of it that is impossible to finish alone.
5	Hickory Tavern has always been an up and down experience for me, but recently they have came a long way with their food. I've noticed probably about  two months or so ago they changed their menu a little bit and added the "build your own salad" concept. I love it! The salad options are out of this world and it arrives in a perfect portion tin bowl (to keep it cold). The salad is chopped all together with the dressing mixed in. The options are amazing because you are able to create so many different varieties of salads. Other than their salad options, I have eaten their burgers, chicken sandwiches, and wings. I have never had any issue with their food and for a bar type atmosphere, differently recommended. They have more T.V's than any bar I have ever been too, so watching a game is never a problem. One problem is the service. We always tend to sit at the bar because the servers take forever to come by the tables. Other than that, I love it! I'm about to move to Orlando and I will miss my Hickory Tavern food!
3	Good place for a drink and some snacks.  The oysters are awesome.
4	It's difficult to find a place for a quick bite on a Saturday in Ballantyne that you don't have to wait to sit down on a Saturday night @ 6:30, especially when you have small kids.  Hickory Tavern is one of those places.  Went tonight for dinner, we've been to this location before and have had mixed feelings but for the most part they do a good job.Was able to sit right down and was greeted by a friendly server.  I ordered the Blackened Chicken Sandwich which was "ok" seasoned and topped with pepperjack cheese, lettuce tomato and onion.  The chicken was cooked nicely and wasn't dry.  I have to give a special shout out to their salads.  For a minor upcharge you can get a salad instead of the fries.  I have to say their salads are top notch.  Plenty of lettuce, diced tomatoes, chunks of ham, hard boiled egg all put together very nicely and I went with the old favorite honey mustard dressing.  There wasn't an ounce of anything left in the bowl since it was so yummy.The place is nicely laid out with plenty of room and seating.  They must have 50 TV's scattered around showing different sporting events.  We have been there before during basketball season and had to leave since their mega sound system was playing the game and all you could hear was the shrieking of the players sneakers...it was maddening.  Tonight they had music playing and it was just fine.  I've been in Charlotte for quite awhile now and have been to many Hickory Taverns and like this one the best.  As Arnold said in the Terminator "I'll be back"
2	Oh Hickory Tavern, why did you do this to me?  Now that I'm Yelping regularly, I come in today for lunch with the family and you completely disappoint me!  Here's the "good"....They had every football game imaginable on, so I was able to watch TV to distract me from the fact that the service was sub par and the food was worse.  I wasn't incredibly hungry, so I figured I'd have the small nachos.  Please sit down if you're not already, but Taco Bell has better nachos, oh yes, I said it.  Plain, barely salted nachos, diced flavorless tomatoes, sliced jalapenos, a small amount of cheese and a dollop of bad foodservice sour cream.  The chili, which I ordered on the side was equally as bad.  I tried to jazz them up with some salsa, I had to wait for 10 minutes for the waitress to materialize to ask for some.  She then disappeared for another 10 minutes and when she returned she plopped the most disgusting tasting foodservice salsa I ever had in my life in front of me with a "sorry".  Very disappointing.  I also ordered an unsweetened tea, which was very watery and the fact that they charge $3.50 for a drink is insulting, but if it was good tea, I wouldn't have noticed the overcharge.  I don't know what to say, and I have been here before and it was pretty good.  Today, Hickory Tavern you failed me.
3	I was asked to organize an informal dinner gathering for our office, and decided to go with Hickory Tavern. We had between 25 - 30 people RSVP so, I wanted to make sure to choose a place that served something for everyone.  The menu is good in this respect - plenty of appetizer options, salads, sandwiches, and all sorts of entrees. They pulled several tables together for our group, and the only downside was that the tables were all in a line so it was a bit tough to socialize with folks at the other end of the table. I am not sure how to best configure the tables,  but I didn't really like the way it was set up.  The only other problem was that we had 2 servers assigned to our table, but we still found the service to be a little hit or miss.  I expected a much higher level of service for a "corporate outing" where we were ordering plenty of drinks, apps, and dinner.The other disappointing thing is that we had our event on a Thursday night, so there was some sort of ladies night event going on.  This would not be a problem, except there was an abnormal amount of bar noise and constant annnouncements over a PA system.  This wasn't very conducive to conversation at the table.  I would consider giving them another shot for a future outing, but I would definitely avoid the ladies night and would want to check out how to better set up the tables for a group event.
3	Went for lunch today with the family.  Nice, quiet Saturday.  I have been in during College Basketball season before and it was way too loud.  It was different today, and they had many TV's showing many games but the volume was down so it was nice.I have always liked the atmosphere here and they have a nice menu with lots of choices.  Their prices have gotten a little high IMO, the build your own salad is $8.50 to start and a few dollars extra for each protein.  A lot for a bowl of salad.I ordered a Pepper Grilled Chicken Sandwich, minus jalapenos.  The grilled chicken breast was HUGE and unfortunately it was unseasoned and very tasteless.  I had to get a side of mayo and use lots of salt & pepper to wake the chicken up a bit.  Fries were stale and cool.The service was fine this time, and the waitress was attentive and knew what she was doing.  I do give them props for the game room in the back....it offers a nice distraction for the kids while you wait for your food.  $.25 Skee Ball also RULES!!
3	I've never really walked away from this place thinking "OMG, that was an awesome meal".  But that's ok, it's not really built to suit like that.  What it does do really well is provide for some late night grub and some friendly staff.Decor is your typical sports tavern style with memorabilia adorning the walls and TV's located everywhere.My most recent visit was a late night one where I just wanted a good meal and not too much fuss.  The waitress we had was almost happy to see us and that in and of itself was pretty amazing because I know if I was working into the wee hours like that I'm not sure I would have had the same perkiness.  Oh well, she was happy to oblige with our orders and the chicken sandwich I ordered came out perfectly cooked and was devoured!
1	Terrible experience.   Brandy is perhaps the worst waitress I have ever encountered.  Food is average at best.  Do not bother, there are a lot of other options in the area.
4	I gotta say to the guy Richard S that he is way off base.  I actually sat in Brandy's section tonight by myself and could not been treated better.  I travel a lot and regularly sit by myself and have to say she offered excellent service that was timely and very friendly.  As far the place, the grilled wings are awesome!  Great job Brandy and Hickory Tavern!
5	So, I am on my way to the gym saw this place driving by.it's rainy Sunday almost four in the afternoon.so,I am like the gym is open 24/7 why rush? Go get some wings and oysters, flush it down with bloody Mary and then go on the treadmill.Make sense, right.I checked my swag and walked in. Warm welcome by summer-dress-tanned-hostess.many tvs, protectors, huge row tables and cool crowd. fresh oysters, and you must try charred wings.aamazying! Not very big draft selection but great atmosphere! It keeps raining, but I am going to the gym regardless!
3	My husband and I came here with a couple of friends to watch the basketball playoffs. Silly us, because it was also the All Star Race before the Coca-Cola 600. They had all of their large TVs devoted to the drivers walking around in their fancy pants suits...yay....They do have a nice selection of cider, for a pretty good price (most under $5). They have your typical bar food, which is typically pretty good. During the week they have a drink special, but all in all this place is a take it or leave it, we came because it was convenient type place.
3	good place to watch a game and friendly staff. Burger and sweet potato fries were pretty tasty
4	What a place. I haven't had oysters this good since I lived in Florida . This is THE place to watch football. I drive from Forest City to eat and watch games here.
3	Walking distance from my cousin's apartment and it has the college football games (plural) we want to watch? Duh, we're going there for lunch.A cousin clan of 14, they let us move the high tables around so we can all sit with each other. There's nothing that necessarily stands out food-wise here. It's your average sports bar and grill: burgers, chips & queso, tacos, sandwiches, etc.They do have local brews, which was cool for us out of towners to try. And when I say "us," I really  mean my brother, boyfriend, and other cousins. Me? I don't drink beer. Pretty cool spot to watch a game... or attend trivia on Tuesday nights! I saw the ad by the bathroom and SO wished I was in town for that. Darn.
3	Met friends and family for late night drinks. Excellent service and great beer selection, but the lone guitarist was too damn loud. You think he was playing for a crowd of hundreds, and there weren't more than 50 people. My ears hurt after hours of it. Even the wait staff agreed.
3	So I've been here enough to be crowned "The Duke" on my handy dandy Yelp app.  I like it here because it's an affordable place for me to take my kids and get a decent meal.  Let's face it, it's not the Capital Grille and I know what I'm getting when I go.  Apparently they're doing well since I see they're now building a new location closer to my house.I've figured out that I really like their burgers.  Hickory Honey Burger seems to be my favorite.  I like to order it with one of their awesome side salads (for an additional $2.50 upcharge) which is worth every penny IMO.  The only problem is that they absolutely, positively cannot manage their ticket times well enough that I can enjoy my salad.  It comes out and within 2 minutes I get my burger.  PEOPLE THIS ISN'T RIGHT!!!  Now I'm forced to rush through my salad, which I really enjoy, so I don't have a cold burger waiting for me on the backend. I explained this to both waitresses who didn't seem to understand what I was talking about or why I was unhappy.  Perhaps it was my sarcastic tone, I don't know.  Last night she took my burger back and set it under the heatlamp until I was ready, now I have a crappy burger.  Next time I will bring a timeline on how shit should be served and hand it to the waitress so I don't walk out with a case of heartburn from rushing through my meal.
2	I visited with 1 friend/coworker, a 3rd party coworker, and a friend from the area. We shared an order of dumplings which were tasty. My friend loved them, but I was disappointed because they were fried and I expected steamed which I like better.  We also shared an order of crab dip which was mediocre, and there wasn't enough pitas for the dip, which always seems to be the case.  We ordered Seafood Bayou - which was Blackened Tilapia & Shrimp over Tavern Rice with Cajun Alfredo, Tomatoes,Scallions & One Side.  My friend loved it, I just thought it was edible.  The fish didn't taste fresh, so I'm sure its just frozen, and the blackened seasoning tasted more like jerk to me. The rice tasted like one of those rice mixes you get at the grocery store.  The 3rd party got a quesadilla which was rare for her because all she eats is burgers and fries, she seemed to enjoy it.  I would try it again, but not for seafood, maybe for wings or one of the salads.
3	Good food and an amazing selection of cocktails.Bartenders are friendly :)
4	Pleasently surprised with this place since we didnt know it was chain until afterwards.  started offs-crab dip-3 potstickers-4mealboth had Seafood Bayou-blackened tilapia and shrimp over tavern rice with a cajun alfredo, tomatos and scallions.    For a side I had a salad which had all kinds of goodies in it!  Salad-5 entree-5.   Overall rating=4.  I would go back to this place anytime and overlook the fact that its a chain.  At least its a chain I don't have near me!  Dessert=beer
3	I recently visited Hickory Tavern for its Music Trivia night.  I thought it music and trivia but sadly it was just naming the title and artist after listening to 45 second sound clips. Still a decent time but I sucked and rode my team's coat tails. The establishment is huge and clean. There were several servers tending to our large party so getting drinks was not a problem. $4 tall Blue Moons isn't too shabby either.  Only thing I can hold against this place is that its more of a family restaurant than a tavern. The actual bar is pretty small compared to the size of the place and the sound system was close to being inaudible.
4	Great place with tons of choices and both a bar type area with high tops, great for watching games on the flat screen tvs as well as a more quiet area with tables for small to large groups. The make-your-own salad was fantastic - fresh ingredients and lots of options - as was the California chicken sandwich. But the best part about it was our server Alison. Super friendly and attentive. She gave great advice when we asked for suggestions too. Would definitely recommend.
4	Great place to watch any sporting event . The have almost every fight. We came in for a UFC fight Jones vs Texteria. We had a great table not that there is a bad table with as many tvs as they have . The service was good and they had good drink specials.Tough to find places airing pay per view that do not find a cover. So while this isn't close to home we will definitely be back for a fight.
4	My favorite of all the Hickory Taverns in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, plenty of room in both the dining room and bar, great beer selection, and always a place to watch any sporting event on TV. The food is good, especially the oysters, salads, and tacos. The only potential drawback is the staff. You'll either get somebody who is experienced and great, or somebody who is struggling. It's definitely a place to check out, especially if you're looking for a laid back place that can handle a group or want to catch a game on TV.
4	We had a great first visit. The atmosphere was good (probably great for a sporting event as they had lots of TVs) and the food was great. I had Cedar Salmon and Oreo Cheesecake and my wife had Shrimp and Grits with Chocolate Tavern Cake. We enjoyed it and look forward to a future visit.
5	Very nice outdoor patios ( they have two ). A lot of TVs. Nice beer selection ( 92 to be exact ). A very nice relaxing atmosphere. Menu has something for everyone. California Burger with avocado is very good.
5	I needed to grab a drink and I loves the drink specials. $3 drafts on a Friday night. I would definitely come back with more people. There are tons of TVs and the outside seating is comfortable. I also tried their mozzarella sticks and they were great. The server was very knowledgable and helpful. It close to my apartment and I will be back.
5	Great experience.  Traveling from out of town, and took a chance on this place.  The food was mostly bar food, but very good.  I had fish tacos, my husband had wings and the kids had burgers.  We were all very pleased with our food.  Our waitress was super nice and very attentive.  We loved the atmosphere.  I bet there were 25 TV's including several huge TV's.  The kids loved that there was a skee ball machine and a basketball machine.  The basketball got stuck and the manager came over, climbed on the machine to get the ball, and then gave the kids money to play another round.  They thought that was awesome!  Overall very pleased with our experience.
3	Great bartenders, good drink specials.
3	This is the first restaurant I've been to that doesn't have mashed potatoes. Decent food though.
5	Best place to watch the games in a Ballantyne. Great Food and drink specials. Big Bar area with first come first served seating. Friendly and cool staff.
3	Pleasant bar experience to watch MNF.  Courtney steered me in the right direction for an IPA and entree; Button Wood IPA had a smooth, hoppy bite and the mushroom/swiss burger on sourdough was tasty.  Go in with the expectation that your going to a tavern for a beer and pub food and you'll have a good experience.
