4	This branch is a really neat building, located on the NW corner of Dysart and McDowell. The staff is really friendly, and nice, very helpful. I once had a problem that they were able to solve and believe they went above and beyond their duties to accommodate my needs.My new DSFCU location.
3	They print like 50  pieces of paper before transactiin is done. Their printers are slow too. But the people are nice. What I did find wierd is that I was looking at a moniter while she was working on my transaction. It shows every camera angle on every customer. I can see a man type his info on the little pad for a brief moment. I just thought it was funny to see close ups of faces at the counters too glad I didnt see mine lol.
5	This credit union is one of the best I've been to. Every time I come in the lines move fast, the tellers are happy, and there are never any issues. I actually bank through a credit union out of state but because they have shared banking they take care of me here as if I have an account through them. I have even considered switching because of the great consistency in customer service.
4	This branch of the Desert Schools Credit Union has the best customer service hands down!  I have never had a bad experience at any Desert Schools Credit Union branch which is why I left my national bank with the first two letters of the alphabet along with the word "of" in between the letters who has the worst customer service!  My wife and I did not want to take a chance with the Target data breach and went into the branch this afternoon to have our debit cards replaced.  We had made transactions during the breach timeframe and urge any of my fellow Yelpers to cancel your debit cards and replaced if you're in the same boat!  The last few times before this visit we had personal banker Yvette help us out.  She is so pleasant and very knowledgable in her job.  If you're a member at this credit union go see Yvette.  Funny side note, every customer was having their debit cards replace.  These personal bankers need to wear sneakers the next few days with all the walking from their desks to the debit card printer.  I would not recommend any establishment that I would not use myself or tell my Mom to use.  This financial institution has the best ease of doing business I've personally dealt with.
5	This review is strictly about one of the reps cullen. I was having so many issues with my account and credit card through them that I was getting ready to leave to another bank. Cullen worked worked with me for a month and put up with all my non sense but in the end made my experience with the bank awesome. Highly recommend him if your having any issues
