2	Just like every other Home Depot. Lots of inventory. A few American-made products and lots of cheap foreign knock-offs. A small handful of the staff knows what they're talking about, but the vast majority don't have a clue. And they're quite illusive; good luck finding somebody if you have a question.Don't buy paint here, it's really inconsistent. And they've mixed the wrong color for us more than once.
2	What the eff Home Depot! I've been 3 times now and each time nobody has any idea what's going on there! Well, nobody until I reach the 3rd associate who's able to guide me right where I need to be. But by then I've made my way through the entire store looking for a product that's generally right where my journey began. If you're looking for humidifier filters or a pumice stone to make your toilet bowl shine... you're screwed. Wait no, here's the deal. Humidifiers are up front near the exit, filters are located in the same aisle. Pumice, your guess is as good as mine. I've found them in the cleaning aisle and the hardware aisle. Last time I threw in the towel after 20 minutes of searching (just keep them in the same place) and bought a grill stone which I'm told works the same.
3	I kind of hate shopping at this place. I am not handy whatsoever (!!!) and usually can only be dragged here to look at plants. So I went there a few days ago looking for shelf brackets. I had a picture in my phone, just in case. I asked a person, who asked another person, who showed me some but then saw the picture in my phone and showed me some different ones. None of them looked close enough (I HATE returning stuff), so I said 'forget this'. Then I went to look at plants. I found a lovely vining plant marked from $19.98 to $6.00. Of course it rang up at $12.98 or so. I explained to the friendly young man working the garden center register, who called for assistance. That individual walked over to see the plant in question and snottily pointed to the price tag. The kid at the register told him it was wrong and where to look (based on my description) for the $6.00 sign. He found it, it was adjusted, and I went home with my plant. The plant is gorgeous, otherwise I'd be pretty tempted to give them 3 stars. (Oh, and I found the correct brackets at a local hardware store when an old man working there saw me wandering around and chased me down to help me. SERVICE.)
1	We had special ordered doors which were delivered late. We received no notice that there would be a delay and calls to the millwork department went unanswered or a long time was spent on hold waiting for someone to be tracked down. In-person visits were very stressful because there was never enough staff in the department and oftentimes there was no one around at all. Overall we've not had problems with the store but after the experience we had with the millwork department it is doubtful we will ever return.
4	I am reviewing specifically the Chicago Hot Dog Cart in this Home Depot. I Love it! Who in their right mind does not want to go to a store on a Saturday afternoon shop and then have one of the best Hot Dog's in Madison? I'm just saying for $3.00 I can have a Chicago style hot dog loaded with all the fixins' including a kosher pickle. It's great.My wife gets the chili dog and swears by it. She also has said on multiple occasions at the Home Depot that the chili dog is one of the best in the area. Who would guess that a small little hot dog stand sitting in the Home Depot was so awesome! I'm telling you, instead of running out to your car to drive back home and think about doing your weekend warrior projects, take a minute and snag a hot dog at the cart located inside the entrance of Home Depot.Vienna Dogs, true Chicago dog style! Great hot dog!
3	First - Hardware Area:I have mixed reviews.  Sometimes the help I get is great.  It is usually in the garden section or the holiday section.  However, in the flooring and tile section, they are pretty callous.  As someone who does not know much about these areas, I was under the impression I could ask questions.  After all, the commercials always show a friendly staff.  No.  Not really.  They are so knowledgeable that they are unable to relate to the commoners.  So mixed reviews on the staff.  The prices?  Gross.  I shop there when I have to.  The sales will undercut the competition but they definitely do not hold back with how much they charge you.Second - Hot Dog standYour prices are a bit high.  $3 for a hot dog?  Take it down a little, just a dollar.  But they are great, authentic and delicious.  If you are there shopping and you need a break or a quick lunch?  Definitely the place to go.
3	Quick-n-simple review:+ Indoor lumber yard+ Logically laid out+ Decent quality lumber- It's best to know what you need and how to use it; staff isn't terribly knowledgeable+ Nice selection of tools (hand, power, pneumatic)- Unless tools are on sale, they're a bit more pricey than other places+ Plenty of check out lanes, including self serve check outs
