5	I've never lived in Chicago, but sometimes I sure miss Chicago Dogs. And though there are some places to get a reasonable interpretation of a Chicago Dog, none of them really hit it right in every single way...until now!Uncle Al's uses their very own dogs and that's part of what makes this place so special. Their dogs "snap" when you bite in, just like a good Chicago dog should. (They have skinless for you wusses that don't understand the true nature of a good dog.)Aside from Chicago, they have about another dozen styles of hot dogs -- all of them wrong except the Chicago. (Ketchup?? On a hot dog? Ew!) They also have a variety of other sandwiches and burgers, but if you have any sense in your head, you come here for the dogs.Aside from the dogs, they have real french fries. They're kind of limp but for some reason, I still really like them. I've tried the coleslaw twice and regretted it twice. Stick to the dogs...and the limp fries.
4	I just got back from Vegas and my good friend had taken me and my wife there on the way to our hotel. I had no clue what this place was but it was really cool. They have a lot more than hot dogs. The beer was cheap, the dogs were good and the desserts were not bad either. I had a Boston Dog and it was better than I thought it would be. Its a small place so good luck finding a place to sit on the weekend. This place was good enough for us to go back before we had to go to the airport to come home.Peace Out MZ
5	I went here during the lunch rush on a Friday and this place was packed.  I was able to grab a table right away because the gal was quick to keep them bussed.  I ordered a number two thinking the dogs would be small like a Nathan's dog or something you could get at a grocery store.  I was wrong, they are big enough to need their own basket.  Luckily I was able to talk my husband into eating the second one for me.  Even though the place was busy, we were checked on four times.  I walked out the door stuffed and the bill, less than 20 bucks.  I will be back.
4	My husband and I went here today, on a Saturday. We've passed this place several times and always said we'd eat here. If it wasn't for the need to go to Lowes, we would have missed out on how great this place is! It was around 2:30ish so we must have just missed the lunch crowd. As we were looking over the menu, I know I was constantly changing my mind of what I wanted. Then I saw the bratwurst and my mind was made up. Same for my husband. In fact, we decided to order two of the #3 (brat, drink, and fries). I ordered my brat with K-up, mustard, cheese, and onions (Yum!); the fries the crinklely ones and my husband ordered his with the spicy mustard only; the fries traditional.We were not disappointed with our food at all. In fact, we both wanted another despite already been stuffed. A couple for the road maybe? As others have mentioned in their reviews, these dogs do have a "snap" to them when you take that first bite. It's the way a dog or a brat should be. All dogs and fries are made fresh when ordered, which you can tell. The refills on your drinks are free and automatically served in those take-out cups so you can fill up before heading out the door. Even though we both got the brats, we will definitely go back (Lowes stop or not) and try their other dogs. The space is kind of small but I think it addes to the atmosphere and there's counter sitting as well. This restaurant also had a warm, friendly feeling to it. I also get the feeling it's family run which is great to see. We highly recommend Uncle Al's!
5	Once a summer, I allow myself the childhood pleasure I rarely indulge in HOT DOGS!Ohmygosh, a girlfriend and I walked into this place after repeating the name several times and giggling. Let's do it, I ordered the "New Jersey" in honor of my roommate Steve who is from Jersey. It included delic green peppers, onions, mustard and ketchup with a perfectly crispy bun. I was in hot dog heaven, it seriously hit the spot. The spiciness with those onions. Score!What a great hangover cure, HOT DOGS. Who would think it? :)
4	Previously called Famous Uncle Al's Hot Dogs & Grill -could not change the name on the other listing so I started a new oneWhat I ordered:Dr. PepperLas Vegas Chili Dog $4.40  - white sausage sage chili, pepper jack cheese, dill relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream & spicy mustard As I waited for my LV Dog, I was looking to see what kind of beer they had on tap. They have Amber Bock, Sam Adams, Bud Light, and Root Beer...wait... what? (does a double take) ROOT BEER on tap?!! I don't think I've ever seen this before. When my server brought my LV Dog out, I asked him how the Root Beer was. He brought me a small cup to try and told me they get it from Milwaukee. The root beer and my LV Dog were yummy!I am definitely going to come going to come back and try a root beer float (made w/Breyers Ice Cream).
5	Let's get down to the food (even though the UFC was playing - extra points!).I had a Chicago dog and my wife had a cheeseburger, and we split an order of fries.Brilliant. And the price was rockin'! Will definitely be back. Staff was very friendly...ie, when the fries were done they brought them out so we could start eating while the dog and burger were still cooking.
2	Simply less than mediocre.  If your thinking about going, do yourself a favor and don't.  You don't have to be a 5 star chef to put some semi creative toppings on a freaking hot dog.  The only reason I didn't leave pissed off as apposed to mildly disappointed was because the prices were cheap.  Maybe it was my fault for expecting so much for such a low price, I should have remembered the age old saying,"you get what you pay for".  But seriously people if you are craving a good hot dog either go to Pinks, or go to the store buy $10 worth of ingredients and get down with some good eats at home.  The End!
5	Quite possibly the best Hot Dog I've ever eaten!  This place warrants 5 stars not only because the food was great, the service was excellent and our party even received a free hot dog because the waitress mistakenly thought we ordered an additional hot dog and ended up just giving it to us anyways. I'd highly recommend the Chicago Dog.  It had the right amout of crispness and bite.  The onions were savory and the dog itself was pretty spicy.  This place is also very reasonably priced.
5	Ok, I've seriously died and went to Artery Clogging Heaven!  This place is Awesome!Among other things, I really enjoy Burgers & Hot Dogs....and this place has plenty of it!  There were so many things on the menu, I didn't know where to start.....So, I went with a Pastrami Cheeseburger (Pastrami, Grilled Onions, Provolone, & Mustard on a Burger)....and a Regular Hot Dog.Since I was dining solo, I sat at the counter behind the Grill.  I waited patiently and watched the short order cook prepare the artery choking goodness for all the patrons and myself.....that was fun.After about 10 minutes my order was up.  I went after the Pastrami Cheeseburger first.....wow, it was tasty.  I liked the proportion of Pastrami to Cheeseburger.....some places put too much Pastrami and it overwhelms the burger....not here.  I also liked how well the Grilled Onions tasted.....they were chopped in med sized pieces which I prefer to the larger sized ones you find in some places.  It was so good, I didn't add anything to it....I ate it as it was served.Next, I added some Mustard to the Regular Dog and bit into it.  I felt a familiar ~Snap~ as I took that first bite.....awesome!  You don't find too many snapper dogs around town, so I was pleased that I did.  Every bite was full of Hot Dog goodness.There are so many varieties of Dogs & Burgers here, not to mention side dishes that I want to try.Will I return?  I guarantee you I'll be back at least 10 times to try other stuff on the menu.
5	There is a wide variety of styles to have your hot dog and also 3 different dogs to choose from- skinless beef, beef w/ natural casing and a white pork and veal hot dog. You can also get the different styles with several kinds of brats and sausages. They even have vegetarian options. Think of all the combinations you can make- it was very hard to decide for me! Other than their namesame dogs, they have appetizers- from fries to fried pickles, burgers, hot subs, salads, and entrees like shrimp baskets. Wide variety of food, so there's something for everyone. I got a white pork and veal hot dog Chicago style which is a dog with onions, relish, tomatoes, sport peppers, mustard, dill pickle spear and celery salt on a poppy seed bun. Delicious, fresh flavors and ingredients! The pork and veal was something different and wonderful. There is a sausage I love called Weisswurst (white Bavarian sausage made w/ veal and bacon) that it reminds me of. The sport peppers are a nice touch....I rarely see places have these and I should have asked for extra. The BF got a beef dog in natural casing Streets of New York style which is a dog with red onion sauce,sauerkraut and mustard. Sauerkraut had still some crunch and the onion sauce with it made for something simple, but very nice. We also shared beer batter fried green onions which came with a wasabi mayo. The mayo isn't spicy, it is lightly wasabi flavored and the batter on the beans was perfectly seasoned and crisp. FYI- If you get any entree, drink and appetizer they will count it as a "combo" and will take 10% off the total of those items. They have Sprecher Root Beer (on draft not the soda machine). This is one of the quality root beer sodas out there and a must.  This is coming from someone who is not a soda person and only has soda a handful of times a year. If you're feeling on a quality float (they use Breyer's), come here.  They don't have too much on draft, but have a decent wall of bottled craft so next time I come for a dog, I definitely have to hit for a dog & a cold one. Just lately haven't been on a beer w/ food mood. I'm someone who doesn't eat hot dogs often and isn't a big, so when I do I want to get the best. Unfortunately, no one has impressed me in years and never has it been a place that doesn't have a huge following with a line around the building.  BF says it's the best hot dog he's had and this is indeed, to me, the most solid place for hot dogs in Vegas. Yes, I know we have a Pink's on the Strip, but believe a LA native (who ate at Pinks, at least once a month)  when I say it is a pitful copy of the original location and even as a independent shop can't hold it's own. Why go to a subpar place (that is pricier to boot) when you can come here? This place is a sweet little diamond find and should get some praise for the foods taste and quality and the attentive service.I told my BF that I can't wait to be back.  I said this as we were still sitting there finishing the last bit of green beans.
5	Yes, we were here on Sunday, yes I know it's Tuesday, but we had to be back soon. After a long day at the doctors and still having another appointment for car repair services, we were out of our minds hungry and at that point you can't think critically, you think with your stomach. The tummies agreed to come here again and the BF and I decided to take his mom and grandma along. I love me Chicago style and there's was pretty nice so I decided to have it twice. For a variant, I got mine with a Hot Smoked Sausage instead of a dog. The sausage had a kick of spicy, but isn't mouth burning. BF got the Las Vegas Chili Dog which has white sausage sage chili, pepper jack cheese, dill relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream & spicy mustard and of course with a "snappy dog". It had a herbaceous quality about the chili because of the sage which was quite nice. Mom got a chili cheese dog and grandma got a skinless ball field dog which has ketchup,mustard, onion, relish. Both were silent, just focused on their food and finished everything for  "bird appetites". Got crinkle cut fries for grandma and and cottage fries (fresh cut, skin on). I like cottage fries better, but I love crunchy skin. Got also beer battered  mushrooms- these were alright, but still the most amazing side is the fried green beans. Got the raspberry ice tea since I noticed it's not in the vending machine, but a brew dispenser. Yep- not Lipton! It's lightly sweetened and flavored so it was pretty good. The staff was friendly and service is good. In particular one of the cooks who brought up our food was so friendly and helpful. We really love this place. I'm a person who doesn't hold much love for American fare nor have cravings for that fare, so that fact I do enjoy this place I think says a lot. Yes, I can't wait to be back again.UPDATE 8/15- I got the Mob Boss- sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, 2 mozzarella sticks, marinara, and parmesan and got a spicy smoked sausage instead of a hot dog. Lots of flavors, but delicious! BF got the Cole Slaw Dog w/ some chili...simple and nice.
4	This place is down the block from me. Drive by every day. Decided to give it a try. Two words...It's Great!!. Greeted promptly. Self seating wherever you want. Two TV's to catch your favorite sports game. Menu is vast burgers to hot dogs and everything in between, including vegan!!. Had a combo Chicago Dog/Fries/Drink. Dog was great..had that snap when you bite in, dog was wonderful. Fries good as well crisp/hot but not greasy. Service was good, server checked in once or twice. For your meal pangs when you want something you really crave (but shouldn't have), give this place a try
5	Ive been a regular customer since day 1 and have yet to find something I dont like on the menu.Right now my favorite is the Vegas Burger. If youre looking for a good chili burger this is the place!! They also have a Vegas dog but the burger def wins my vote. The atmopshere and people are always friendly. The food is made fresh when you order and the service is alwasy quick.Another favorite is the grilled chicken sandwich. They make it any way I want depending on the mood Im in that day. The options are many!
4	This place is tits ( real good)
5	Words do no justice... this place serves out of this world hot dogs with all kinds of fixings.  It was seriously hard to choose which one to order!  But no problem, since hubby and I will definitely be going back to sample more!   This time, I ordered the New Yorker - topped with onion sauce, sauerkraut and spicy mustard.  The casing snapped when I bit into it.. heaven!  My husband tried the Chicago style and it disappeared down his gullet in seconds!   In addition to hot dogs, they also offer bratwurst, Italian sausage, chicken sausage, kielbasa, (+ more but I can't remember all the types now), also crisp fries with all kinds of toppings, burgers, fried shrimp, fish and chips, salads, etc.  The place was hopping when we visited, friendly staff, happy eating people - a winning combination!   For me, a real Northwest Vegas hidden treat!
4	will wait to go a few times before bumping to 5 stars....but first time was awesome!had to get the LV chili dog...delicious. that sage chili rocks. and the dill relish compliments it ridiculously well. dog itself was good, too. paired it w/ some cottage fries w/ cayenne sour cream to dip in and a big cold sprecher root beer, on tap no less.place has a great looking menu (good selection of creative dogs, sausages, burgers and sammiches), nice selection of sides (fried pickles and green beans!) and a surprisingly decent beer selection (for a hot dog and burger grill). plus malts, shakes, etc.and....they have vegetarian options. my girl is vegetarian....want to take her here so she can try a beer brat! (kinda curious about how a veggie brat tastes myself....)
4	Excellent Hot Dogs, Burgers, and a BLT loaded with what looked like a whole slab of bacon. I tried all three with a mountain of fries smothered in thousand island dressing and cheese.  Washed down with a malted milkshake and then contemplated going straight to the hospital afterward in anticipation of clogged arteries.  I'm still alive so I'll be back.
5	Went by today for lunch. I have to say the LV Chili Dog was as good as it gets!!! Place was clean and so was the service. Met Guy the owner and chatted with him for a bit...Nice person, It's like you have known him for years. Will be bringing my family by for lunch or dinner soon.
5	5 stars off the bat!  Wanna know why?Because the food is great and the service is greater!  I ordered the Mob Boss, and I shared the Vegas Chili Cheese Fries with my gf.  The Mob Boss had grilled onions, mushrooms, bell peppers, with marinara sauce and 2 mozzarella sticks on top with parmesan cheese to top it off, and of course the dog, it snapped every single bite I took. Fresh natural casing! Mmm!  And the Vegas Chili Cheese Fries were unique, it wasn't your average ground beef, onions, and beans chili, it tasted like broken down Italian sausage in it.  I didn't need ketchup or any other condiments with it because everything was THAT good!The dine-in setting was a little small, but I had no problem with it, they had sports playing on the TV's and they also have bar seating!  Servers were cool and they made sure everything was OK with us.  I'm glad I finally tried this place out after driving by it how many times now.  I'm definitely gonna be a regular here knowing it's close to my house! ;)
5	It takes a lot for me to try a new place without word. But a place like this must be good if my daring order for something new was outrageously delicious. And if you must know I'm the type to always sauce up whatever I'm eating... But this time I didn't even touch the ketchup bottle. im talking about the vegas chili fries!! So, here's my word... Be daring here cus it's totally worth it.
4	Went to this place after reading some reviews on yelp and I definitely wasn't disappointed! I got onion rings and the las vegas chili dog..soo amazing! I would go to this place again :)
3	Not to often I want a hot dog for dinner, so when the craving hit , we headed to great links because of the great reviews. I had the New York style( onion sauce saurkraut)  the weiner it self had a nice snap when u bit into it , the onion sauce was like a watered down ketchup with onion pieces in it. The bun was kinda soggy at bottom , maybe supposed to b that way ? Never been to New York,  so I don't know, but  I find it hard  to believe a new yorker or anyone for that matter would buy this hot dog at a cart only to have it drip all over them.           We also ordered the pastrami on rye , the meat was plentiful,  but a little salty for me , wife said  not salty , may be me.                                We also got fried zucchini and chili cheese fries . The zucchini was awsome nice batter and crispy. The chili cheese fries were good , chili tasted like canned stuff to me . The sides zucchini & fries came out first , we were almost done with the sides then came the hot dogs. It was not busy, so the wait confused me. I don't think hot dog should take so long .  The menu is huge and looks intresting , so I will b back to give it another shot.      Service was friendly, but a little slow.
3	As a kid growing up in home were mom didn't work, we rarely ate hot dogs. She always cook for us. When we did picnic's at the lake, or camping which we did a lot in the summer months, we'd eat hot dogs roasted over an open flame. Chili cheese dogs came later, and I didn't get to experience gourmet dogs until my adult years. Today we tried Great Links, and I was surprised at the different variations of hot dogs. If you want new experience try this place. I had the Chicago dog with fried zucchini sticks. My husband ordered the chili cheese fries with the New York hot dog. The bun became soggy with the liquid from the relish? And when I went to pick mine up, it kinda fell apart in my hand, and with each bite, the toppings fell off and the hot dog came through the bottom of the bun. We watched the guy make them, so we know they were not sitting for a while, but still yet, who likes a soggy bun? The flavors of the peppers, pickle, tomato, onions, and green relish worked well together, the hot dog itself had a little snap to it, so I assume it was close to the real thing, however, I would try a different dog next time. As for the sides, the zucchini sticks were plentiful and had good crisp to them, but the chili on the fries did seem canned. For a hot dog, this place was just okay. I'd try it again, just because of the variety on the menu. The staff were friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxed.
4	Great Links is a great place for a great meal.  I love the food choices, and I especially love the people that work there.  You can get a snappy dog with tons of toppings for cheap, and some killer fries, including my favorite--the Grill Master Fries (it's an acquired taste, though): fries tossed with thousand island dressing, grilled onions, then topped with melted cheese.  Ew?  Maybe.  For me?  Yum. :)If you want a nice place to run in and eat, check them out.  And if you're brave enough, grab some grill master fries. Don't blame me if you think it's crazy and weird. I warned ya!
5	Every time I come here I experience great service and get great food.  The staff is awesome and I have liked everything I have ever eaten here.  Thank you Mike for the Shock Top Beer Brat, that was awesome.  This star bump was long overdue from me.
4	There's no place like Great Links! There are very few places that you can go to here in Las Vegas where you actually feel like you're not in Las Vegas. And Great Links has the formula to make you feel like you're one of their own! The first time I had a Great Links signature hot dog, I tried the "Mob Boss" (pictured). I can't even come up with the words to describe how full of flavor (and calories) it is! Their hot dogs are tasty, the marinate sauce wasn't special, but was still good, the peppers are grilled, and the best part is the mozzarella sticks in it! YUM!One of the treats that Great Links offers is their fresh raspberry iced tea! SO BOMB! it's taDAfor! The staff is really friendly and welcoming and the environment is really chill. If you go there, you'll see that this place has definitely made an impression on Yelp because of all the stickers all over the place. The time I came here was for a Laker game and the flat screens they have up sufficed for the entertainment and the cook (I forgot his name :x) is a HUGE Laker fan also! He made the dinner interesting with all the cheering and comments to the tv screen.The setup of Great Links isn't like any other place here in Las Vegas and I'd have to say, aside from the great customer service, it would be the coolest part of this great Vegas spot! There aren't a lot of places set up this way so it makes it even more special! Their menu includes vegetarian dishes, beer brats cooked and marinated on the spot, a ton of different variances of their hot dog recipes! They also have sausages for the hot & spicy lovers out there. Their Italian fries are a basket OD garlic-y goodness! I highly recommend extra crisy shoestring fries! Perfect addition to any hot dog combination! I also tried their Vegas fries! This isn't for the light-hearted French fry lover; or even the heavy hearted (HIGH IN CALORIES, but good!) but if a friend orders them, grab a fork and grab a bite! Definitely worth a try!I will have to come back to try the rest of their colorful palette of hot dogs and fries! Their great customer service bumps them up a star also! Go great with Great Links! :)
4	Found this on Yelp.  Amazed to find that it was a former Famous Uncle Al's since we come from Virginia Beach, the birthplace of the Uncle Al franchise.  Great links has expanded on Al's menu in a good way and we all enjoyed our picks from the big menu.  if you are in Virginia Beach, stop in the original Famous Uncle Al's on Shore Drive and meet the man himself - it's an experience.
2	The second time eating here and both times less than satisfied. The first time I was so excited to have a childhood favorite Frito pie, but too my surprise the chili was sour like the meat was bad!!! Then the second time I thought just try something they are known for... Hot Links!!! But even that was gross!!!!!! The only reason why it gets two stars is because my child loves the Grilled chz sandwich even if she told the lady she wanted chips and got fries!! Oh well ...Good luck!
1	Alright, I went to this place after reading the great reviews. So maybe my experience was based off good expectations. However, I ordered the southern hot dog and my wife got the Chicago dog. I also got home-style fries and she got the mozzarella sticks.  The hot dogs were alright and tasted pretty good, nothing amazing and I found them comparable to Sonic's hot dogs. The mozzarella sticks probably came straight from the freezer from Costco or the like and were nothing original. The home-style french fries were disgusting. I think they let the potatoes set out too-long, because the fries tasted bad, were very soggy, and lacked any taste other than oil. I do not know how it is possible to have a burned soggy fry. The service was horrible. The owner was there when we went and it was not busy at all, but we had to wait 15 minutes to order even though our waitress was sitting directly in-front of us watching Sponge-bob Square-pants. We were clearly ready to order for at least five minutes before because we decided to fold our menus up to make it even more obvious that we were ready to go. When we left, we went through a similar situation, not sure if we should just walk up to the cash register at the front or wait for somebody to come to our table. We finally decided to ask somebody to ring us up and we were off. This was a really lame experience, especially after the great reviews.
5	I love this place! Everything is Good. Can't go wrong.
4	You know a hot dog is amazing when every single bite has that great crisp as you bite into the casing and at Great Links, you get that in every bite. But it's not just an amazing hot dog restaurant. There are tons of things on the menu from hamburgers to polish sausages to fries and philly cheese. Don't forget to try the fried pickle spears! They even have a selection of beers on tap to go with that Chicago dog complete with bright green relish.The only reason I give the spot four stars is because of the size. They definitely need to expand but wasn't too busy when we stopped in.They even have breakfast on the weekends although I haven't tried. Definitely recommend this spot for a great lunch!
4	Vegas needs more places exactly like this! Not only do they make amazing assed hot dogs, they also have something called a pastrami cheeseburger (I CAN HAS?). Their menu is extensive and goes anywhere from a plain hot dog to full on Chicago dogs and Caesar salads.  For such a small place they had quite the selection of beers (by the bottle), too.     I went with the Chicago dog and was excited to see they use the bright green relish. I have never been to Chicago, but I feel even the most extreme purist would delight in this party in your mouth. The wiener (hehe) was crisp with every bite and the toppings were fresh! The service felt familiar and could be confused with anywhere but Vegas. I haven't even gotten to the best part... The Cottage fries. Made fresh with each order, they are fried to perfection and lightly seasoned with sea salt. No ketchup needed. I will go back just for these. I hear they are crowded on Sunday Mornings, next time I go I'll be sure to go for breakfast.
4	I can't believe I ate here and didn't order a hot dog! I wasn't extremely hungry yet intrigued by the grill master fries mentioned in previous reviews. They were everything I had imagined and then some. The grilled onions were caramelized to perfection. The fries were fresh and crispy. The thousand Island dressing was tangy and sweet yet not overpowering. The melted cheese was the perfect amount not to smother the fries completely, I was in french fry heaven! The service was super friendly and fast. I will return to try more menu items!
5	I've been slipping on writing some Yelp reviews lately...I write so many papers for my major that often I don't feel like writing a creative accolade for the places that I do enjoy. But for Great Links, I'll make the exception.When I was 17, I was having the time of my life running around Philly and Brooklyn.  I was on an extended vacation (months) visiting my relatives and was bouncing between the two cities. It was my first east coast experience, and it was incredible. What I remember the most was not the sights and the sounds, but it was the food. OMG the food...how I miss it.Great Links is able to bring me a little slice of what I remember and loved most about Brooklyn and Philly. Another reviewer said it best: The moment you step inside the doors, you don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore. Suddenly you're in a casual, intimate little retro diner where you can place your order at the front, or grab a barstool at the counter and watch the cooks prepare your food. Heck, you're so close you could even chat with them - but I try not to, because they're busy cooking 20 things at once. For the east coast, these types of joints litter every street corner. For Vegas, it's not so common. It makes it all the more special.Everyone there is really nice. The cooks/grillmasters are awesome and very talented - I can't seem to cook more than one thing at a time without burning it all on MY stove, so how they manage to do it so well is beyond me. They chat to the customers when they can, and make sure that you're doing ok. The servers are also friendly and attentive. I've even met the owner, and he's a very personable guy. And he works hard too, because I've watched him bus tables when it gets really busy. I've never seen a owner do dirty work at any other restaurant, so he has my respect.The menu is extensive and delicious.The portions are huge and extremely affordable. They have more than hot dogs for those not in the mood, as well as salads for those of you that are a little more health-conscious (I am not one of those people). They have a breakfast menu that I'd like to try someday - if I can ever convince myself to wake up before noon on my days off.In addition to the food, they have the usual soft drinks, milk shakes, malt beverages, bottled beer, and even some beer on tap. Never have tried a milkshake, because I usually get filled up on my entree, but they look good, and I am tempted.During lunch rush hour, expect to wait a little bit longer for your food. This is not a slam against the restaurant - everything is prepared fresh, and it gets seriously busy. I don't mind waiting the extra few minutes for good food. I believe you can call ahead and place a to-go order - so if you're short on time and not dining in, this might be a better way to go.I can't say enough good things. I am a happy customer, and I'm pretty picky about where I spend my money. I appreciate a place that serves good food and brings back happy memories of a long-time-ago.
4	I've been here a few times and have not been disappointed.  A great dog with a great selection of toppings.  The place is clean and tidy, something I always look for before I eat a thing. The staff is friendly and helpful, I enjoy it here.
5	I ate at Great Links towards the end of a long trip in Las Vegas.  The only regret I have is that I didn't go sooner so that I could have gone there more then once.  The hot dogs were excellent and the fries and tater tots were as well.   I went to Pinks at Planet Hollywood earlier in the trip and it was average at best - not to mention way overpriced.   I don't know if I would prefer this place to Carney's in LA if they were side by side but in Vegas this is the place to get a very good hot dog!
4	My new home away from home!  Hot Dogs - one of my favorite foods, and Great Links hasn't let me down once!  What a menu!  So hard to decide what to order, but one thing I know for sure, their Cottage Fries (potato chips) ROCK!  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing $5 lunch. This is an little place tucked into a strip mall. The staff is very nice and the menu is big. I recommend the $5 Special, you get a hot dog, corn dog, fries, soda and either chicken nuggets or grilled cheese. What a deal and everything was really good. If this was closer to my house I would eat here all the time!
5	Hot Dog Heaven. First, I love hot dogs so when I found this place shortly after moving here I was so excited. The dogs themselves are perfect, with a nice snap at each bite. They offered a huge variety...I had the cheese dog with cold cheddar (rather than cheese sauce or melted cheddar) and my husband had a chili cheese dog. Both were delicious. We we're impressed with the variety of sides (fried pickles, zucchini, tots, fries, etc) and the draft root beer was awesome.
5	Went for lunch and had a very good sandwich and beer!Great host and staff!  Kudos to you all!
4	You know what's funny about this place?  It is bacically a fast food diner place.  Something where you just expect some good greasy food in a no frills atmosphere.   But, I got a little of the opposite.  Please let me explain.So if you went to a fancy place you are paying for good food, but you are paying for the "sizzle in the steak."  You are paying for the atmosphere.In a diner like this you are paying for good simple food done right.  No frills.Even thought this place is not a fancy place - you are kinda paying to get a cool diner style low key joint with some good ol'fashioned diner style food.  This place does have an appeal.  A hominess.  It has a personality, and it is personable.  It is a happy place.  This really does add to the appeal.The food.  Well, it was good.  The BLT had plenty of thick cut bacon.  The chili cheese fries were smothered and the cheese was melty.  The Italian beef had plenty of beef.  The Au Jus was good.  If you like good food off the grill... this is the place.  In the "something different" challenged northwest part of the valley this is a place worth a visit.The only complaint was the Italian Beef bun was mushy... not wet... it was mushy. "I hope this makes sense."
5	Hot Dog Heaven. First, my wife LOVES hot dogs so when she found this place shortly after moving here she was so excitedto try it out.The dogs themselves are perfect, with a nice snap at each bite. They offered a huge variety...my wife had had the cheese dog with cold cheddar (rather than cheese sauce or melted cheddar) and I had a chili cheese dog. Both were delicious. We we're impressed with the variety of sides (fried pickles, zucchini, tots, fries, etc) and the draft root beer was awesome. Our server (who I think is also the owner) was crazy nice and very attentive. I love this place and we'll deifnitely be coming back soon.
5	First, if you're staying in a strip hotel, Great Links is a pretty good ride depending on traffic (which was deadly today!)...But, worth it. I visited Great Links this afternoon.  Excellent.  Great diner atmosphere, exceptionally friendly and quick service along with tasty food.  I sampled the Mob Boss dog and the Original hot dog.  WOW!  First I tried the original hot dog.  It was a traditional natural casing dog with onions, relish, mustard and catsup.  Great taste, good snap to the dog and nice flavor.Then, I manned up and tried the Mob Boss which  has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, cheese sticks, and marina sauce.  Great flavor, good snap to the dog and enormous.  Truly, a meal on a bun.Stop in here while you're visiting Vegas.  It is worth the trip off the strip.
4	I haven't been back in a while. Great Links makes vegetarian options so we came to try them out. The BF tried the vegetarian hot dog slaw dog style. I had a vegetarian beer brat southern griller style. Now, it's great that they do these options, but the taste was just OK. The texture of the hot dog was super soft like vienna sausage and so being snappy dog fans were a bit sad. As for the sausage, I thought it was decent, but the BF did not like.For sides we had shoestring cut fries with grill sauce (basically mayo ketchup and spices) and green beans with wasabi sauce. I particularly loved these fries and was everything I look for; soft and fluffy inside, crunch outside and served piping hot. The green beans are one of my favorite things on the menu. Service still friendly and good. Plus that one of the guys love Bassnectar and complimented the BF shirt.
5	Stellar burgers, pastrami, chili cheese fries, hot dogs, shakes. Staff was Nice. Clean! I love open plan kitchens where u can talk to your chef. Totally unpretentious. If ur a "junk foodie" you'll love this place.One of only a few mom and pop burger joints in LV with a lot of care put into their "fast food" I would eat here three times a week if it was closer to me.
5	It had been many months since I ate a genuine Chicago Dog, and I had been craving one for a couple of days.  Finally, instead of fighting the urge any longer, I thought, "Why not?  Let's do it!"  Diane agreed, and just like that we detoured to Jones and Craig where my favorite LV Valley hot dog joint awaited.  It was all very spontaneous, and the anticipation of biting into the natural casing of an authentic Chi Town Dog was palpable.I smiled as I saw the familiar grinning hot dog reclining in a bun painted on a window next to the restaurant entrance, and felt like I was being personally greeted and welcomed back.  Inside, I contemplated if one dog was enough, and since it never was before, ordered a Kraut Dog to go with a Chicago beauty, plus an order of Natural Fries.  Diane selected a Cheese Dog and Cheese Fries.  And, we both asked for a glass of the very smooth and tasty Schrecher Draft Root Beer that is always on tap.When the food arrived quicker than I thought it would, my Chicago Dog looked like it was specially made to coincide with the Christmas season upon us.  Besides a juicy reddish all-beef Boar's Head hot dog in a natural casing that audibly snaps when bitten into, the soft and supple steamed poppy seed bun contained excellent tasting emerald-green relish, a bright red slice of fresh tomato, white diced onions, a green kosher dill pickle spear, two small yellow sport peppers, yellow mustard, and celery salt.  I did not besmirch this divine creation with ketchup, for which indiscretion Chicago natives would have undoubtedly chased me out of the windy city on a rail had I been there.  And, need I say that this hot dog tasted as good as it looked!  Well, it surely did, and was quickly dispatched.     Thank goodness I had the Kraut Dog waiting as a second course.  Spicy mustard is available but I chose mild yellow mustard, and the warm, white sauerkraut blanketing another all-beef dog had just the right amount of crunch and liquidity.  I gobbled up this more simply designed frank even faster than the Chicago cousin that preceded it.  All the while I enjoyed my generous helping of skin-on fresh Natural Fries.  They were just as good naked as doused with ketchup.  So, conflicted a bit on which way to go, at length I opted for half one way and half the other.Meanwhile Diane very much enjoyed her Cheese Dog with an all-beef dog ensconced in melted Cheddar Cheese, and Cheese Fries that were Natural Fries covered with a mild and warm Cheese Sauce.  They were very good; I know because I consumed a Cheese Sauce-laden fry myself for the sake of this review.  Ah, the sacrifices I sometimes make in the name of authentic reviewing!  The smooth draught root beer washed down everything quite well, and we left in very good spirits.Service by Michelle and the two grill cooks was friendly and efficient, and, despite fairly heavy traffic, the restaurant was clean and picked up quite well.  One moment after a diner left, I espied a white napkin that had fluttered to the floor.  When I looked again after jotting down this information, it was already gone.  The only negative item to report was so minor it is hardly worthy of mention.  The salt shaker on our table was out of salt.  I quickly snatched a filled one from an adjoining table without even having to get up from my seat, and this slight and very short inconvenience was resolved.Funny thing is though, I could go back tomorrow and repeat the process all over again.  After having had my taste buds stirred up once more, my craving for top-of-the-line hot dogs is not really diminished!Definitely five stars for great hot dogs, fries, and root beer!
4	It was my 2nd trip here.  The first time I had the roasted galic & mozzarella chicken sausage with a side of chili cheese tater tots.  This time I went for the Habanero chicken sausage and the Bratwurst.  Of all I tasted I must say the Habanero!a little bit of heat, but very flavorful.  The service is great. both the chef and waitress always come by and check if everything is ok or if I need anything.
2	They mean well, and the service is good, but the food here is just bad. I had a veggie dog with a pile of waxy, unmelted cheddar cheese on top and the cheapest type of grocery store bun. The natural cut fries were soggy, greasy, and a puzzling orange color. It was way overpriced for such poor quality. These reviews are delusional.
4	Wow!  That's a good looking dog. Small little joint but very friendly and fast service.  Had:  Chicago Dog, tator tots (not enough places serve tator tots), Beer brat with kraut and hot peppers......AND draft root beer.  All were good.  (The presentation of my Chicago dog was quiet lovely--pic to follow.  I didn't want to disturb it's artful slumber but whateva, I was hungry.)They actually have a large selection of dogs (meat and vegetarian dogs).  We'll be back to try some more.  It definitely had a very cool atmosphere too.  One tv played sports and another was on a "gadgets/technology" channel. The staff was just...cool.Almost forgot, they serve beer too.
4	Hands down the fries are amazing. We order "The Deluxe Fries". The atmosphere is great. However I ordered a "cheese chili dog" and it was just average. And we also ordered "the streets of New York" and it was great. I will be going back again for sure.
5	This hole in the wall place caught my eye and I am glad that I took a chance and tried it.  I am a big fan of burgers, but I don't eat them very often.  This casual place in a strip mall next to Lowes and Qdoba at Craig and Rancho has amazing food.  This place was full at dinner time on a Friday night, and many of the customers seemed to be regulars.  I ordered the Ortega Bacon Cheese Burger (the name might be a little different, not sure) and it was great.  I did sub swiss for the pepper jack, and the result was a little less heat than I would have liked, but that's my fault. It was still delicious, with high quality ingredients.  The shoestring fries were hot and fresh and one order is more than enough for two people.  Try it with one of their fry sauces.  I can't wait to go back and try one of their hot dogs, which they have made for them by Boar's Head.   Two soft drinks, one order of fries, one burger and one cheesesteak cost about $19 before the tip.  The service very good, and they were prompt with refills.   It is not a dive, but it is definitely a place where you will find people in flip flops and shorts.
5	Thumbs up! Great service, great food and very reasonably priced! Definitely worth the drive!
5	The service was very friendly and efficient.  My party of three had the Italian fries (excellent), chicken noodle soup (good), tuna sandwich (good), beer brat with sauerkraut and spicy mustard (OMG wonderful!), and the classic hot dog with relish, onions, mustard, and ketchup.Awesome joint, and I will DEFINITELY return!
5	Great Links is a haven for vegetarian junk food lovers in the Northwest side of town. Let me tell you what they offer for vegetarians: vegetarian hot dogs,vegetarian chicken, vegetarian Italian sausage, vegetarian kielbasa, vegetarian beer brats, vegetarian bacon, & vegetarian chili!!! This means that, as a vegetarian, you can order a hot dog topped with strips of bacon and a pile of chili. Yes, it's possible. I did it. And I think it was only $4. I love this place. It can get really busy, but it's affordable and the servers are always nice.
5	I know, I know...5 stars for hot dogs? But I love this place. It's easy, it's clean, the people that work there are happy and have a good time. AND there is nothing healthier than leaving the gym to have a hot dog and fries...so try their hot dogs!
4	Great place to eat. Spinach and asiago dog is sooo good! Reuben was great too!! I will come here again.
4	"Super yummy sausages and nice, fresh tomatoes and excellent dill relish! Great variety between dogs, sausage and burgers. Fun sides and really nice people! Go check them out so they stay open!"
4	I literally pass by this place every single day.  Always, was curious and a friend, said it was good. So what the hell. First and foremost, the menu is extensive. Every type of hot dog, made every way possible, with every topping you could ever imagine. Not only that, but they had burgers as well and sandwiches. They had you're mushroom burger, patty melts, and some creative burgers with ingredients I have never seen mixed together. Very original. I had the Pastrami Melt. Good old pastrami, grilled onions, mustard and swill on grilled rye. It was dead on, geat sandwich, very filling. For 5.99$ I was very satisfied. I had some of the italian fries. Those were good, I wish they put a little bit more of the garlic butter, and a little less parmesan cheese. That might just be me though, whenever butter is part of the equation, you better use a lot of it, or not at all. Go big or go home. I had a bite of the patty melt, my friend had. very delicious. This is small operation that obviously knows what they are doing and have a great thing going. I am a fan, and will go here more, the menu is so big, it entices you to come back and try the other stuff.
5	I never knew Boar's Head made sausages, too! Whenever I saw Boar's Head advertisements back in California, I knew the establishment served quality deli meat.Back home, I've always yearned for a delicious dog joint akin to something like Top Dog in Berkeley. I even went so far as to consider opening one myself just so I could satiate my suffering for sausage; alas, I have found the hot dog heaven I've been looking for. I've been to this place four times in two weeks. Just straight incredibly delish dogs, fresh off the grill. Apparently their hamburgers are quite lauded, so once I go through the hot dog menu, I have another beautiful world to sink my teeth into.The chili slaw dog and hot link have been my go to with a pint of Schrecher Draft Root Beer. I can't think of how this place can be any better.
4	This place is pretty damn good. We eat hear about once a week or every other week. The buffalo and Italian fries are awesome!!  It's close to home and the hot dogs are a great. The main issue why it didn't get 5 stars is they are a bit pricey for a hot dog joint. Oh yeah the chicken fingers are huge!And if you like chili cheese fries like I do..YOU HAVE TO GET THE ULTIMATE CHILI CHEESE FRIES... they claim they have one of the best burgers in town.. we shall see.
1	Long story short, my wife and I came here after reading many great reviews and we were not impressed. The customer service was really bad and the fries were both over cooked and soggy (I didn't even know that was possible). It was not even busy and it took 10 minutes to order. We even sat down our menus and put them on the edge of the table to make it blatantly obvious. Then again, at the end of our meal it took forever for someone to bring us our bill. We came back home and wrote our original bad review, but it appears they paid to have it removed. I have now been insulted in their restaurant and on the web, thanks.
5	Since discovering Great Links about a year ago my husband, son and I eat here at least 2-3 times a month (it's our go-to place on a Saturday/Sunday afternoon). After all the times we have eaten here, we still haven't even scratched the surface of their menu! Everything I have tried has been absolutely amazing! So far my favorites are the NASCAR specials (I really wish they would still serve last year's special though) and their Italian fries. The prices are extremely resonable, we usually order 2 dogs (or burgers/sandwiches), 2 orders of fries, 2 soft drinks and a kids meal (includes drink and cookies for dessert) and I don't think we have ever paid more than $25. The quality of their food is top-notch and the food is always served piping hot and fast. The thing that really makes this place worth visiting is the service. I always see the owner there which is a true sign of pride in ownership and Michelle is one of the hardest working people I have ever met. The place is always packed with people and yet the staff manages to keep everyone happy and they do it with a smile on their face even though you know thay have got to be exhausted! They also keep the place very clean both in the dinning area, grill area and the restrooms. One of my biggest pet peeves is a dirty bathroom... I have been know to actually walk out of a place because of the condition of the bathroom (I'm kind of a germ-a-phobe when it comes to public toilets), I can honestly say that Great Links has one of the cleanest bathrooms I have ever seen in a restaurant.I've heard through the grape vine that the owners are having some financial trouble recently and despite the success of Great Links may be forced to close their doors. I truley hope this does not happen. I tell everyone I know about this place in hopes that the increase in business will help keep this place going even though it means they will be even busier and I will probably have to wait more, it is definitely worth the wait!
5	OK I been here 3 times in 1 week. And they serve BEER! If there's one thing on the Menu you have to try its their Italian Fries (Crinkle CUT) & and Deluxe Chili Cheese Dog. Great now I have to stop in on the way home. This is one of the good one's Yelpers.
4	The Skinny: large selection of menu items, reasonable prices, phenom artisan root beer (4) service: efficient, friendly (4) value: pretty reasonable considering the quality (4).We were scouring around town to find a great place for hot dogs and so far fell short... until Great Links.The first time we ate here, we were literally overwhelmed by the selection here. I mean in addition to hot dogs, you have burgers, sammys, a selection various fried items smothered with a different toppings and salads. And for you vegetarians out there, they have a mighty fine selection of veggie kielbasa, bratwurst, italian sausage, hamburgers. I've never heard of veggie kielbasa, but I thought that was a pretty brilliant thing.Personally, being of the meat eating persuasion, I ordered myself a grilled chicken salad. Yeah boring I know. But honestly, my company was instituting this whole exercise/eat right initiative and I felt obligated to participate. (I have since fallen off the bandwagon.) Really at a place like this, I wasn't really expecting much because it is a burger/hot dog joint after all. I was surprised though. Although it's romaine, it's clearly freshly chopped (note, none of that early brownish tinge you get when it's been cut a long time ago) with other veggies.They have a very simple oil and vinegar dressing that hit the spot. Plus, the chicken was plentiful and moist. For less than $7, it's far superior to many grilled chicken salad in the same price range.The hubs couldn't help but try their artisan root beer. For us soda drinkers, it's got that real root beer-ish, herbacious flavouring (in an absolutely good way) that brought us back to the good ol' days. A must try!Not being on a company diet, the hubs has had the rueben, their KC Masterpiece Nascar special featuring Boarshead sausage, their italian sausage and side orders of their fried zucchini, regular shoestring fries and freshly cut french fries. Their reuben was pretty great while the KC Masterpiece Nascar special was a little overwhelming with all the cheese, BBQ sauce on it - it kind of detracted from the flavours of the sausage. Regardless, their plainer renditions fare better - the casings got a nice snap to it.The sides were a hit or miss. The fried zucchini's batter was a little too heavy and fell apart when you picked it up. Their fresh cut fries don't have quite the crispiness that I look for in a french fry. I prefer their shoestring fries which were much crispier and lighter -- FYI - their shoesting is more the size of your standard McDonald's french fries. Overall, given the price, I would definitely recommend this place for a good tuck in of hot dogs and root beer (4).
5	I'd NEVER been to a place specialising in hot dogs and wouldn't even think to order a hamburger! My sister saw them win Burger Wars and insisted we try their food. I live in the area and easily ordered my dinner on the phone after reviewing their menu online. I showed up 10 minutes later and was given a free small beverage. Because of the weight, I assumed I'd be dealing with a mess when I got home and amazingly enough everything was wrapped perfectly! We ordered the Ortega Bacon Pepper Jack Burger, the Old West Burger and the award winning Jalapeno Guacamole Cheeseburger. WOW! For the same price as In-N-Out or Five Guys, we had seriously delicious gourmet burger's. We will be back to try everything else on the menu and tell everyone we know about it!
5	Yes this is an update...1st of all incredible array of hot dog offerings..if they don't have it listed, they will make the dog for you!! Decided to go in the burger direction this time.....Probably had the best Patty melt I've ever had. It was cooked to order, medium..nicley grilled onions and your choice of cheese. I can see why they won the burger wars...they deserve it. While i was waiting was offered a free small soda..It you want a great dog or burger make this a distination stop. Staff is very help ful they will assist you in every way to make your repast good.....Enjoy
5	Amazing! and great service!
3	I really wish I would have liked this place more, especially because I was super excited to finally try it. Actually, when I first walked in, I kind of fell in love. The atmosphere is relaxed and our server was super friendly, gave us time and answered any questions we had. We ordered the Chicago and the Las Vegas hot dog with the natural Italian fries on the side. The fries came out first and unfortunately they were just ok. Too much parmesan cheese, too salty and too fatty and they got soggy very quick. The hot dogs were ok, almost too much of everything in my opinion. Then, as soon as we walked out of this place, I ended up having an upset stomach that lasted all day. But this also could be due to me eating generally organic and healthy and perhaps my body doesn't like fatty food anymore. My husband was ok and he ate the same as I did, so I don't think the meat was bad. Regardless, I didn't like it enough to go back any time soon, but if I did, I think I would stay away from all the loaded hot dogs and try a simple one or get a sandwich.
4	I had this whole review written here about how great this place is and how you should get this and that and the other thing, but Yelp ate it and I'm spent.So, go eat here. They're awesome. Great staff. Good food. 10% off your order when you get an entree, side and drink. Sigh.
3	This is just for the hamburger.. See my reviews for the other stuff.. I don't see how they won the burger wars.. It's a frozen patty and taste like it too! The lettuce became so soggy so fast it stopped my bite, it wouldn't tear at all, when I tried to bite into the burger the whole slice of lettuce came out without breaking off.. I tried to pull it apart with my hands and couldn't!! I'm not weak either.. I think I found something stronger than 550 cord. I was disappointed as everything else here is so awesome!
1	I'm going to abandon my typically structured article and opening 'cliffhanger' paragraph and just skip right to it on this one: this sucked. Great Links' website claims right on the main page that they were voted the best burger in Las Vegas (!!!!). Who were they up against? This is insane! I know everyone has their own opinions, including me, but out of the 70+ burger places I've eaten at in town I'd say 95% of them are better than this. Who the hell voted? What other places was this up against? Come on!The restaurant interior is typical strip mall fare, with the griddle and deep fryers right in the open. The menu features hot dogs, sausages, burgers, sandwiches, fish...you name it. The key words to this menu are: frozen, premade, generic, and Boar's Head. Think generic pre-packed sausages and dogs, frozen patties, frozen fries... Sitting at the counter by the griddle I witnessed them pulling their sausages out of Boar's Head packages, frozen patties thrown right on the griddle, generic frozen crinkle cut fries dumped right out of their plain grocery store bags into a measuring bowl and into the fryer. While sitting near the griddle the only 'fresh' items I noticed were the pre-cut veggies they were pulling out of the fridge to throw on the griddle.My frozen burger patty was dropped right on the grill to be overcooked with everything else on there. The meat was very generic, not that flavorful, and definitely not the winner of any 'best of' contest I can think of. There was a huge piece of tough, thick lettuce on the burger, a small amount of mushrooms I could barely taste, well-melted swiss cheese and a couple of thin tomato slices. The bun was grilled well, but extremely plain and non-existent. Nothing about this burger stood out, other than the fact I could find it in any backyard bbq or at an overpriced crappy food stand at any sports event.The thin, overcooked generic fries were exactly that. I can't stress how ridiculously typical this meal was; I would give it a fairly negative review just on all that, but combine it with the 'best burger' claim and it infuriates me. To top it off my meal came to $13.26, which is equal to or more than plenty of other fantastic burgers I've eaten all around town that are definitely worthy of some best burger claims in many categories. I can't recommend paying to eat anything here because you could purchase pretty much the same ingredients at any grocery store and do what they do in your backyard. Argh.
5	Another great hot dog place; been there a few times. Great selection of hot dogs - chili, Chicago and Vegas dog are my favorites. Coupons in Entertainment Book
4	Was all the way on the Northwest side of town to go play a poker game at my brother's, and somehow my friend and I ended up at Great Links.  Let's face it, Chili dogs, burgers and fries just go together with a night of drinking and poker.  I wasn't about to offer Sweet Tomatoes express as a suggestion for our pre-game snack.Right when I walked in I noticed a big board on the counter detailing their win as the Best Burger in Las Vegas.  I remember seeing some stuff about this contest on Fox 5 and John Curtas was one of the guest judges, so I figured it had some clout behind it.  I asked the waitress about it because I wanted to order the EXACT burger that won, and she was actually very upfront about how the contest was set up, and that it did have exclusions (I don't believe my current favorite Bachi was able to be represented due to cost, same with Burger Bar)   Hmmmm, doubt already started setting in.   Turns out the burger that won that contest was the Jalapeno Guacamole burger, which turned out to be the one that I was most interested in anyhow, bonus!  Cayenne Mayo, Tomato, Grilled onions and jalapenos, pepperjack cheese, and an onion ring filled with guac.  Yeah, sign me up!   My friend and I decided to share a side, and while I pushed for one of the actual french fry concoctions, he asked if I wanted to share the Frito Pie.  Uh, I guess.  When the food arrived (after a few beers, naturally), the burger looked impressive.  I'm all about saving the best for last though so I tackled the Frito Pie first.  Eh, tasted just like Frito Pie.  I guess I shouldn't knock it since it tasted exactly what a Frito Pie should taste like, but I was hoping for a bit of ingenuity or something that might set it apart.  After cursing my friend for twisting my arm into ordering that and not one of their fry options, I bit into the burger.  I got exactly what I expected and wanted out of it:  greasy, flavorful, and messy.  I felt like a star of a Carl's Jr commercial, except not nearly as hot.  I had also ordered the 1/2 lb version instead of 1/3, and that wasnt necessary even though I ate the entire thing.So all in all, the burger was very tasty, even though I still prefer places like Bachi, Fuku, and maybe even In N Out.  I wouldn't recommend the Frito Pie and would imagine their fries are probably pretty damn tasty (shakes fist at friend).   The service was friendly and prices were very reasonable which bumps my total score from a mid 3 to a 4.
4	I was taken here by my supervisor who has a habit of preferring not necessarily healthy venues but rather fast-foodish yet yummy treats which honestly left me a little apprehensive.  Our previous venture to Four Kegs was fun but left me eating salads for the remainder of the day.  What was I to expect here?Well, the location was good - by a Starbucks I like and by Lowe's as well, so it had promise if it turned out to be a positive establishment.  Thankfully, it was.The food was bar-style food done pretty well.  The service was pretty much kids who were on the ball.  On the four visits I've had, I've been pleased with the continual quality of service.  My drink was never low for long and my food arrived quickly and hot.  It's a simple menu and exactly what it promises: Burgers, fries, Italian sandwiches with a decent sauce, and offers a nice variety of french friends.  Their combo sauce of ketchup meets mayonnaise is pleasantly addicting and I enjoy the fact that they have a channel on the History Channel - thank you for not insulting the intelligence of your customers.  Cheap, yummy, good service.  Type you can bring your father to leaving little room for him to grumble.
4	Unfortunately, I am going to have to take Great Links down a peg after trying its vaunted hamburger that is supposed to be a First Prize award winner.  This time I fell for the hype, and decided to give the Mushroom Swiss Burger a try.  Diane and I both very specifically asked for medium rare burgers, and, although the words "medium rare" appeared twice on our receipt, we both received well done burgers.  Not a wisp of pink meat in sight!  I understand that because of eColi concerns, many establishments now flatly refuse to prepare medium rare or rare hamburgers.  And, that is fine with me, so long as a server alerts me of that policy as soon as I request a less than well-cooked burger.  Then, if so inclined, I can order something else.  But it is galling to have the staff play along with a "medium rare" request, and pretend that a wish for a pink burger has been fulfilled when it plainly has not been.  The fry cook is certainly not going to fool a patron who is already asking for medium rare doneness by instead delivering a meat patty that is dark brown through and through.   At least my burger was juicy, and although mushrooms were sparse, the Swiss Cheese was well melted and the bun nicely warmed.  So, the Mushroom Swiss Burger was good overall--but definitely not great.Had I just ordered a burger this day, my rating would only have been 3 stars.  But I also ordered a Chicago Dog with "snap," and Natural Fries.  Because each was as good as I remembered in the past, a reduction of but 1 star is appropriate.I will still frequent this place, but in the future will stick to hot dogs, Philly Cheesesteaks, Italian Beef Sandwiches, and fries.
5	I'm a woman who knows her way around a dog - both the male variety and the frankfurter type. Ok, no more man bashing! I like men, might even review them as a a group, However, decided not to resist the joke. So, no offense right? Plus, I'm about to tell you all about a great place. so forgive me, this one time.Ok, locally owned, which I LOVE. Family has fought hard to keep the place going and has had some incredible challenges, including the wife's battle with cancer.  However, they remain committed to good food, good service, and good attitudes. I know they won a burger competition put on by Fox 5. Not much staff turnover which tells me a lot. They had a coupon in last year's Entertainment Book.  I haven't checked the new one.  Haven't seen them on Groupon or Living Social. I need to check Restaurants.com, Prices are fair without a coupon though and they have meal deals.Before I forget, they offer some very interesting vegetarian options. I would order one to try it, but who am I kidding? I'm there for the dogs. Sometimes, I'm there for the clams. Sometimes, for the rueben, but never for the veggies. Wait, do breaded and fried mushrooms count?Incredibly large menu, which I'm sure they do to please customers but must be hard to maintain. They even do breakfast.My favorite is the Atlanta dog. Not to be a diva, but I special order mine and they always remember.  I like the dog in the natural casing.  They do the dog a little longer for me. They also take the cole slaw out of the fridge before they start the dog cause I don't want cold slaw to cool off the hot dog. Ok, feel free to groan. I swear I didn't mean the pun. I try to be a woman of integrity, so I'm going to leave it. I also like the red onion sauce - that might be the NY dog. Shame that I was born in NY and I'm not sure which is my dog.  Doesn't matter cause the dogs are described on the menu. :Plus you can order whatever you would like.I'm not much of a fry girl, but you need to order them here.  They offer different kinds and great toppings.  They have beer, which I haven't had yet.  Well, I've had beer, just not at Great Links. They have ice cream and shakes, both of which I have had and enjoyed.Great local place with quality junk food. I'm not sure it gets better than that.
4	This place is a rough gem... Think very small diner, limited menu, but oh-so comfortable. It is a drive from the Strip for visitors, as well as it should be. I'm quite sure carnivores could find other glittery gimmicky "meat in tube form" onthe Strip; however, for me, its about the vegetarian options and supporting the local economy when visiting. And, the options were enough for a couple visits or infrequent visits. For a weekend visit to Vegas, my bro and I visited twice.With that said, vegetarian options doesn't mean healthy. Nor do they or we profess to be healthy. The meals are "stick to your ribs" good tasty meals. This is a place where the carnivores and vegetarian friends can meet, share a table and watch the game. Beer, brats, and (foot/basket/base)balls.I can't speak for my bro meals; I had the Mob Boss (grilled peppers, onions, marinara, and two mozzarella sticks) and a simple veg chili dog. Both were very tasty, wolfed them down on each occasion. Then we also shared the Grilled Master fries (similar to In-n-Out fries, animal style), buffalo cheesy fries (I liked this, could use a little more buffalo sauce), and zucchini (crispy breaded outside with well-done juicy inside) . Sides were definitely hit the spot.Staff were friendly and helpful, but somewhat distant/nonattentive at times. Guess it was close to the holidays and they just want to have fun, too. Understandable.So, if you want something tasty away from the glitz, this is one place.
5	Love this Place! The Quality of the Food and prices are awesome! Love the Chicago all beef hot dog and the burgers are amazing compared to prices at Five Guys.
5	Today was my first time in this great little spot! I loved the laid back atmosphere and the burger was probably the best I've had in Vegas! I decided on just a regular burger with everything on it and chedar cheese fries and the whole table ended up eating my fries. Highly recommended!
4	This place was very good.  I had the Las Vegas Dog.  The White sage chili that they mounded on the hot dog was most excellent.  I would have preferred my tomatoes diced instead of wedged, but that is a personal preference. The blending of the mustard and mayo was excellent as well. The service was ok.  When the staff was at our table it was very polite and pleasant.  However, they seemed to have a serve by team approach and we were inconsistent in getting service to our table.  Food was great.
4	I just can't find it in me to give five stars to a hot dog joint, but there is none better.  The atmosphere is perfect and the staff are super friendly.  They make a great shake.  There is such a great variety of burgers, dogs and sides you could try something different every time you go.  I've been here a half dozen times and it never let's me down.
4	Alright so I've been here quite a few times and so far I think to stick with the hot dog, links/sausages offerings and sides. After delving off menu a few times, I think it's the most solid they have to offer. My  favorites out of the hot dog is the Las Vegas chili dog or chicago dogs. I also often get the sausages, mostly hot links. Hot dogs are Boars head so they have natural casings or you can get other types without the snap, even a white hot dog/veal one. Sides wise their fried green beans with wasabi mayo is really good. To drink get Sprechers root beer off the tap! Also their raspberry ice tea isn't that regular Lipton soda fountain stuff, it's brewed so that is good too. Stick with that and I think you'll have a good dinner here. Cheap, good American type food.Seeing as they won some "best of" burgers,  thought their burgers would be fantastic, but it isn't any different from any old greasy spoon. Also fish type stuff, is pre battered so not anything you can't do at home with some Gordon's. I feel like some stuff is offered, just to offer it. I thought the turkey burgers, grilled chicken sandwiches and tuna melt were decent though. My one thing about this place is that do not come at peak hours. I don't know if the owner is too cheap to hire another person but they really need more than one waitress, there's never been two waitresses I've ever seen. We went recently where it hit max capacity in this small place and she was in the weeds the whole time. It was hard to flag her down for some extra sauce, I had to wait a long time by the cash register, I just got up to serve ourselves some drinks (good thing I did not get raspberry tea that was behind the register). She already is running around like mad even when it's not a full house so they really need two people at least during the rush. It's not fair to the poor gal or to customers. I know it's not her fault, but some people were upset...and it sucks if she gets crapped on for something she cannot control at all. I'm going to stick with going only in the odd hours. I don't like going to a place and get no service. Overall though, I like this place.
4	Saw the reviews & came for lunch with the hubs.  Definitely hit the spot! We ordered the chili cheese dog, chili cheese dog deluxe, crinkle fries, & cheese stix. Sad we forgot to order the root beer on tap & just washed everything down with cherry coke.Anyways, service was great, our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable.  My 2 complaints: 1) having pre-shredded cheese is way convenient but the results you get from shredding from a cheese block, just doesn't compare. So, food for thought, buy a block of cheese & a cheese grater. 2) melt the shredded cheese before it is served. The look of waxy pre-shredded cold cheese on top of the delicious dog was slightly unappetizing. But other than that, the dog was delicious & perfect size:)
4	OMG!!! i loved it. I had the Las Vegas Dog my GF had the Mob Boss Dogg and we SMASHED!!! its a nice cozy spot perfect for watching a game eating great food and grabbing a beer. 3 thumbs up if i had another. lol
5	Seventy Nine reviews to date and a solid four and a half star rating for the best hot dog & hamburger joint in the United States, yep, I said it, the BEST hot dog & hamburger joint in the United States!!!!!!!I can't remember the name of this place when it first opened but I do remember falling in love the first time I walked through the door, every city in the United States should have a great hot dog & hamburger joint but alas, it is not to be.If you go here expect a line because great food joints have lines and Great Links usually has a line, if there is a line just wait till a seat opens up, it is worth the wait.First the staff, these guys and gals are AWESOME .............. this place is like Cheers and even if they don't know your name they will make you feel at home.Now the food, where to start ................. EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!!!They offer two styles of hot dogs, the natural casing or as they would tell you, the casing that "snaps", and the skinless casing. Both are 100% beef, I am a skinless guy myself but I have had both and I would not turn down either. There are twenty nine, yep, 29 different hot dogs & sausage items on the menu and they are all mouth watering, remember when you were a boy, how freaking awesome is summertime delicious!!!!!the Las Vegas Chili Dog is the bomb, the Philly Griller Dog is delectable, the Mob Boss Dog is exquisite, and the Louisiana Hot Link is Extraordinary.I love their old school crinkle cut fries, the burgers are tasty, juicy goodness and don't even get me going about the atmosphere of the place .................. it is one of those places where you feel at home the first time you walk in the door. OK, I just gave a hot dog & hamburger joint a five star review after promising my fellow Yelpers that I would reserve my five star reviews for the best of the best, so in other words ...................... NAILED IT!!!!!!!Until next time fellow Yelpers ................. Be Local, Live Local, Buy Local!!!!!
2	My husband and I went there on Sunday for lunch. I ordered the ball park dog, which has mustard, ketchup, relish and onions.. sounds good-hmm, and beer battered onion rings with a diet pop.  My husband ordered a kielbasa sausage, Italian fries and a diet pop.  Lets start off with the chopped onion on my hotdog!  the onion was chopped in quite large pieces and there were WAY TOO MANY PEICES ON ONE HOTDOG!! It tasted like they used the relish that has the cloves in it, so I didn't care for the relish on there, and they put soooo much mustard on it and barely any ketchup at all.. all in all, I was very disappointed with my hotdog.  The onion rings were quite tasty, light and crispy, just the way I like them.  My husbands purchase, well it came on a bun with the sausage cut into four small pieces, he took one out and it is the way they cooked it! so it kept falling apart on him, they didn't drain the sauerkraut that was put onto it so the bun got very soggy.. I don't know if anyone else likes sauerkraut juice dripping from your bun, but he sure didn't.  His Italian fries came with some kind of Italian seasoning and parm. cheese and olive oil. They put so much olive oil on his fries that when he was done eating them, there had to be at least a half a cup of oil in the bottom of his dish, they put way too much oil on them... he was very disappointed with both the sausage and the fries that he ordered... when we first got there he asked them to turn the tv down, we were really close to it, and they turned it down one... they have two tvs in there and my husband and I were the only customers in there at the time he asked them to turn it down, so that just wasn't right of them... when we first walked in and the waitress came and took our order I noticed she had gloves on, I was thinking that was good.. If I had realized that they don't change their gloves in between orders.. (they didn't that day while we were there) we would have asked them to change them. The guy that was working was walking around running his hands along the counters and knocking on the counters and touching it seemed everything then he didn't change his gloves when other people came in there... she didn't either.  We definitely will not be back to this place.. THE ONLY REASON I PUT TWO STARS ON HERE IS BECAUSE THEY DID HAVE GOOD ONION RINGS!
5	I've driven by this place for years & recently saw the reviews & went for it.Yes it is a small place & it  can fill up quick so luckily I called in my order which was ready within 10 min. Portion sizes were great  for the  prices paid.The food was definitely better than I expected. I didn't expect much from the mob boss hot dog because the marinara threw me off, but I think that's what made it taste great! The chili cheese fries & mozzarella sticks aren't salty like other places either so that was  definitely a  plus. I  love mozzarella  sticks but it  sucks when  they're  so salty.My daughter had the chicken bruschetta sandwich & she loved it! Mind you she doesn't eat bread,cheese, or any vegetable unless you bid them all somehow. My son had a meatball sandwich & loved it as well. The staff was very friendly when we walked in. The lady who took my order was very patient when my phone was acting out when I called to place my order. Also they are very business friendly as well, several business cards are laid out on the counter & I was able to put my husband's business cards out as well. A lot of other restaurants won't let you do that unless you have some type of friendship/relationship with the owner. This was our first time here & it won't definitely be our last! =)
4	Great food and good beer. We had the Cajun sausage dog and it was very tastey! It had shrimp on the hot dog that were cooked perfectly.Me and the family will be returning, but could only give 4 stars as the prices arent too crazy but they are somewhat high for hotdogs.
5	There is a reason that Great Links won the burger wars competition.  This place is amazing.  I love when a small business like this can beat out the competition of a major chain.
5	Great selection of dogs, burgers, chicken and fries.  The dill of the side menu is highly recommended.  Chili fries are a must
4	This is a great little spot. I have been going to for years. Another little mom and pop spot, and those are my favorite.They have a great variety of dogs, burgers, sandwiches, and appetizers to choose from. Although I haven;t tried it all (gimmie some time) everything I have tried has been great. When you're all done get a shake or a float to top it off..hell ya.This is a small place so word of advice if you go during peak times, plan for a wait or you can also order and eat in the patio that sits a couple of stores down.
5	I've always lived by a rule of thumb that if you go to a burger place you have to get a burger, if you go to to a pizza place you get the pizza. So when I was coaxed into a hot dog place (not my ideal food) I decided to deviate from this plan, and I was shocked. Everything I've ordered from this place is great. They have had amazing burgers, chicken tenders, and they some how improved the mozzarella sticks by offering them as half moons.  Not the cheapest place in the world (My combo meal runs me around $11) I've introduced a few people to this place as well and they all enjoy it. The place is either empty or teeming. They have great carry-out which I recommend to everyone who may not like busy places. (Yet no matter how busy they get, you always get taken care of, or if you're impatient, you can just get up and get your own refill) It's a nice mix between casual fast food and a sit down restaurant.
4	Between the Chicago dog and the Italian sausage, this place is doing it right. Try the Italian fries, definitely delicious with the root beer.Beer battered fried mushrooms are also a hit for me.They have fast and friendly service even on the busiest of afternoons.
2	Was really excited about going here. It's close by to our house and we enjoy hot dogs. We went in and it took the cashier a couple minutes to come over and just ask us if we where ready. She seemed annoyed. We told her it was our first time and we'd like to look over the menu first. When we where ready she took our order, Chicago dog, Louisiana link, cheese fries and house salad. $20 for it all. Seemed pricey for me. We where asked if we wanted to eat here. We really would have loved to. But it was overwhelmingly hot in there. It felt like a sauna. I know today was probably the hottest days in Vegas, (114 on 6/7/13) but when you want to be inside on a summer day, outside shouldn't be hotter. We took our food home. The Chicago dog tasted good, it was soggy, like all the juice from the toppings where Just added to it. The hot dog tasted good, them seem to have a good product, only problem was, the restaurant was hotter than my dog. The Louisiana link was good. Spicy! No complains there. The cheese fries, I would suggest not getting. They where soggy. It almost seemed like cheap frozen fries from the grocery store, microwaved and drowned with cheese. We where only able to eat half because the other half wasn't even removable from the paper wrap in the container. Salad, I couldn't tell you because the didn't include our dressing. And after our experience, didn't really feel like going back. I don't know if we would have received better food if we ate in or not. We weren't too pleased. Won't be goon back. We'd rather go to weinersnitchel. They seem to have a good thing going on. I'll just be weary if you go in.
4	I feel so silly to think I've already done a review for Great Links! I've been here so many times since they opened...I was going to update my review but it turns out, there was nothing to update! FAIL!They have good hotdogs here. They're fresh and you could hear the snap when you bite into one. I personally like to keep it simple and get the chili dog. Very flavorful and I don't like beans so this is perfect for me. The cheese is nice and melted. But I've also tried their Mob Boss Dog which has mozzarella sticks, peppers, onions, marinara, mushrooms and parmesan cheese.  It's a great hotdog when I'm not feeling so plain.The main reason I like this place is their Italian fries. One of my favorite fries in Vegas. Each fry is loaded with Parmesan and Italian spices. I don't like sharing mine so get your own!I remember John Curtas raving about their burgers but I still haven't deviated from their hotdogs.  One of these days, I'll give their burger a try...with a side of Italian fries of course!
5	Honestly, one of the best burgers I have had in a long time! Better than anything I've had at Bobby Flay's place, "Bobby's Burger Palace". Very good quality and cooked perfectly.
5	This place is AWESOME!!!!!!  We moved to Vegas about a year ago and this is one of the first places we found that we love.  We've tried everything on the menu and love it all. In fact, we eat there about 4 or five times a month... The Philly Cheese Steak is INCREDILE!! Philly Style... Hot Links, Hot dogs... Oh and the burgers are off the chain.. The bread is so good. Not an average bun its really good...  I rarely write reviews but I simply had to do this one.. This place should have multiple locations in Vegas...
5	i ordered the chicken Caesar salad sandwich when i went and it was stellar. i will be back again and again !!! they have such a huge selection of stuff i don't know how anyone wouldn't be able to find something delicious on the menu!
2	Perhaps my trip this restaurant was just a stray from the norm, or perhaps the people that review this place have never been to a quality burger and dog type place. I gave this restaurant a fair shot and was excited based on Yelp reviews. Yelp rarely fails me but this was one of those times where it fell short of expectations. Is there a good-ole-boy system at this place? All I heard the owner talking about was their award winning burgers to whom I supposed are the regulars. My wife, daughter and I were the only people under the age of 50 there, so perhaps that explains why their food was so bland and flavorless. I ordered the pastrami, which was cooked really well. However, there was little taste. I have tried pastrami from dozens of restaurants and this was bottom-of-the-barrell in terms of taste. My wife ordered grilled cheese, which is impossible to screw up unless you're 4 years old or completely inept. It was solid, but she ordered it with bacon and bacon saves everything. The bread was alright, but seemed store-bought. My daughter ordered chicken nuggets and she said they were disgusting. I looked at them and they appeared to be the type you buy from a frozen food section. We shared fries, which apparently do not come with any sort of salt or seasoning. To be fair, the waitresses there were super friendly and on top of their game. I hope the owner realizes this and recognizes them accordingly. What I found off-putting on a personal level was that the owner came out and greeted every single table, asked about their experience and bragged about their food.... except for our table. He also missed a kid run into the restaurant, grab two soda cups, fill them and leave without paying. All because he was too busy bragging about his food to the NASCAR crowd that was infesting this place. One of the cooks also took the time to venture into the diner and talk about the burger competition they had previously won. he oddly went out of his way to state that "I don't think they'll want us back next year. Not that we're cheating but..." and I didn't catch the end. Overall, I was pretty disappointed with this place considering the positive reviews on yelp. I will eventually give this place another chance to redeem itself and, if it isn't able to, I'll suspect that they are asking friends and family to circumvent the yelp reviews. Either that or they rarely get anyone who isn't an AARP member and can actually handle salt and seasoning.
5	This. Place. Rocks.We went there last Saturday after a trying week drove us to junk food and movies. We are Vegan, so finding places to eat out was a challenge. HappyCow.net had them listed, and we were stoked they were right up the street. Complete with a hearty vegan selection in addition to their carnivore options, the menu was lookin' pretty svelte for one who intends to smash food in their face without regret.This is the kind of neighborhood place you go to not be prissy pants, to chat with the cook and waitress, to just eat till your fat and happy. I had the vegetarian Chicago dog and the husband had the vegetarian Italian sausage. Oh... man... it was so good we finished our dogs before our fries and zucchini sticks came out of the fryer. Great Links is a Great Option for blended friends and families! (some vegan, some vegetarian, some carnivore)
3	The hot dogs were good. They have a wide variety.  There bacon cheeseburger is great. Fast service however I had to refill my own drink. The waitress just pointed to the machine and said she was too busy. That was a bummer. But as far as taste goes.......they get a 3 star.
4	Ooohh I love their burgers here--Specifically I've tried the Ortega Bacon Pepper jack Burger and Jalapeno Guacamole Burger. They have never disappointed me. Try them all. Actually really anything here is good.--next time I'll go for the hot dogs
3	The food is good, the customer service is great.  The only reason I gave them 3 star is all of our food came out at different times.
5	Wow, so glad we decided to drop in here!Casual atmosphere, the servers were all super friendly, not pushy, and they make recommendations if you need one!The food was really good.  We had a pastrami sandwich and an Italian beef sandwich and split them.  We also had the Vegas chili cheese fries and onion rings (it was a cheat day, no calorie counting!).  The Italian beef was ok (I really like the one from Rosati's on Losee), the pastrami really hit the spot and the Vegas chili is so yummy!!!It was almost a fast-food/sports bar environment; there were a few TVs in case you don't care for your dining partner's conversation but it was kid-friendly.  I think they do serve beer if you're dining in.  Also, they offer a military discount.Get out there and support this business!
3	The people were really nice and the food was pretty good. I got a chicago dog and a cheeseburger. The chicago dog was decent, I'd order it again. I heard they won an award for their burger, so I might be in the minority here, but the burger patty reminded me of those perfect circle frozen patties you might buy at the grocery store. Not really fresh and juicy like some of the award winning burgers I've had elsewhere. My friend got a polish sausage and said it was really good. I'll be back to try out some more of the menu and hopefully give em a higher rating after.
1	I would l like to say I have a good review, but unfortunately not. I really think that service is the key to great reviews and even if the food or product isn't good most would at least consider a second chance in order for one's to redeem themselves just because of great service. But in my case that service never really came.I went to the place after work one night. After seeing it the day prior while on that side of town, I was excited to see something outside the typical here and there fast food. Plus it never hurts to see so many good reviews on yelp.  I drove out of my way that night and made it to the restaurant about 8:15. I admit I was apprehensive being out late and not familiar with the place and its operating hrs but after seeing a small group of what appeared to be customers because the waitress was serving them drinks and clearly reading the sign outside for a minute or so I proceeded in. I was happy to see a employee come hastily over to what I thought was  greet me but instead of that he rudely said that they closed at 8 and that I needed to go. I was shocked and embarrassed. He walked away never said sorry or please come again just walked away. I then left but not after reading the sign again which clearly stated 9 p.m. I also considered that the doors were still open. I sat in the parking lot and watched for a few minutes and also noted that no-one came to lock the doors which is standard procedure for most places when closing and not wanting any other patrons to make same mistakes but nothing happened. I watched as the waitress continued to serve the group inside. 5 minutes passed and another tray of food came out to the group. I drove away quite upset vowing never to even attempt to come again. I suggest to anyone interested not to come after 8 or you just might be wasting your time because they clearly don't want to serve anyone according to the sign in the window. And maybe if the owners read this you will change the sign so no-one else does the same thing and you don't lose more of what could be potential customers.
4	Came here a long while back and gave the hot dogs a go (which were GOOD)...now I had a chance to try the burger!Pastrami Cheeseburger ($8.29): 1/3lb, Pastrami, Provolone Cheese, Grilled Onions, and Spicy Mustard. Very good burger...very juicy and love the MELTED cheese! Lots of flavor in their pastrami as well...GREAT choice!Also tried the Italian Beef Sandwich ($7.99): Simmered in Italian spiced Au Jus with Green Peppers. Not a huge fan of Italian beef sandwiches, but this was good overall.And the fries :Vegas Chili Cheese Fries ($6.59): Sage Sausage White Chili, Pepper Jack Cheese, Tomatoes, Cayenne Sour Cream, and Spicy Mustard. This was great, with lots of spices in the sausage/chili and sauces. A bit HEAVY on the mustard, but still enjoyable.  PORTION was too big, so I took the rest to work with me, and somehow they still tasted good HOURS later...what the??Italian Fries ($3.99): Garlic Butter Sauce, Italian Seasonings, and Parmesan Cheese. These were very good! LOTS of garlic flavor...yum!  I had these last time I was here and knew we were gonna order them again this time!  I'd recommend these most outta the bunch :PService is fast and friendly here.  I need to stop in more often :)Pics :
4	Always great service everyone is so nice! And the food is always good, yummy greasy French fries
4	Devoted to get some lunch from here based on coworkers feed back and I'm so glad I did! I had a Rueben and green beans fries and both were delish! The Rueben is made with rye bread and was super juicy. Green beans are battered and fried, they come with wasabi ranch dipping sauce and are recommended by staff. I highly enjoyed my lunch and will be coming back to try other things off the menu. This joint has 5 star potential, thus far.
4	Love this place!! Since I lived the first 24 years of my life in the Mid-West (Detroit area)  I really miss this type of food/restaurants.  This place is great.  Thankfully its across town from me so I don't get there often or I'd have to buy a Radio Flyer wagon to carry my fat a$$ around!
4	Found this place on yelp after craving a good hot dog. Good food, Nice atmosphere, and great staff. I tried the Atlanta Slaw Dog. I loved the homemade slaw. Definitely going back to get another and try the other hot dogs
4	I have eaten here many times.  The food is always fresh, hot & yummy.  Prices are pretty average.  You do get large portions too.  I recommend to anyone looking for some great gut bomb food.
4	All the hot dogs here are Boar's Head, but you can choose skinless or a turkey dog. Walking in there were several employees that greeted us. We chose a table near the window and started looking through the menu. The menu offers a variety of not just hot dogs, but also sausage, burgers, sandwiches, chicken, fish, and salad.  Given the name, I had to try a hot dog the first time! Priced at $4.59 I ordered the "Philly Griller dog" that had grilled peppers, onion and cheese sauce. Yum! I couldn't even eat the whole thing so half went to hubby who didn't care for the char taste, but I like a good charred dog. The peppers and onions had a great flavor and there was a fair amount of cheese sauce. I also had some "Italian Fries" priced at $4.29 and had my choice of shoestring or crinkle-cut. I chose the shoestring and it was tossed in a garlic butter sauce and topped with parmesan cheese and Italian seasoning. These were good! I asked for a side of ranch to dip them in and the ranch was good. Our server was nice and checked on us often. I do feel the restaurant could be cleaner inside, but there was a good vibe and I'd go back. You can place your order for pick-up as well.
4	I had heard of this place a long time ago and forgot about it by the time I moved to the area.  I saw it recently while driving around and thought "gee, I gotta get me some of that."  So come Saturday I was really craving a hot dog and off I went to be wrapped up in the menu like a hot dog in a bun.  It is a big menu for such a small place.  There are many different varieties of hot dogs as one might expect from a place called Great Links Hot Dogs.  But there is so much more.  There are also many types of sausage sandwiches to choose from as well.  Did I forget to mention they are famous for their burgers.  Yeah, they have won the Burger Wars burger competition two years running.  Then there are the many diffferent fried potato variations and combinations too.  Onion rings, jalapeno poppers, fried mushrooms.  The menu goes on and on.  I was so fascinated in all the offerings they have that I forgot all about my hot dog craving and went with a sausage sandwich instead.  It was a toss up between the Roasted Garlic and Mozzarela or the Spinach and Asiago Cheese.  The Spinach and Asiago is topped with mustard, mayo, tomato, pickles, relish and sport peppers not unlike a Chicago style hot dog.  It sounded damn good as a Chicago style dog is my favorite.  In the end it was the Roasted Garlic and Mushroom sausage that won my stomach and my heart.  A perfectly grilled chicken sausage stuffed with cheese and mushrooms then topped with grilled onion, bell peppers and mushrooms with the addition on marinara on top of that.  I also got an order of the stuffed jalapenos.  There were six in a basket and were served piping hot fresh out of the fryer.  The crisp coating was not oily despite being fried for about 4 minutes.  The molten cream cheese inside was nearly too much for my mouth to handle but the cooling richness of the ranch dip helped everything slide down.  Add a 22 ounce Amber Bock beer and Saturday is now the happiest day of the week.
5	Really had a craving for a hot dog and my friend had mentioned this place numerous times, so after getting my hair done on a Saturday, I ventured out to find this place.  It is really small. Not many tables, and some bar seating...by bar I mean food bar (diner ish, not alcohol).   I ordered the Kraut dog which came with mustard, onions, and sauerkraut, and then I wanted some tater tots with nacho cheese added. I like that they give you the option of liquid cheese, or shredded/melted cheese when you add them to a side. They also had a variety of fries, and sides.  The tots came out first and they were cooked good..not falling apart each time I pick one up with my fork. The dog came out just after and the snap on the hot dog was fantastic! It was loaded with sauerkraut, onions, and mustard! They don't skimp AT ALL!   I paid $3.75 or $3.95 for the dog, and around $2.95 or something for the tots. My total with drink was $11.50 or so and I was stuffed for the next 5 hours!  Amazing food and portions! Wish there was one in Henderson!
1	This rating is for breakfast. My advice is, go anywhere else besides great links for breakfast. Our food. Took a long time, the "lightly seasoned hash browns" had so much seasoning on them to where they didn't even taste like potatoes and they were smashed flat and they were greasy. We ordered the eggs scrambled soft and they came scrambled hard. The ham steak was generic and quite salty. Toast is a side order  ??We also had burgers there on another occasion and the burgers were decent but their prices are too high for the product delivered. We will not be going back. Ever.
5	I absolutely LOVE Great Links. Now that I've moved from Vegas, I miss it all of the time. I used to eat here for lunch on the weekends, now I wish I'd gone even more. It's a small establishment on Craig Rd near 95, reminds me of a diner. They have many other options besides hot dogs, including brats and chicken, with vegetarian selections as well. There's a decent selection of beers, mostly bottles, and root beer on tap!I always get the veggie dogs, and I wish I knew what brand they used. They taste better and have better texture than all other vegetarian hot dogs. The Chicago dog is my fav, and I also love the NY dog with sauerkraut and mustard. I definitely recommend trying their white Vegas chili, whether it's on fries or a dog. Sausage and sage is an awesome combination and it's delicious. Also, cannot get enough of the grillmaster fries, oh my they're addictive. The service is always great. This place draws a local crowd, seems like many people know the owners/employees. I've had many different waiters/waitresses, eventually a few times each. Everyone is friendly and attentive.I miss it so much ... keep up the great food and service and thanks for the memories! Don't change a thing!
5	AWESOME-SAUCE!!!!This was our first time here, so Charlie had us sit at the bar & briefly covered the whole menu for us & provided us w/ some info abut the place. He was SO nice! Hubby tried the chili dog & I had the Chicago dog (minus the sport peppers). They were DELICIOUS! i'm not a chili fan because I don't really care for beans. Well thiers was pork & didn't have any beans, so it was sooooo good!!Also, I didn't know what sport peppers were & another guy working the grill turned around & handed us a small cup of them to try! ALL the employees there take care of you!!! Oh, thier fry sauce was awesome, too!Will definitely be back! AND.......it looks like they are opening up one by the base in the old Blueberry Hill building! Can't wait!!
2	My kids and I went here to grab some take out just a couple days ago.The pro's-The Italian fries were tasty. Parmigian with garlic and a bit of oil.The chili cheeseburger was good....but here's the thing.The con's- shortly after we arrived there and placed our order, the manager and or owner was well within earshot, telling....yelling at one of his (former?) employees that he was "f'ing fired!". Extremely loud. The other employees seemed a bit shaken up, so maybe that explains the quality of our food.The chili cheese dog was ok. It seemed under cooked. Again, maybe  it was the situation. Definitely willing to give this place another chance, seeing how favorably this place is reviewed....
5	I love this place! It has become our go to weekend spot and the food never fails. Sundays can get pretty crazy and busy but the food is always consistent. I have never ordered anything that I haven't liked. Great food at great prices!
4	My whole family and I love this place! You walk in sit whenever you'd like or you can make a Togo order. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. They have old 6 packs on the table that house their condiments and hold up their paper menus. This is a very laid back no frills place which is great when you just want to be casual. I always order the Chicago dog with a hot link and the clam strips with wasabi ranch so awesome! This is a family owned place so you will see pretty much the same faces everytime you come in. They have beer on draft and even RootBeer on draft! If you haven't been I suggest you go! Love this place!
5	First time here found it thanks to all of you wonderful yelpers...and I have to say GREAT FOOD GREAT PEOPLE AND GREAT AND WARM SERVICE I will definitely be going back. As soon as we walked in we received a warm welcome and were seated right away the server was a delight and really helped us with our choices as this was our first time here the atmosphere was nice and clean and the food WOW I love it and at a terrific price they made pastrami chili cheese fries at request and they were delicious the Las Vegas chili dog was soo good and we loved the cheese fries and all you can drink sodas all that for 20$ can't beat that.......
5	Great Links is the only place I've found in Las Vegas that has both a vegetarian hot dog AND vegetarian chili, enabling me to have a veggie chili dog. Plus, the atmosphere is unique and the staff are helpful. We recently made the twenty minute drive there craving what only they offer. When we arrived, there was a sign on the door saying they were closed for a private party. We called from the parking lot, and they made our food and brought it to our car with many apologies and some free Oreos. :)
3	My man likes the burgers and dogs here. I am not 100% sold. I ordered the Italian Beef and if you are from Chicago, or have enjoyed a really decent beef sandwich in Chicago, This beef sandwich was a huge disappointment. So next time I will stick with a burger or dog.
5	Best hot dogs and sausages in the city. Super friendly staff, great prices, and a good kids menu.
4	This review is for the one across the street from Nellis Air Force base. Amanda was the server and then the corporate manager came over to introduce himself and took on my yelp challenge. Sweet tea is house brewed. She explained the menu to us, and recommend a few tweaks that she likes.  Then someone brought over a few samples of the "Vegas chilli" it was awesome. Japeleno guacamole burger, onion rings Chicago dog hoagie and Italian fries is what we ordered. The burger is huge. The hoagie dog is filling. And the fries were on point. We will be back.
5	The food in this place is ridiculous! Ridiculously delicious! Our server/waiter/host/comedian was really nice! Extra nice to the kids! Made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed...im talking about you Charlie...lolWhen the food came out we were shocked on how much toppings they put in between the bun..You can probably order anything on the menu and will be satisfied. Definitely will came here again and again!
5	Getting a delicious beverage from Starbucks across the way, but needing some lunch and already happened to be craving some hot dogs... Brew House caught my eye.Welp. Their menu is mouth watering from front to back. I decided on the Southern Griller Dog and Fried Pickles with honey mustard to dip. And of course, a Coke.Service was great. Friendly. Did their job and kept busy yet approachable and helpful.I'll be coming back because there's another 15 things I need to try.Verdict? Hell yes. Try it. They've got a vegetarian menu and burgers too :)
4	Awesome sausage dogs and hamburgers. Today we tried the Italian fries, BOMB! My son had the sage chili on his dog. After several times of trying it I have finally decided that I do not like the sage chili. It is to aromatic strong and tasting. Cool idea though.
5	We love this place, we live in south LV but go to church on this side of town and this place a must! My favorite is the Philly Grilled and the Italian Fries (crinkle cut), also love the Ortega Chili Burger! My daughter's love the Buffalo Fries.... and the prices are beyond reasonable for what you get & service is great, they always remember you and are very attentive regardless of how busy this lil place gets.
3	Today was the first time I've been to this place, so it took me awhile to read through the menu to decide. The server was understanding, brought me my drink, and let me work my way through the menu. They have many choices for hot dogs, sausages and burgers along with many other choices, I almost ordered fish and chips.They had a chili burger, normally I make sure whether it's chili the red soup stuff or chili the green pepper, reading the description it said white chili, since I had no idea what that was, I asked the server. She brought me a sample. It's made with a sage sausage, it's a lot like the country gravy I make for biscuits and gravy.I ended up ordering a patty melt. Cheese, grilled onions, burger on grilled dark rye. It was good, not great, but good. The burger patty was lacking, it appeared to be a frozen formed patty, dry after cooking. The preparation, of the sandwich, was great, with a fresh burger patty, that was still juicy, it would have been a great sandwich.The server, I didn't get the name, an attractive young lady at lunch time on 6/19/2014. She was friendly, helpful, attentive, everything a person in customer service should be. I've read all the reviews, they allude to the burgers winning awards, so my burger may have been an aberration. I would say, I will go back and try a burger again, but after reading the reviews about the snap in the dogs, I want to try one of them. Funny thing is, I saw the Great Links sign and I actual went in this place for a hot dog, got lost in the menu and ended up ordering a burger.I believe the 1/2 lb patty melt, I had, was about $7.50, which is about the going price for this type of sandwich, so the price is reasonable.I will be back, you should give it a try.
1	Came here tonight w my husband. I couldn't eat anything there because of how disgusted I was with some serious hygiene concerns:1. Started off with a dirty chair - crumbs and drips of liquid- no big deal, I understand. I asked the waitress wipe it down which she happily did, yet for the fact she only wiped down half if the chair..... Oh well I am hungry, I will sit in the still wet chair with unknown liquid....2. Saw the cook with his gloves on wipe his nose with his gloves. Like a strong finger length swipe of the nostril.  He didn't change his gloves after that. His gloves were also clearly moistened so you can tell that his hands were sweating under the gloves which makes me wonder, how long have those gloves been on? 3. Next a different cook comes out into the dining room with gloves on again- gets himself a drink of water. I can clearly can see water drips through them. He then takes a napkin to his nose and wipes- does not change gloves. Then this guy tries to take our order, same gloves - pointing at the menu what are the featured items, giving me a closer view of the gloves to confirm, yes your hands are sweating bullets under these gloves which appear to have been on for at least 3 hours...  This guy was really nice and the food sounded awesome but the more and more I had to witness this weird Glove phenomenon.... I couldn't even order. Who wears gloves in the dining room of a restaurant????My husband got his food to go, but I am pregnant and after viewing everyone w gloves on and wiping noses, getting personal drinks, taking orders, even flipping through a magazine, and then apparently not changing gloves - too much for me to risk a food borne illness or any other germ.Really sucks the menu looked great too. Everyone was nice, it was just so awkward and the most disturbing thing is that these folks seemed to act like it was no big deal to not change gloves, which makes me wonder goes on behind the scenes in terms of cleanliness.Sorry for the negative review but just had to share this and hopefully management will use this to improve.
5	Decided while I was on that side of town to try this place, since I noticed they had won on Burger Wars on FOX NEWS. I am sure glad I did! The food was AMAZING! Service was Great! It was worth the trip out there (even though I was all ready on this side) My Burger was the best! I'll be back! Thank You for such a great Experience and I can see why you have won three years running!
1	Ordered two BLT sandwiches. When I go the sandwich I could not tell until I smelled it. The tomatoes were very rotten, they smelled of strong urine and had white on them. Food Quality control is not good, I will not be going back to this resturant.
5	This place was amazing! Service was great and the food even better !! It was our first time but it is our new favorite. It has the small intimate family owned feel and the meat is top quality. The food combined with the great service left us very impressed
5	Kielbasa,  Italian sausage,  Chicago dog, all vegetarian sausage links, cheese burgers,  chilli dog,  chilli fries,  vegetarian chilli,  Italian fries...... I died and went to sausage and chili heaven.  This place is small,  family owned and run.  They are so friendly.  They make great suggestions and they have beer on tap and bottled.
3	Me and my girlfriend were in the other side of town the other day and decided to try something different. The ambiance was pretty casual and everybody seemed really nice. I ordered a Bacon burger and a chili cheese dog, and my girlfriend just ordered a chili cheese dog.The food was really mediocre considering it was $6.50 for a burger and $5 for a hot dog. If we were a couple of dollars cheaper I probably would have been okay with it. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars because I cook behind the counter never changed his gloves and was wiping his face with sweat the whole time. Luckily the meal tasted good. Not sure if I'm coming back due to the fact that the prices were pretty high for just a burger and hotdog. And if that guy keeps working here I will not be coming back because that place looks very unsanitary due to no changing of any gloves.
4	Great place to eat good portions big menu its always a struggle to decide everything I've had here has been excellent from cheese frys to the links amazing. Only thing its a small space and I have a big fam and it gets pretty crowded sometimes but over all the food and service trumps all. They also serve one of my fav beers on tap amber bock plus a good bottled selection highly recommend.
5	Terrific take on classic fare! We each had the Great Linski Kielbasa and WOW, what a great choice!  It seems unlikely you could go wrong here and you DO want to hurry in...it's just a great choice for a solid meal that is interesting, satisfying and very generous in its size.
5	Wow! This was amazing! I had the Las Vegas Chili Dog and it was so unique and good! The workers were super friendly and will definitely go back again
4	I have been here a few times. The food is always good. Service is quick as well. Venue is small, but acceptable. I've never had to wait more than a minute to get a table. I like to try different stuff, but I really like the Southwestern Cheese Steak. I highly recommend it.
5	Amazing. The crinkle fries are great and the hot dogs. Mozzarella sticks or cheese sticks are better than most.
3	The garlic cheese fries are very yummy, so are the ones that taste like potato chips. I had the turkey burger with cheese and mushrooms on lettuce and tomato, no bun. Very good. Kids had cheese burgers which were a tad dry. Hubby had the Parmesan chicken sandwich, he liked it. Some cons: it's summertime and the place got hot even with the fans going. Cram too many people in at once. They have bar seating, but it's right on top of the grills. If you can, order to go. It's worth it. Very reasonably priced. Charlie, one of the servers is extremely nice.
4	This place was amazing.  When the kids and adults enjoy it, it's a win win.  Staff gave kids paper and crayons to play with before food came.  When food came the kids ate it and loved it!  My husband and I enjoyed our hotdogs, fried mushrooms, master grill fries, and fresh brewed root beers.  The staff even gave the kids their own pack of Oreo cookies free.  Whenever I'm in need of a hotdog this is the place I will be coming.
4	I was lucky enough to check this place out when I was in the area for a doctors appointment. Wow! Talk about tasty artery clogging food! Leave your calorie and carb counting at the door this place is worth it!They use Boars Head brand hot dogs. They are the perfect start to all their hot dogs and they have tons of them anyway you can think of. They also have tons if burgers and fry options. It was very hard to pick what we wanted because everything sounded good!! We both choose the Philly dog with cheese sauce. Joel ordered the mushroom and Swiss burger. Of course we had to pick cheese fries and onion rings. I ordered a whole dill pickle, but they were out. They were super apologetic about it and instead gave me pickle spears for free! The food was excellent and messy! Be prepared to use ALL the napkins! The hot dogs had a snap to them and could totally be eaten with a fork and knife. The fries were crisp as were the onion rings. Great Links even offers fry sauce. Joel's burger was also tasty and moist. Perfectly cooked too! ( It's hard to get a perfect medium burger sometimes.) We both left so full. I wish they were closer to us, but Great Links is totally worth the drive. If you have the serious munchies this is your spot! Their menu is huge and reasonably priced. Plus they have cheese sauce!!! You can't go wrong with that!!!
5	Love this place!!! Didn't look like much walking in, but the food & variety are outstanding. People are extremely friendly & they go out of their way to make sure your experience is fantastic.
5	It had been over 18 months since my last visit here, and, based on my most recent experience, I'm pleased to restore a 5th star!  Cheese Fries that were smothered with mellow Cheese Sauce was a yummy side.  A Boar's Head Kraut Dog smeared with Heinz Yellow Mustard and ensconced in a blanket of Sauerkraut was suitably hot, and each bite yielded a very nice, audible snap.  A fully dipped grilled Italian Beef Sandwich with grilled Green Peppers tasted very good, but I liked it better with some ketchup.Service at the counter was very good and friendly in a casual atmosphere.  Great Links is a fine haven for topnotch comfort food!
5	Love this place!!! Didn't look like much walking in, but the food & variety are outstanding. People are extremely friendly & they go out of their way to make sure your experience is fantastic.
2	Staff: very busy but nice.Food:- I ordered the Ball Field Dog and French fries,The buns were very soggy, the dog was very hard and tasted weird.The fries were greasy....- My friend ordered a veggie dog, it was very dry....I got sick couple hours later ( I have a sensitive stomach though...) Not my type of hot dogs...never again.I think even weinersnitchel tastes better...Yelpers, I don't understand the 4 stars...As I said, the staff was busy but polite....
5	The food is awesome and the service is Great!!! Everything on the menu is good so try everything - even the kids food is great!! Prices are very reasonable! Great place - has become a family favorite!!!!
5	OMG I thought this place was wonderful.. The food was amazing.  NOT DISGUSTING! as some one else said.  The Philly cheese steak was sooo good and the buffalo cheesy fries were so good.  I have yet met a person that didn't like it.  Wednesday was our first visit and this is definitely my new favorite place.  Even my Son LOVED it.  Great people great atmosphere and some of the BEST food I've had. I am Thankful that I found this place.
5	Great Links Grill, on Craig and Jones, is by far and away the best restaurant of it's type I have experienced. The food is outstanding, especially the Linkski Kielbasa (my recommendation), the service is wonderful, and they even have vegetarian options for all of their meat choices, without sacrificing the menu options. All of the employees are great to chat with as well.Prices are very reasonable for the excellent quality and quantity, and the atmosphere couldn't be more welcoming. I whole-heartedly recommend the place.
5	I just had the most amazing grilled cheese sandwhich here! I was craving an egg sandwhich so the staff were very kind to let me add a fried egg to my grilled cheese with tomato on Rye. They don't usually serve breakfast on weekdays, but they let me special order since they were not busy. It is not everyday that you find a place that is a hole in the wall greasy spoon with good home cooked food!! Seriously, best grilled cheese/egg sandwhich I have ever had. They also have amazing fries and rootbeer floats!!
4	Great find in an unsuspecting location! The menu here is kind of busy so you might have to ask someone to explain all the details to you. But after Charlie broke it down for us we decided we would need to come back at least 4 times to try everything. Great in house made root beer and great deals for beers. Great plus is their ***vegan/Vegetarian*** options with tons of add on options. Family of 7 ate for just over $70 with beers sodas and other drinks and don't forget your 10% discount if you are in the military. Only thing stopping a 5 star rating is the busy menu... It was a bit overwhelming.
1	This is my first time coming here. I live 4 blocks away. This 1 star review is based on the following: I walked in...no one greeted me. It was 12:30, place is half full, 3 people are working...none seem happy. I stood at the counter...no one acknowledged I was even there. Menu's are bad photocopies. Stood for 5 minutes, no one even glanced over at me. I took a seat at the counter...waited 10 minutes...nothing. A new customer walked in the door and NOTHING!! Way too many other places to go for lunch.
4	Very good hot dogs. Loved the natural casing. It almost reminded me of the hot dogs I use to it back home.
5	Food is Soooo good. They treat you like family even when its busy. Love love love everything about this place.  It's like a hidden Gem
4	Great hot dog and sandwich place in my neighborhood. Nice little beer selection too. The fried pickles are good. Check this place out if your craving a good hot dog.
3	I've been several times, and recommend to everyone... however, I brought an out of towner this past weekend, and was pretty disappointed. I got the wrong drink, my burger was wrong, and we only got one of our fry orders. Hopefully the next trip way over there will be worth it...
5	Sitting at hot links grill and I can't believe how much I like it here!... Charlie is the best! So super friendly.  My son even talks about how great he is when we tell people about this great place!!!
1	So I've been driving passed this place for about 6 months. I wanted to like it since the reviews about this place are soooo high...... but........as soon as I walked in my friend  and I were defenetily  not great just looked at as if we were outsiders. Then some kid who's probably 14 years old asked me if I wanted a drink. As I watched him walk away he sniffles and wiped his nose on his arm. Like wtf. Then I wanted to try there mob boss but switch the meat to a different  sausage. I asked the server what's better and he says he doesn't give recommendations. RUDE.  Then I got the mob boss hot dog. It sucked so much. I was beyond disappointed. To top it off as I sat there watching  them cook I noticed they didn't change their gloves at all. From cleaning tables to grabbing  food to serve. DISGUSTING.
5	This place is great, they really listen to their customers. So many customers mentioned wanting vegan mayo, so they now have vegan mayo! I am so excited!!
4	This is my first time eating here and just looking at the menu makes me wanna eat here all year! The environment in there is relaxing but it is a little too small to hang out in there for a long time. They have hot dogs, various sausages, HUGE burgers, various types of fries including sweet potato fries. I'm sure there's more on the menu.I Ordered the Smoked Sausage Deluxe Chili Cheese Dog and the Buffalo Style Fries. The Buffalo Fries was great!! The Chili Cheese Dog was good, but a little too salty for me.Overall it's a good place to eat.
4	Hospitality is top notch as usual. As for the menu, it is more than great dogs.  Ask your server for suggestions if you are stuck or don't see exactly what you want. I usually get soup to complete my meal. They are super helpful in concocting exactly what you want. Also can order ahead if you are in a hurry!
5	First off great customer service. This is a small establishment with a lot to offer. Their focus is hot dogs and beer, but they also offer sausages, hamburgers and hot sandwiches. We enjoyed the Chicago dog, Parmesan French fries and the Italian beef hot sandwich which were all excellent. Worth mentioning was the homemade raspberry tea and the 10% military discount. I will absolutely be returning here for lunch!
4	They have an excellent selection and wide variety of food choices. Each employee was pleasant and took time to speak with us, when they could. Understaffed the night I went with my family, but the waitress was always kind and never forgot to bring us what we asked for even if it did take a moment. Definitely a "hole in the wall" location and size, but damn their food is bomb.com
5	great place. Hot line, bar & tables. Smells great inside. Different types of beers offered, some on tap. Root beer on tap, big menu, vegan & gluten free friendly if that's your thing. Food tastes great. Seriously, if you have a problem with this place - you have problems.
4	Genuinely Awesome Service!! Amazing selection, Best food I've had in a while.  Wonderful experience.
5	PW wanted wieners and when he's hungry, you're better off just going with the flow. Besides we had to give him an opportunity to make up for his food court fiasco the other day. Good call! I too am now a fan of the wiener.Our waitress, Michelle, greeted us promptly, took our drink orders, and made a few suggestions for the midday meal. We went with three different kinds of french fries as appetizers and all were outstanding. Cheesy buffalo, buttery garlic, and grilled onions had us all drooling when they were brought to the table. I opted for the Philly Griller. Covered with grilled peppers and onions, it was quite possibly the best tube steak I've ever consumed. PW got some sort of chili dog, as did IW (no relation). They have root beer on tap as well as draft beers. Definitely coming back for a bite and a brew. Lunch for three was just north of thirty bucks and worth much more. This place gets pumping at lunch time but is definitely worth a short wait. Their menu is pretty extensive including burgers, fish and a variety of sausages.A five-star experience all around. Even if you're not a fan of the wiener you'll be sure to find something to please your palate.
