2	While Dunn's smoked meat is definitely good - i really hate this particular location. The service is awful. The french fries are often cold. You're stuck either ordering a platter (which is way too much for lunch and given this location lunch is their main meal) or a sandwich without the fries/coleslaw/pickle.Why are onion rings over $6? I want a SMALL portion  with my sandwich. It's really nice that you leave the ketchup and mustard bottles on the table, i have to ask for mayonnaise (and we're in Quebec - this is pretty standard) and the mustard is cheap.So - have Dunn's at another location where the service is better.Wait, go to Schwartz's.
3	To begin with, this is not Schwartz's. I had a so-so large chicken soup with the works. It was supposed to have kreplach, matzo balls, and something else. I guess they also forgot the something else.My friend and I had been visiting our old haunts and taking pictures of each other in the lobby of the high we had graduated from in 1964. As we talked we harked back to Smoked Meat. We were not up to driving downtown, so we opted for this location, instead of the aforementioned Schwartz'.My friend had the large smoked meat lean while I had the smoked meat platter Medium Fat. People don't order smoked meat lean! It can be dry and has nothing to do with execution, its just that!Unlike Heather the fries were piping hot, the coleslaw tasty, and the service non-pareil. The service alone almost pushed this up to a 4 Star.If you have time go to Schwartz's or to Smoke Meat Pete's in Vaudreuil, but if you are in that area of the city and you need your fix, this will do well.
2	The smoked meat was dry.  No where even close to Schartz quality in terms of taste, texture and being fresh. Tried their famous Straberry cheesecake, and was not impressed, Cheesecake factory is miles better.Their poutine was just ok.Service was poor.I would not recommend, and I would not go back.
1	WHAT? I sit down for 15 mins get a glass of water and no menus. I keep on waiting, and waiting. now one notices that I am there. The waiters were talking to each other. Didn't even bother coming to see me. I was staring at them, still no service. I was so disappointed that Dunn's would have a scar like this. After the 15 minutes I got up and left.
2	We just moved to MTL and he had never had a smoked meat! We were a bit lost and hungry and stumbled upon this Dunns location. The roomies had just has a great Dunns experience back home. So I decided this would be a great place to intro TJ to the smoked meat sandwich. I was wrong. We split the traditional medium smoked meat platter (sandwich, fries, coleslaw, and a pickle). Positives - enough food for two, the fries were good and plentiful, pickle was tasty. Negatives - a bit on the pricey side (~$15 for what is supposed to feed one person),  smoked meat was meh (dry, salty, overly processed). Overall it was ok but I'll have a hard time convince him to try smoked meat again.
2	Went with my super hot girlfriend we got a dish and shared thank god it was over priced and not that great shouldent go again
