4	My family and I went here for my birthday.  I wanted to pick a spot that I have never been to before and we tried Primo's.  It is tucked away on a quiet street.  The building layout is interesting.  There is a causual pizza parlor on the ground floor, and on the top of the bulding is Primo Tuscan Grille, very unique.  We went on a Sat night and it wasn't crowded at all.  The waiter was very attentive and polite.  The food was good.  I have to say this is a nice quiet little spot.  It is a very intimate setting, almost like a little Italian spot that you would find hidden in New York.  I was very pleased with my decision to choose this place.
1	Will never go again. Went based off a review about this restaurant that really hyped out this place. What a let down due to the food. You can tell that this is a OLD restaurant with a very OLD clientele who are use to the OLD way of doing things.  Now don't get me wrong, I'm a strong believer of 'if ain't broke, don't fix it.'   But I could totally see this place featured on FOX Kitchen Nightmares. Lets focus on the good: Great service, speedy food service and great wine list.The bad: Old furniture, plates, glasses, decor and horrible paint job. Made me not want to eat,  I was worried that I might catch something. Lastly, the driest chicken, and steak me and my date ever had.
2	I know it is restaurant week and a Wednesday on top of that, but we decided to head out and give this place a try since there were two good reviews.  SKIP this place and head uptown or Piedmont Row.  I am not sure who our server was but he had zero interest in making the evening pleasant.  He went through the motions and in one case tossed our steak knives on the plates and walked away.  The food was better than average and the Super Tuscan wine was very good.  We decided to order desserts after dinner and they came straight from the fridge to our table.  I was hoping to find a gem in this place.
1	Primo...Hmmmm the word means "Male Cousin"..odd name for a restaurant.  It is hidden away off Providence Rd..behind Boston Market...Upstairs..in a crooked floored second story. The restaurant was empty, we were pretty early at 5:30 PM but we were sat on a cold porch, in the very back of the room at a tiny - tiny two top table.  The bus boy brought us water and a basket with unimpressive cold bread and butter.  Never had heard much about Primo  and it was Queens Feast so my daughter and I  thought we would give it a try.  We ordered a bottle of wine from Lodi, it was good, called Brazin a Zinfandel. My daughter and I decided to each try a different appetizer. She had the Shrimp St Thomas, it was 4 small shrimp on a plate with a very plain white mustard sauce. I ordered the Portebello Mushroom that had mozzarella and truffle oil..Mine was better than my daughters but still nothing impressive. We both ordered the Chopped Salad...not bad till I had to pull the long hair attached to a piece of blue cheese out of my mouth...done with the salad...We both ordered the Ribeye, odd choice for an Italian place but not too much Italian except  Lobster Ravioli. The plate arrived and the meat looked attractive, the ICE CREAM SCOOP of Mashed Potatoes was not , however.  My daughter took her first bite and pulled out a piece of metal wire..about 1/2 inch long.  We told the waitress and she took it back to show the manager. The steak's flavor was good but the meat was not prime..mine was tough, and it was done rare plus so it should have been more tender. We did not eat any more of the mashed potatoes and they were not fresh, either frozen or boxed, and we were scared of finding more metal. The waitress brought our check, I asked her if the manager was going to come and talk with us about the metal and she said the manager was the owner and the chef all rolled into one..and he was very busy. Hmmmm too busy for a customer who got metal in their mashed potatoes??? Maybe he should have sent the "Male Cousin" over ! Glad this was just a 30.00 check for each of us..Not worth the 30...even.
2	We were looking forward to going to this new restaurant. But the experience was less than ideal. I ordered the stuffed chicken which sounded delectable and really flavorful. But what I got was overcooked,dry chicken and very bland stuffing.  My friend got the salmon, and she really enjoyed her meal. So she probably would give a different rating for this restaurant. But I won't be going back.
1	What can I say other than this place just plain stinks. I usually do not give 1 star ratings but this place had it coming. We went there with friends for dinner and there were several issues. First of all the waitstaff were very snooty and unfriendly. I got the vibe this place was big for the local Myers Park crowd and the whole atmosphere smelled of rich arrogance, so I was a little put off from the start. Secondly, they need to learn how to cook Filet, Both myself and my buddy ordered the Filet, I ordered it medium rare and he ordered it well. The steaks came out cooked identical, both were cooked well done. For a place that seems so arrogant they need to work on their skills in the kitchen to back up the attitude. The third and final insult came with the french waiter there dropped a knife not only once but three times on my wife, all without apologizing. I was beginning to think they were trying to tell us to leave. Save your money, you can get a better steak at Longhorn without paying a premium.
