3	Featured in the "Las Vegas Weekly" (01/18 - 24/07) issue under the "11 Great Greasy Spoons" section, our interest was piqued!  A place that only served goat meat and nothing else?  Hmmm...It's Friday evening and we called in to find out what time they closed.  9 pm we were told.  We rolled into the Commercial Center right before 8:30pm and excitedly walked in.  They were sweeping up and things didn't look promising.  They said we could only order to go now.  (Shute!)  Nonetheless, having crawled out of bed just for this meal, we were not going to say no.  Initially expecting minimal, if any, English, the pleasant girl at the register told us there was only two things to order - chico or grande.  It was going to be either ribs or the hindquarters of the goat.  Oh well.  We got two orders of the stuff and headed out.  The goat meat was sitting in consomme, and limes, cilantro, chopped onions, and corn tortila were each wrapped separately.  Overall, the flavor of the meat was good.  It was crispy at some points, and soft and tender in other parts.  The whole thing was a bit messy and had our car smelling like onions and spices for a few days.  It was a good meal, but lacked a bit of a punch.  (We added some kick of our own when we brought it home.)I noticed they had a website and realized Birrieria Jalisco was actually their third store, the first two being in Southern California.  We felt a bit cheated, thinking this restaurant was unique on its own.  Nonetheless, we had to be impressed that a restaurant can do well on serving goat meat and nothing else.  Worthy to get out of bed for again, I'm not so sure. But a decent meal overall.
4	How can you not love a place that serves food with the only option being whether you order the full goat or the half goat?  (Okay, vegetarians and vegans won't be big fans).  So the birrieria only serves goat and lots of it.  Meat, meat, meat.  Goat, goat, goat.I knew about the goat, goat and only goat menu heading in.  That's what made the idea of the restaurant fun, but no one told me about how delicious the goat is.  I assume they are slow roasting or stewing the meat, because it was so tender and so juicy.  It comes with fresh cilantro and diced onions.  I certainly felt I had overdosed on meat afterwards, but loved every bite.
4	This is the best hangover food in Vegas! It's right off the strip and the food is great. For those that are not that familiar with birria, let me just tell you its the best medicine for hangovers. The meat was perfectly cooked. You can tell most of the local latino community goes to eat here, and let me tell you they dont come here for the fanciness or vegas glamour, they come here because the food is affordable and good.Try birria with a cold Michelada as a breakfast and thank me later.
1	I was really craving some goat on the hunt for this spot today only to swing by and find out... dun dUN DUN! Aww damn, its closed! Sad to hear another specialty spot become another casualty of our dismal economy. RIP!
