4	Considering that I am not spending one dime of my money for this rental, I am quite excited.  This is an older location.  Kind of beat up looking, but planted right in the middle of a few local dealerships, its easy to spot from the road.Going in, the place looks a bit tired and older.  I have to say, the staff here was FABULOUS!  The guy behind the counter was SO funny, and helped me quickly get in and out!  They even picked me up from the dealership!  Holla!Staff made this place amazing.  :-)
5	Thank you to the staff of this Enterprise location.  I rented a car from them as a result of an insurance claim.  The pick-up and delivery service made the process effortless for me.  The staff is very kind and professional.  I would highly recommend them!!
1	If it was up to this place I'd still be sitting in my motel room waiting for a car to arrive to pick me up and bring me over there!When I got to town I looked online for a rental car because I had taken the train here. I decided to go with Enterprise.  This was the office that my daughter recommended because she had used them in the past so I entered this location as my choice  The website said that they had free pick up and drop off so I called them up and asked for a ride over there, which is only about a mile north. They said they would have to call me back when someone was going to head over.  I had an appointment an hour and a half later which was plenty of time.  I NEVER heard back from them. I finally called another location about a mile south of me, explained the situation which at this point I only had maybe half an hour to get to my appointment. The location on Baseline was very understanding and very efficient. They sent someone over within 15 minutes, zooming me down to the office, had me fill out the paperwork quickly and I was on my way in a Dodge Avenger to my appointment which fortunately wasn't very far.So if you need a rental car with a pickup, call the one on Baseline near the railroad tracks. Even though I had a car reserved at THIS location and had called for a ride, they never, ever called or came to my location to get me.  They lost out on what is now an over three month rental.
4	I has a much better experience the second time I came in.  The guys were helpful and informative.  And cheerful.  They didn't have the car we needed but gave us lots of good info.
4	Every was great, I got a free upgrade. My one gripe is I was charged 2 gallons of gas at $5/gallon. I wish the attendant would've let me know I was off by 2 gallons :(
2	I had to use this place while my car was being repaired at a local shop. The one young man was very nice and super helpful, drove me to the repair shop when I repaired the car as well. The reason for the low rating is the actual cars. The first car they tried to put me in was a Camry with the front bumper hanging off. The next two cars were extremely dirty: windshield had so many bugs and dirt you could barely see through, stains on the seats, etc. I would recommend going a few miles out and finding a better rental place or even a different Enterprise in nearby Gilbert or Scottsdale, where the cars are actually clean and nice in those areas.
