3	An A-OK Harris Teeter, this one has so much of the stuff that I've seen in other Teeters - a large produce section that is nicely laid out, a large deli which has a fresh sushi bunker, a cheese area, a large meat and fish department where they will prepare orders and a good selection of groceries and frozen items. Prices are a little on the high side, but you're paying for a more pleasant shopping experience than you would be getting at one of the *Mart shops.Staff is super friendly. The lady who made my sub as well as the one who checked me out were both really nice.
3	GREAT selection.  It's HT, so you're going to pay more.Probably the worst door-ding parking lot in Charlotte.  Shame on you Ballantyne Stonecrest neighbors.  When did that social norm go by the wayside?  Clean store.  Nice staff and traditional HT prices.
4	This is an extremely busy Harris Teeter and they still keep it organized and clean. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful. They have a lot of workers always staffed to make sure everything is kept moving smoothly.  They have a huge selection of wine and a wine consultant to help you make a great selection that fits your budget.
3	This HT located in the Blakeney shopping center is not the closest one to where I work or live, but from time-to-time I stop in here when I am on the way to visit friends.  It seems to be a little smaller footprint than the store at Stonecrest.  However, it is nice and has a pretty good selection of food & beverages. Overall I don't rate this store the highest in the area because of parking.  Getting in & out of the shopping center always seems to be a bit of a hassel.
3	I got sick the other day eating from the salad bar at Harris Teeter on Rea Rd. I also don't know why I end up paying $7-8 for a few pieces of fruit. The Clam Chowder is so off and on (between just right, and having too much like watery paprika/butter/cream), but this particular day-- the pasta salad made me ill. I think it'd been sitting there for too long, and the oxidized vinegar just made it RANK.A tiny portion of pasta salad + soup = $12. Never ever again. A total rip-off!
