1	This is the story of The Great Food Truck Clusterfuck.The Food Truck Festival welcomed us with a hot dirt lot filled with thousands of people standing in zig-zaggy Disney Land-esque lines with maybe 20 - 25 food trucks.  The promotions for this event stated "over 30" trucks would be there, but I guess that doesn't matter since you wouldn't be able to try all of them anyhow.  Each line was 50+ people deep and took 20 - 30 minutes of standing in one to get a bite size sample. You had to stand in THREE lines to get a beer. One for ID check. One for wristband. One for beer. For some reason, children were admitted for free - this created a mess of strollers trying to push through lines and unattended children running around, bumping in to people. The Mister and I were here for 2 hours and tried itty bitty samples from four trucks.  I was so disappointed and frustrated in this event that I asked for a refund.  I was presently surprised that that process was very painless, basically no questions asked. The staff and cooks were all very friendly and did a great job, even though they were all in way over their heads. I understand that this is their first time putting on this event and they will sure have plenty to learn for the following years. I want to support this, and if I hear about changes being made I will certainly try it again next year.
1	Full of Great food IF YOU COULD GET TO IT! the placed was packed and full of CHAOS.The SuperFarm Super Truck was one that made an extra effort to treat people nice running food to people in line. (maybe others did but I couldn't tell)Band that I heard was good.Bricks were on ground that people could trip on. (not too far from short leash dogs) this area was SARDINE SQUISH CITY.AT LEAST WE WERE GIVEN WATER so you wouldn't choke on food. Hopefully next year they will get it together but I'm skipping it.we left early and went out to eatNov.2 slight update,after contacting them we received a refund
2	I don't want to say one star, because some of the food (that I was lucky to get to) was good! Those running the trucks were all kind and friendly! The idea is fun! But this did not work.  It was over crowded, wrong area and wrong layout.  I would imagine a grassy area that the trucks could line up into a single line would work better, so the lines could stay more organized.  Grass for blankets and picnics. Limiting ticket sales should be considered, there was just too many people.  It felt stressful and dirty, we were trying to eat while standing in the next line.  The porta potties were too close to the trucks, they stank, and they were dark.  The water ran out from the hand washing station, thank goodness I stay stocked on disinfecting hand wet wipes. To top it off, the door failed and who knows how many people caught a peak at me hovering when someone opened the door to the one I was in. Yeah, I have a new embarrassing story to try and forget now...  But today, I can't forget because someones food isn't agreeing with us, and we have to stay close to our own clean, well lit bathrooms.   I had the goal to at least try to get a $65 meal worth of food for us, because that is what the tickets cost, but it didn't happen.  We ended up at Jersey Mikes after wards, just to get some food on our bellies.   The good part, the ice cream from utterly delicious was soooooooooo good.  The sweet Caroline from epic hot dogs was very good. The hush puppy from the New Orleans style truck was very good.  The BBQ and coleslaw from the Piggy truck was very good.  The pork nachos were good, the cheese was sooooo good (this was the pink truck with a pretty blond on the front).  The creme brulee was yummy, no fancy steakhouse version, but still enjoyable.  The frybread truck (on the far east side of the lot) wasn't good at all, the bread was doughy and had no flavor.  The lumpia from Hey Joe wasn't good either.
4	Man, everyone who is reviewing seems to have only been there for a short period of time. I got there at about 4:15 and left at 10:30. When I got there, there were no lines and I was able to get food immediately from about 4 trucks. Then I was just hanging out with some friends for 30 minutes or so and all of the sudden it was crazy busy. Lines were long. No, it didn't help that people brought a bunch of children and strollers. No, it didn't help that so many people were allowed to buy tickets BUT this only lasted about an hour and a half and there were in and out privileges so why not leave and come back? We ended up just hanging out and enjoying each other's company...which is a fine thing to do! This is a festival.... not a fast food drive through. I waited in maybe 3-4 very long lines, but they moved fast enough and it helped me portion control. So as the night went on, the place seriously cleared out. I was able to get samples from almost all of the trucks without waiting in too many very long lines. ALSO, it was awesome cuz towards the end of the night, both Short Leash and SuperFarm had late night specials! Fried banana with nutella... yes please! So I think that it could have had better planning or a bigger space, but really, it is the first festival, and it wasn't as bad as everyone is saying, plus, this is AZ, I wasn't so horrified by it being in a dirt field.... a grassy park would have been destroyed in a festival like this and I didn't find that dust got in the food cuz each sample was like one bite...maybe that's just me....it's a learning experience, and I'm sure next years will be even better!
3	Agree with most posters about the setup - left much to be desired.I was smart and arrived BEFORE 4:00 P.M. so I could jump in early for some short and FAST lines.  My 15-yr-old son was with me, and he's a fairly picky eater, which was one reason I brought him - so he could see that there are other foods he might like if he TRIED them.I got a lot of food between 4:00 and 4:30, when the lines were short.  I probably got to try 10 trucks before we left at 5:07.  We went back to some trucks more than twice or three times when we found something we liked.My advice for future events:1.  Help the trucks deliver the samples FASTER.  Not sure how - maybe get them an extra staff member?  But the samples on some trucks were coming SLOWLY, so that needs to improve.2.  Better location, maybe not on dirt, and maybe a little larger.  Once the lines got up to 20-30 people, the going was CRAMPED and it was taking a long time to get your samples.3.  Maybe a lower price for tickets?  Seemed kinda steep for the amount of food each person received.All in all, I enjoyed the FOOD, but the rest of the logistics, not so much.
2	Ok,  Yes, their first endeavor at a food truck festival kind of fell on it's face.  But does that mean that when they get all the feedback and actually try to fix what was wrong with this year's festival you shouldn't go next year?  NO!We wanted to go when the sun was not shining because my husband is a redhead and we wanted it to be cooler.  But we got stuck during the rush.  And while we did get some good food while we were there, it wasn't worth the ticket price (but if the beer we drank was free, then it could have worked).  Some trucks were prepared, others weren't.  I'm not really surprised the the trucks that have been around longest were the ones that lasted at the festival (short leash comes to mind).I was kind of disappointed that some of the trucks were handing out samples that aren't even variations of what they regularly serve.  That bugged me. The fry bread truck right near the entrance was fantastic and had a long line to prove it.  They totally could have used an extra hand and maybe not have given people so many options.  Just hand them the food and make them move on.  That being said, the pork and green chile was soo good.I look forward to seeing improvements on the next one.  I just hope they don't decide to charge more than they did this year.  It needs to be amazing to charge lots of money (I hear the festival in LA is like $75 to get in).  I just wish that every time we walked up to a truck it wasn't dark or had just run out.  That was so lame.
4	Can't wait for next year when they work out all the "first timer" mistakes.  Great festival, great fun!  Next year may i suggest buy your tickets early and online like I did. Walked right in and just started having fun.  We showed up at 4:30 and left at 8:00 and we got to try everything.  We only had to wait in 2 long lines and that was fun because we got to mingle with our queue neighbors and meet some new people.  Great music and loved that it was a nighttime event.  You'll be seeing me there next year.
2	There are many valuable tips from the reviews on this festival, I will try to hit some bases left untouched.At one point I was hungry and just wanted to buy food from the truck we liked the best. When we passed through the 15 minute line I asked if we could put in a order and pay for it. I was told samples only.... totally lame that I would have to wait and wait and wait just to feel full.I found a little pink BBQ truck with cinnamon infused sauce on their meat and a very small line and hit them up a good 5 times over the night to try and get my food value out of the night.The two hotdog trucks both did a very good job on both keeping food coming out to the people, and customizing to keep everyone happy.The dirt atmosphere was harsh at times for this reason... you would be in line eating some tots and then be hit with a breeze of dirt.No Tots and dirt pleaseMany trucks ran out of food early which seems to be unfair to both paying customers and other trucks in the area still crankingIf this becomes the norm, the good trucks will bring less food so everyone can relax after a certain hour, and the customers will miss out.The live music was fresh, but sometimes they were playing over other music on speaker, weaksauce.they need to have a bigger location because the lines were out of control and half the battle would be finding the right line for truck.I almost gave it 3 stars because I did have some good food and at 10 when we left we defiantly had our money worth. Twas a decent date night because were more on the relaxed side, but I could defiantly see many frustrated people just give up after complaining the whole time. Lets hope they make some key changes for the next one...
1	I was excited about a field of food trucks.  I was miffed that I had to pay to get in and THEN pay for parking too, then pay for overpriced food (which people from Scottsdale don't seem to mind? 2 tacos for $10 isn't a food truck price)I got there at 2:30 and the lines were ALL incredibly long.  So we chose one and just stuck with it.  An hour and a half later we got a sandwich.  It was good, but they ran out of stuff as we were waiting so we ended up with something different than we wanted.  There were a lot of BBQ trucks that might've had smaller sample sized items but most of the trucks were just full meals, so I didn't get to sample different types of food.The reason it took so horribly long seemed to be that the organizers oversold the event.  I heard that there was supposed to be maybe 5,000 people and they sold 15,000 tickets.  Food trucks can't move that fast and there were only between 20 and 30 of them.  Mistake. And Yelp sponsored the event - I was HIGHLY disappointed.
