4	The stay here was decent. The rooms were very clean. The bed was really soft though... for someone who likes a firm bed, I would caution them. The staff was helpful and the deluxe continental breakfast was okay. I would stay away from the powdered eggs... Stick to the "do it your self waffles" (make sure you use the butter they put out to grease the waffle maker though insted of that spray on stuff). The location is the highlight of this place. Everything you need is very close by. For eating/entertainment theres hooters, harkin movie theater, pfchangs, cheesecake factory, famous daves bbq, texas roadhouse... etc...etc. There's a very nice mall also down the street, about 5 minute drive down Bell Ave. The staff here was also very nice.
4	I stay here when I go to Mariners spring training and I have always had a pleasant experience. I love how close it is to the stadium.. I once forgot a photo I wanted to get autographed and ran back to the hotel room and back in just a few minutes. Their rooms are large and clean, and I appreciate their breakfast assortment of cereal, waffles, bagels, fruit, yogurt, etc. You're also very close to a lot of restaurants too, which is convenient. The hot tub and pool is nice too-- it's never been crowded.
3	Stayed two nights for football game. Good stay.  I would give this hotel 3.5.  Close to so many great things: Peoria Sports Complex (spring training for Seattle and San Diego), at least a dozen restaurants, Harley Davidson, Target and lots of other places within walking distance.  It's kind of hidden behind another hotel but great location.  And about a mile from the Arrowhead Mall.Great room, nice shower, comfy bed, microwave.  Fridge made too much noise at night so I shut it off before bed (turned back on upon waking).  I do have to say that the breakfast was nothing to write home about. Eggs looked like mini flying saucers that came off an assembly line. I tasted one and it wasn't cooked thoroughly. Tasted bland. Cereal and a few other items. But service was great and friendly.Great location, just off (101).
3	We stayed hear because it's close to the Padres/Mariners spring training and quick access to the freeway. I still don't like how they jack up the price just for the spring training crowds.So-So hotel; poor breakfast, room over crowed. The beds are very soft.Next time I'll look elsewhere
