4	Visited this new deli on Fourth Avenue downtown today for lunch.The Country Fresh Salad with Chicken and Champagne Vinaigrette was delicious!  It had a ton of personality and not the same old boring salad.  It had walnuts, grapes, granny smith apples.  Very tasty!  The chicken was seasoned very nicely, not like many places do.The Turkey and Gouda sandwich was also very solid, but not quite worth the $10 price tag.The thing that stops this place from being 5-stars however is the slow delivery of the food at lunch time.  There was no one else in the deli at the time, and my food took longer than it should have.  If this places was busy, I'd really be worried about how long you might wait.  I'm not sure why it took so long, but surely they know people have to get in and out at lunch time.
5	Really good food here! The wedding soup was absolutely delicious...maybe the best I've ever had. It was very flavorful and hardy...lots of meatballs! I also got the greek salad with homemade Greek salad dressing which was made with very fresh ingredients and the homemade dressing was very good as well. There was lots of stuff in the salad and it kept me full longer than most salads. They are definitely not skimpy on their ingredients. It's in an old bank building and the entrance wasn't very obvious, so it took me a minute to find the deli, but it was worth it!I will definitely be back for the soup again and to try one of their deli sandwiches!
3	The food is okay, but terribly over-priced. I paid for avocado on my $9.50 egg salad sandwich, only to get back to my office to discover no avocado. Also you do not get a side or drink for that price, that is a sandwich only, everything else is extra.  Service was also only okay (pretty slow and the deli was not busy), add that to an incorrect order and I doubt I'll be back. Plenty of cheaper places to get a good or better sandwich, faster.
3	I'm downgrading this place because the price/value just simply isn't there.I've been back a few times and while some of the salads are tasty, the sandwiches are just overpriced at about $10 each.  The bread choices aren't unique, the flavor isn't unique, and the amount of meat on them makes this place just not good enough.If you compare this to Yimmy's Deli(say, $8 sandwiches) or Boulevard Deli($6 sandwiches), those places win in both flavor and cost every time over this place.They really need to adjust their pricing to suit their competition!
