1	More interested in money than your teeth,. Always pushing unneeded cosmetic procedures ( I'm 50, i dont need braces!).  Horrible customer service.  Billing practices are irregular, confusing  and they are unable to explain why we paid so much more than the estimate. They never returned any of my calls for explanation.  we are getting a new dentist!
5	Great practice, great dentist! Been going here for the past six years now and have no plans to change dentists.Dr. Morales is fantastic! I'm not a big fan of going to the dentist, but he makes it easier with his humor and understanding of patient concerns. Also, Tammy the hygienist was really friendly. The one thing I found interesting though is staff turnaround here. Everytime I go, it seems like there's ALWAYS a new crew of people (hygienists, billing, reception, etc.). Haven't had a problem; everyone is great ... You just wonder why this is the case. Recommended!
5	I had to come back and update my review after this weekend. What an exceptional dentist and practice!Been having some pain on the left side of my jaw / face for about a month now. Usually, it would go away after a few hours. Well, not this Sunday. Teeth couldn't make contact with each other without a world of hurt! Called the emergency line; heard back from Dr. Morales within the hour. Phones in an antibiotic (in case it was an infection) and some pain drugs to my pharmacy. *Update 8/27: Found out today that Dr. Block was actually the one that got the message and passed it along to Dr. Morales. Obviously, never been to him for anything dental, but seemed like a nice guy.Thanks so much!*WHOA.To top it off, Kokopelli was able to work me in this morning, no sweat. Doc takes a look. Teeth are pristine, no decay. No infection to be found. . . Whew . . . Wait, what's up with your jaw?!  Turns out I have TMJ - Guess a decade plus of Olympic / General Weightlifting has finally caught up to me. Athletes know what I'm talking about, that "Oh-Holy- $#!+-Clench-My-Teeth-No-Idea-How-I'm-Going-To-Get-Up-Out-Of-This-Super-Heavy-Full-Clean-or-Back-Squat!" type of jaw/teeth clenching.Possibly grinding my teeth in my sleep as well. Got some impressions done for night and sports guards, and some muscle relaxers for the week while I wait for them to be made. Unreservedly recommend Dr. Morales and Kokopelli Family and Cosmetic Dentistry to all of my Yelp friends - Since my whole family already goes here, haha! Come here for all your dental needs if you want to be treated with compassion and as a human being - Not just another insurance claim or dollar sign.It's worth the drive to Ahwatukee. :)
2	I'm an MD, who has worked in several medical offices in the past, and with respect to both sides of the doctor patient relationship, I am surprised and displeased by the lack of organization and apathy toward patient's schedules.  I have a clean dental history, and am just looking for a professional dental office simply for my family's cleanings, but this place does not seem to achieve these fairly modest standards. Scheduling fails: Just got a call today-Tuesday that they are canceling my Friday appointment as they are unexpectedly and suddenly closed that day. (Cancellation call was 26 minutes after receiving an email confirmation to that same appointment no less).  This is not the first, second, or third time they have called or emailed to change dates or times.  I pressed for a reason, and was only given a vague "equipment maintenance." They tried to reschedule for a different day of the week, but my vacation week has been booked for months. It seems getting to an appointment with them always has always had an unacceptable level of drama and flexibility on the patient's end involved, as each appointment involves several phone calls to change when they can see you, if not Kokopelli closing their office at the last minute and canceling the visit outright.Billing fail: The one time we successfully went to them, we gave them our insurance card upon arrival, and before going back said "make sure our insurance covers this, or else we'll make other arrangements," and ... SURPRISE, get a bill for hundreds a month later stating our insurance didn't cover our appointment.Although the office organization seems to be lacking, the staff up front is very friendly, and ancillary dental assistants are very friendly as well. The office seems clean and I personally found the care adequate, thus the slightly greater than minimal score. My pregnant wife tells me they gave her a local anesthetic she's not supposed to receive, after she specifically instructed them not to give her this and a few other specific meds (she gave them a pamphlet of what to avoid).  On my visit Dr. Block seemed just ok, that might be due to a slight personality clash more than anything.Not a fan of writing these negative reviews, and have no major issue with a business dropping the ball once or twice, but have to push back and put my opinion here when there is such little respect for one's time.  We gave this place many chances, we live right down the street and would love to support a local business and take our kids to such a convenient place for years to come, but this place is too high maintenance and unpredictable. We'll drive a little further for a simple teeth cleaning without the drama.Now excuse me while I floss the associated stress out of my system, & swish and spit this experience from my memory.
