4	Shopping at supermarkets like this are one of the only reasons I sometimes miss living in the suburbs - almost. Big, bright, and full of all kinds of stuff. Rows and rows of all types of food products, canned goods, snacks, nice meat and produce section, baked goods, huge frozen section, deli, clean and organized, and fairly priced. Lots of checkout lanes with even some self checkout lanes.Had to come here the other day to pick up a few things for a family BBQ. Scored a nice six pack of chicken breast, bottle of BBQ sauce, and a Carvel cake for a cousin's B-Day. Everything was on sale - bonus! Love the chocolate crunchies in that ice cream cake!Nice supermarket.
4	Love this store.  Best in the area, newer and cleaner and doesn't have weird smells.  The deli section is great and although they say they don't have a new cake decorator they have stepped up their game!
2	I'm a fan of Fry's grocery stores. This location has been here a while but the inside is kept up pretty well. When I'm on this side of town and I need some groceries, well you can bet this is the place I'm going to go to. Normally I would give Fry's a better review but I need to emphasize the disappointment I have in their fuel station. I was so excited to see that Fry's had bought out the local gas station on the corner of the same property they are in. It's cool because it's connected with a McDonald's so it's almost too convenient at times. Nothings better than buying gift cards for every day use and receiving 2x-4x times the fuel rewards points for discounts on gas-Bonus!!!! Unfortunately, this Fry's has decided to put their very brightest & best employee in charge of it all. Now I'm laying my sarcasm on pretty thick so hopefully you can muscle thru it as I complete my review......I've ran into this gem of an employee before but her performance today was priceless. Somethings wrong with the gas pumps and people are potentially losing field points because of the issue. For some reason it's always the not so super awesome individuals that this happens to because they are always the ones that act completely irrational like the world is coming to an end. I find myself standing at the counter trying to purchase a couple drinks while I have to not so polite customers speaking over me to get the employees attention. Mind you, entering the store as well as making my way up to the counter I received no salutations. As I'm standing there trying to purchase some beverages to quench my thirst, the employee turns away and makes a phone call to whomever to alert them of the problem. Stands there for about a minute checking her phone then leaves me and a couple customers in the lobby while she goes to the back of the store and is gone from site. Thank goodness I'm honest and these other customers are enraged enough that they want some type of retribution or else we could have looted the store like the lyrics of sublimes 1992 riot song. Just saying-it could happen. After a couple minutes the employee came out and decided she could ring me up. I don't know why I stayed so long maybe because of boredom or the fact that I thought one of the customers would loose their cool & I wanted front row visibility, who knows.... Hopefully somebody important in the Fry's food chain will see this review & take the time to evaluate & determine if this employee is well suited for this particular position. Bon Chance.
2	I've been coming to this Fry's for over two years since I moved to the area. At first I didn't have many complaints everything was just okay. But more recently actually, I've been noticing they run out of things or they have expired items on the shelves or their produce is no good or things don't ring in right I'm constantly having to go back to return items and get refunds or credits. Think I need to start looking for another grocery store.
