5	Locally owned and operated, casual dining restaurant that is great for a business lunch or a family dinner. Awesome fresh, fast power lunches!
5	Traveling on business and staying at the hotel. I had the special, which was a filet with an over easy egg in top . I loved it!!! Service was prompt. I'd come back again to explore the menu. Everything looks really good!
3	Food was great however the service wasn't good at all. I had to ask for the bread and dip, we had to ask for refills on our drinks. And Our bill was incorrect. Wasn't very impressed with our server.
4	The food at Benvenuto's is wonderful...I especially like the minestrone soup.  Service is generally fast and friendly as well.  The only frustrating part is sometimes they say they will deliver to my house, but then other times I call for a delivery and they won't deliver to my area.  Very odd and frustrating.  The times we have gotten delivery things were incorrect or missing so I suppose either way it is better to just go in and eat.
2	Last time I was here I asked for my ribeye steak medium- well. it was overly well done and dry (fail). Last night, I asked for my ribeye steak medium-well. Again, it was overly well done and dry (fail again).Tonight I call them for room service from the adjoining hotel. This time I order the "Ranch Hand Ribeye" (per the menu - smothered with chipotle sauce, mozzarella cheese and onion straws). I ask for it done medium this time. So, up comes the order missing the soup and the bread that I ordered and zero toppings on the steak. I call down and they send up the soup and bread but spin me a tale about the steak and the computer and  how it should have cost me $3.00 more because I didn't get the toppings that I ordered (what!?). Steak actually was medium-well cooked this time, so I let it go but all in all I'm not impressed.
4	Ordered room service while I stayed at the hotel upstairs. Their calamari is to die for, their rib eye steak is really good, go for the 16 oz. I added fried shrimp but it was really nothing special, would not suggest the shrimp. The tiramisu was the star attraction, in fact one of the best tiramisu I had ever had!! So moist and decadent, a must have!!All in all they serve some really good food for a family run chain, as close to being authentic as you could get.
1	Ordered chicken parmesan, noodles dry and not enough sauce, chicken burnt and lack of cheese is a joke. Ordered french onion soup and was given minestrone.  Onion rings tasted nasty and the only edible thing was the salmon.Greeter on the phone needs to learn english as we had to repeat things multiple times, maybe she has adhd.McDonald's down the road has better quality.
3	I hate to give this only a three star review, we go there often and it is always a wonderful experience. That is of course until we decide to take friends from out of town with us as we did this night.When our dinners came out several wait staff brought it. All but one of our dinners came. After a few minutes my guest got up to inquire about the missing meal and a waitress he found assured him it would be handled. After 10 minutes our original waiter came over and ask how everything was. We told him the person without food in front of them was not enjoying watching the rest  of us eat. By the time the missing meal arrived we were almost done eating and was boxed up a few minutes later. Apologies were given but no offer to at least not charge us for the uneaten meal. My guests were treating to the meal, and were gracious about the event. I would not have been so forgiving if it were me. Very disappointing.
3	The restaurant is actually in the Holiday Inn I'm staying at during a business trip. I decided to try it (especially since the hotel gave me a coupon to use) I at there twice and both times it was empty (which I don't mind) the service was good and the food was good tooI had:Smothered cod:I liked the taste but it was a bit oily (from the pounds of cheddar they put over the cod and shrimp) the garlic mash was good too  Shrimp Alfredo fettuccine:This dish was humongous and tasted good(although I added salt  ...but I always add salt...I know I know )Both meals had loads of shrimp. Soft drinks have free refills (nice)If in the neighborhood  I'd say go for it  but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there
2	Our family took my mom here for her birthday- what a huge mistake.Our reservation was for 7:00 and we were sat immediately, but no one came to our table to even give us water for 15 minutes. It might had been longer if we didnt go back up to the hostess and inform her that no one had helped us or even so much as checked on us. From there, we had to ask twice for the complimentary bread (which was salty beyond reason), the waitress had no knowledge whatsoever of the wine or beer selections, and I had to ask twice for a beer I ordered because the waitress forgot to put the order in the first time.The food didn't make up for how completely awful the service was. It wasn't bad but it was nothing to write home about- in my opinion the menu is a little overpriced.We were comped tiramisu in place of a small birthday sundae and that was quite delicious.
