3	I'm shopping for a car and did some research online for what I wanted.  I found their website and saw a couple of cars that caught my eye.  There's a button to submit an offer for a car, which I did....however, they never responded.  Hmm...so I decide to drive down to the dealership to check it out.  I saw the car there so I pulled in and walked over to take a closer look.  It was really nice and I wanted to test drive it, but it was raining, so I told the guy I'd come back another day when it's dry.  A few days later, it was gone.That was about three weeks ago.  Since then, I've popped in/out several times as they are continuously getting new cars.  The customer service here is so/so.  Sometimes, a really nice guy will come out an greet you and answer questions.  Other times, you have to walk inside to find help.They have a good selection of cars, but damn do they sell fast.  I'm not the type to buy fast, especially with a used car.  I need to do research, etc.  However, in this case I've missed out on every car I was interested in.Return Factor - 50%
5	Love the place.  High end cars , great service.
5	I purchased a BMW 528i from these guys. The price was right and Tom was very helpful through the process.
5	Over the years, I have bought 6 used cars from Plazamotors in Arizona.  Alex was always excellent to work with.  Honest, straight forward and to the point.  They would show me the invoice, and explain their profit over wholesale that they obviously have to make to stay in business.  After shopping around, i would always go back to purchase from them.  Basically, I have always gotten excellent prices without having to do the whole drama theater thing where you get up and leave for them to drop the price.  Good people.  I would recommend this dealership to anyone looking to purchase an awesome car at an awesome price without the hassle.
5	I recently bought a car from Justice at Plaza Motors. This is right around my sixth time buying a car from a dealership and this was by far the least hassle experience I have ever had! I had originally gone to purchase a car found on their website but it was gone by the time I got there. I explained the type of car I was looking for and Justice showed me another comparable car they had available. I did not buy it the first day but Justice was very friendly, helpful, and professional. I went back two days later and was driving my car home in less than an hour! It really only took that long because we were talking about other things. Great experience, thanks Justice!
5	LONG REVIEW, but informative.  Stick with it, and it will be worth your while.About 3 years ago I bought my car, and was in LOVE.  A 2005 Acura TSX with 6 speed manual transmission.  Low-ish miles and low price tag.  First car a I drove in my shopping experience.  But as I never buy the first thing I try, I kept looking.  Burning up the hours, miles and internet research... 3 days later, it was still available so I bought.  Recently an unexpected event (read accident) required me to purchase a car.   I was desperate to replace my Acura, but I couldn't find one that I was interested in unless I was willing to fly to Texas.  So, I scratched Acura off the list, and widened the search.  Of course, I want nice things with bells  whistles but I don't want to pay much.  I ONLY buy used, but I want it to look, act, drive like new.  And, my husband had some criteria:1. budget $10000 max2. car payment could not exceed $275/mo3. only $1500 down.Let the crazy internet searching begin.  True to form, first car I drove I loved and was going to buy.  However, that didn't work out (see review on BMW of N Scottsdale).  Convinced now that I wanted a BMW Convertible, I found myself at Plaza Motors.  Stopped by late one night.  Andrew was nice answered all my questions, and then left me & my husband to look at the car in peace, kick the tires, point out the good/bad, etc. My husband thought it was the car.  Running out of time & options, and not wanting a repeat of that experience in N. Scottsdale, I asked about deposits.  Andrew was very thorough in explaining Plaza Motors policy.  $500 to hold a car, non-refundable (and he explained why).  I agreed to put down the money.  The next day I was having doubts.  I probably called Andrew 3 or 4 times that day.  I even stopped by.  I was all over the place.  Wanted to buy, didn't want to buy....  Wandering the lot, I saw a nice 2001 BMW 330Ci coupe, low mileage.  Not at all a convertible, but it looked really, really nice.  I took it for a test drive, followed by more indecision.  Andrew suggested I got talk to my husband, and take more time to think about it. All during this time, I am reading yelp reviews about every dealership in town, including Plaza.  Geez, probably not a good idea. The next day (Saturday) I was up at 3 am searching the internet.  I was convinced I could get a new 330 Convertible for low mileage & low money.  Disco! I found it.  I sped to the dealership and looked at the car.  It was rougher than I wanted, but easy to fix and the price was great.  The catch? It wasn't really the dealerships to sell, yet.  WHAT?  So the manager explained the situation, and I decided to pass.  Back to plaza motors; I mean I had a $500 deposit there.  Once I was on the lot, I took another look at that coupe.  She was just so sexy.....   My husband took it for a spin and looked at me like I was crazy.  Hands down the best car we had driven.  And did I mention the price, stupid inexpensive!  Justice was great on getting me the finance terms I waned.  I am paying less than on my Acura.  He was patient and answered all my questions.  I am sure the guys there got a chuckle out of it, but they didn't seem bothered as I read every piece of paper I had to sign, and asked a couple more questions.Justice, Andrew, and the crew @ Plaza Motors.  I wanted a few things fixed (for free of course).  They were honest about what they would fix at now charge to me and what they would get fixed and only charge me their price.  I noticed a noise.... and they promptly said they would fix it.  I bought the coupe, and about a week later picked her up.  About a week later, I noticed 1 thing hadn't been fixed, so a quick call to Plaza and that was taken care of.I thought I had a really awesome experience buying my Acura.  It was good, but PLAZA MOTORS was by far the best.  Truly a hassle free, low pressure experience. I will and have recommended them to all my friends.  Recently stopped by to pick up more business cards... now that is saying something!
3	This is a long review, but well worth your time I purchased a vehicle from Plaza Motors that had several issues, including a major mechanical issue with the transmission that I was not made aware of until a week after my purchase when it leaked massive amounts of fluid all over my garage.  While I would normally give a lower rating considering some of the unsavory things that went on, it is the resolution of the issues that is the redeemer. Firstly, we were straight up lied to about our trade in - a vehicle we bought for almost $30K 6 months ago. We were told they would be MAX listing it for re-sale at $21K, hence their low ball offer. They listed it for $25K - your typical slimy used car dealer crap. You're honest with them but can never get the same respect in return. Anyway, as for the issues with the Range Rover we purchased - several of the minor issues we signed with our contract for them to fix. However, under AZ law, the dealer is required to repair any major mechanical issues that prevent or significantly impact the ability to drive the vehicle (my transmission issue). I wanted the car repaired only at Land Rover by this point because I was extremely uncomfortable, and the guys at plaza motors were respectful of that. Because my vehicle could have been repaired elsewhere for cheaper, they put that money toward my repair at the LR dealership, plus a little extra for another issue with the vehicle that didn't impact the driving experience, but it was still pretty dangerous.  Because of this resolution, I can't give the guys a bad rating. But I do not believe my vehicle was inspected prior to re-sale, and they also sold my friend a vehicle in which the horn didn't work (which they're repairing). If you are considering buying a vehicle from this dealership BRING A MECHANIC TO CHECK THE VEHICLE!!!! Do not trust a thorough inspection was done on your car, because it most likely wasn't. Most of my issues with this purchase are resolved, the big ones anyway, but I'm totally jaded by the stereotypical slimy used car salesmen experience and I will only purchase vehicles from the big names in the future, as I always have in the past. Lesson learned.
