4	I've lived here for six months now. This complex is definitely comparable to all other complexes I've been in.The area is gated, occasionally the gates will break and it takes about 5 days maximum for them to fix it, much better than previous places.Maintenance usually took about 24 hours to fix the things in my apartment that needed done. Usually they're an easy fix but they still show up. The complex itself is usually kept clean and like any places they have stray and/or feral cats that scavenge the area for food or other things, unfortunately there is always at least that one neighbor that decides it's a good idea to feed the cats, so more come and they stay. All-in-all, this complex is by far much better than any apartment I have lived in before.
1	Where do I start? I guess it's ok if you like ghetto. When we looked at the place they of course showed us a model apartment right near the office, which was very nice. Then we moved in to our apartment. The minute I got the key, I went and looked. I walked in to the main bath and there was a roach on the counter. I of course don't do bugs so I called the office, they acted all "shocked" and said they would spray. I moved in a couple of days later and saw more. After  I moved in they suggested bombing, yeah wouldn't it have made more sense to have done it before all my belongings were in the damn apartment? That was the beginning. Then we had a neighbor upstairs who liked to drink and walk like he had bricks on his feet. His kids would jump off furniture and they had a dog that was constantly running ....running through the apartment. Even at 2-3am, since both parents worked graveyard there was nobody watching the 3 boys ages 9-12. They also never picked up after their dog. When we moved in we were told to "let them know", which we did. It turned to them telling me I had to have photos or videos of this happening. Are you serious? Then there were the neighbors who had loud parties every single weekend, at one point it looked like they were running hookers. It took them 7 months to get them to replace the air filter in the ac. We had scorpions in our unit. One of the girls in the office constantly failed to write up work orders. The security gates which was one reason that I moved in were always broken. Before we moved out the front gate was broken for 2 months and the side gate (in a dark walkway where my apt was) was literally broken for 7 months. They try to come off as high end, but they are seriously diluted and way over priced. I never felt safe and honestly would never recommend someone with standards living there. And yes my rent was on time every single month, I wasn't a bad tenant and moved out at the end of a one year lease.
