4	Great hotel, nice staff, tasty free hot breakfast, pool and hot tub, very comfortable king bed. Only minor downside was that the free Wi-Fi Internet seemed to block Facebook logins. That said, the Internet was at least FREE. Pets welcome too!I'd recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Mesa. Bring your iPhone or iPod Touch (or similar) to get into Facebook over the Wi-Fi.
3	My husband and I are traveling cross country from NJ to California. All along the way, we have been using Hotels.com to book our rooms. This hotel had decent recent reviews, so we took a chance and checked in. When we pulled up in front, there was a side door open with about 6 people standing outside smoking. Streamers were hanging in the front walk way, I'm guessing there was a birthday party in their rented hall. My husband went inside and checked us in, while I waited in the car. There was an interesting cast of characters streaming in and out while I waited. Returning for me with the room key, my husband unloaded the car and we made our way inside. There is one elevator. It takes a bit for it to travel up and down the 3 floors of the hotel. We were on the second floor. When we got off, it wasn't clear which way our room was, but with a bit of navigating, we found it. The room itself was better than we had expected based on some recent reviews. It was clean. The sheets were white and spotless. The bathroom looked ok, small, but ok. Sure, they could use some updating in here, but for the price we paid, we weren't complaining. We had read a recent review that griped about the TV. Flat screen? Really? That's all you can complain about? Consider yourself blessed then. We left for dinner, and returned to find that a baseball team (young kids.. maybe 10yr olds?) had checked in. Our room was located above the pool area (it's chilly out so we weren't concerned too much) and oddly enough.. for a cold night.. there was a lot of traffic down there. Not "swimming" mind you, just opening and closing the creaking banging gate. At 10pm. And then again at 6am. Special.On top of the gate banging, apparently in AZ it's OK to let your kid run the hallways of the hotel. And scream and carry on. Unreal. I don't know about you, but my mother NEVER let us out of her sight when traveling, let alone allowed us to annoy other people who were trying to rest. Not the hotel staff's fault, I know, but it would have been nice for them to have addressed it. In the morning, in the shower, the water wasn't draining and by the time it was all said and done, I was up to my ankles in it. (sigh)Overall, would I stay here again? If I had to.
4	We arrived at 2 a.m. after a long drive from Las Vegas to discover that the hotel was completely sold out. Fortunately the friendly night clerk was able to find our reservation quickly, and we made our way to our room and fell asleep at once. The room was large enough, and even though the hotel was sold out, there was little noise from other guests. Physically the hotel itself is basic budget accommodations, but what makes the difference here is the helpfulness of the staff and the extras. The free hot breakfast was plentiful and tasty. The hot offerings consisted of: scrambled eggs, bacon, hashbrowns (day 1) and scrambled eggs, hash browns, and biscuits and gravy (day 2). The only thing it was lacking was fruit. (Don't forget to take a couple of dollars to tip the kitchen staff.) The breakfast room was large and had enough tables that we never had trouble finding seating-- and, remember, the hotel was sold out. There was also supposed to be some kind of evening snack reception (probably cookies) but we were never at the hotel during that time.The room decor wasn't anything special, but the room was clean, and the black-out curtains were awesome. The beds were comfy, however the pillows were very hard. The TV was an older, non-flat panel, but the cable was good. WiFi was free, but pretty slow. I suppose that could be a result of so many people using the network. The shower had plentiful hot water and sufficient pressure.The pool and spa area were well-maintained. We did not use the fitness center.The hotel's location is very good. The freeway is near, but not so near that you get noise. There are a few, mostly fast food, places to eat. And there is a WalMart within waking distance.Basically, this hotel, while older and not flashy, is a good value for the dollar.
5	Nice looking place.  The staff was friendly and seemed genuinely concerned about my stay.  The room was very nice, everything worked, and it was quiet.  I'll be back.
4	We were in town for Spring Training and hotels every where were pretty expensive. I saw good reviews and decided to book this hotel, even though it was 20 mins from Scottsdale (since we rented a car anyway). The hotel is easy to find, in a kind of random area...not a view of much. The hotel is a little older but clean and comfortable...nothing fancy but It was well taken care of. The free breakfast was pretty impressive. Customer service was pretty good. My only annoyance was that we asked for extra towels (only 2 in the bathroom) and had to call the front desk 3x and it took 30 mins, that was lame. We realized after we got there, that if you are staying in Scottsdale near the stadium or downtown, you don't need a car so it makes sense to pay more and skip the car and stay in Scottsdale. Nice hotel but next time we'll stay closer to the Spring Training action.
5	Awesome!!!! Outstanding customer service, Clean and very well kept.  I will stay here again with my family for our next Arizona trip.  Very central location for malls and eating places.  Complementary Breakfast was also awesome, waffles, pastries, eggs, bacon, sausages, coffee, cereals, fruits, muffins, breakfast potatoes, orange juice, toasts.  Great services!!! Friendly staff.  Definitely a must stay.
2	Newly remodeled?  Where?  The room I stayed in was anything but renovated.  There was a tear in the sofa, chipped paint in the tub, the light fixtures and soap dish were pulling away from the wall, and the shower head was one of those ones with the various pulse settings that I had in the 90s.  I am not sure my room was even cleaned before I checked in.  Half the towels were on the floor.  There was a plastic cup on the vanity.  There was an open hotel soap, still wet, on the counter.  And there was hair (I'll let you guess what kind) in the shower.So the room was a disappointment and the breakfast wasn't a lot better.  There was very limited selection and the selection didn't change for the entire 4 days I was there.  It was hot and it was pretty decent food, but it was plain.I can say it was a very quiet location.  I didn't have to worry about any traffic or room neighbor noise at all.  And the staff was very friendly and helpful whenever I came across them.  Overall, however, I was not impressed.
1	ROBBED!!! My brother and his girlfriend checked in, dropped off their things, went and had dinner, came back, opened the door and ALL their bags were gone! There was NO forced entry so either someone who worked at the hotel, or a negligent staff that allowed an old room key to work!!! Beware!!!!!!
4	We stayed here for a week for Spring Training.  The location cannot be beat.  It was right off the freeway but you didn't have any of the freeway noise.  The staff at the hotel was very friendly.  We checked in late Saturday afternoon and they had fresh cookies.  The hotel offers a free breakfast.  Unfortunately we never ate there.  With a Dunkin Donuts near by we needed to get our DD fix. :)The rooms were nice and had lots of room. We had a king sized bed, a couch, and a desk.  The TV was old but we didn't spend much time in the room so it was okay.  I liked that there was a fridge in our room.We will definitely be staying here next year for Spring Training.
4	The hotel was everything I'd expect: clean, nice staff, good breakfast, located close to expressway, great price, free WiFi...My only complaint would be the construction happening next door. While that's obviously not the fault of the hotel, it was a bit of an annoyance with the restricted access from the street.I'll be back, for sure. As a matter of fact, I'd like to see about a short-term (say, 1-month) stay...
5	Have to say this place was wonderful!  Stayed here for Spring training and some R n R and have a great stay.Lets start with the great staff went out of there way to make us happy. The Chef Donna was fantastic all breakfasts we re fresh and hot! Did I mention free!  We saved a bunch of money! The room was basically what you would expect the bathroom was tired but we weren't in it much! Free WiFi and Fitness room! This is a great value for the money!
4	this place is better than most Days Inns.  i know that's not saying much but it needs to be said - i know someone's looking at these reviews and thinking, like i was, "what if all these people just really like Days Inn??"  no.  this one's a bit different.  i would stay here again.
4	Thanks to spring training, all the Hilton properties were either booked or outrageously priced.  After initially booking a hotel and subsequently reading reviews about how police frequented said hotel, I immediately started researching other options in the area.My search brought me to this Days Hotel.  It has pretty legit reviews on TripAdvisor (#3 hotel in Mesa) and it also offered a really reasonable price (considering what I was seeing), so I booked via the website.  The hotel is in a really convenient location (aka right off the highway) and located across from restaurants and stores.  Pros:-Super friendly staff (and let me check-in early!)-FREE wifi-FREE breakfast (some hot items, waffles, cereal, muffins, etc)-Windows open! (well, there's screens!)-Comfy beds + fridgeCons:-The room did smell a little old and musty, but the opened window fixed that!-The tub was a little slow to drainAll in all, great overnight stay!
5	Great staff, amenities, rooms were nice and beds were super comfy!  There's a pool, spa, fitness room and an ice cream machine, totally convenient.  Stayed here for two nights, very quiet with no issues.  I'll be coming back to this hotel!
5	Really nice place. Friendly lady at the desk. The room was comfortable. Free wifi. And the free breakfast was pretty good: eggs and bacon! Plus the usual oatmeal/bagels/waffles choices. That was a nice surprise. We would stay here again for sure.
4	I got an excellent deal for a bit short of 200 USD/night; abslutely worth every penny. The Hotel is located centrally and offers a great view over AZ, the room was in very good condition.
