4	Took a while, but I finally found a place to get my hair done and not have to wear a hat for a month before I get another cut.  Great cut, knows how to do color (need to camouflage the grey) and the pricing is very reasonable.  Alicia is the best!  Thanks for restoring my faith
1	I took my 3 year old here for a haircut and he walked out with the worst one ever.  I understand he is a kid, but he always sits still for his cuts.  The stylist looked as if she was not comfortable cutting his hair and completely rushed through it.  We were out of there in 10 minutes!  To top it all off, she cut his ear with the clippers and didn't even bother to wipe the blood off.  When I made my appointment, I made sure to tell the receptionist that I was bringing in my 3 year old.  Not sure why they gave us someone who clearly isn't good with cutting a child's hair.  We will definitely not be going back.
5	This salon is one of the best in the valley. They have very good customer service and there workers are always trying their best to please the customers. Every time I go there I always come out looking amazing!
4	I been long over due for a hair cut. I finally found a decent place with decent price. They didnt have many review but I figure just to give it a shot. I call in first to get an appt., then I asked for an estimated price for long hair. My hair is above my waist line and over my bra bust line. She quoted me roughly for all over hair color starting $47 and up. Hair cut are $15 no style. My hair stylist name is Kallie. She was super helpful and nice. She told me exactly what needed to get done, if I agree we proceed after she gives me the final price. So there isnt any surprise when I pay at the end of my session.I did an all over color in dark brown, quarter low lites and hair cut. She also threw in deep conditioning during the shampoo process. After the blowdry she also straighten my hair to make it look nice. Since I had a day off and was running errand. She wanted me to look extra nice. So sweet! I am planning to come back so my nieces can get their hair done by Kallie. Love you!
5	I've always gotten awesome haircuts from this place. They know what you want, and try to help you even if you don't know what kind of haircut you want, and also offer different styling products to you. Great place for a quick haircut.
4	Let me start off by saying that Maggie is awesome!! I just moved here, literally a week ago, and I was long overdue to a hair cut and color.  I hate trying to find a new hair dresser, but I struck gold and the Val Vista/Ray location of Arizona Hair Co.  Maggie listened to what I wanted, looked at 2 pictures I brought it and helped me find a happy medium.  Although Maggie was awesome and super professional, the rest of the salon was not.There was a lady that appeared to be the manager who was hollering across the salon, eating in front of clients, and at one point she opened the front door and started thrusting towards something outside.  When I first called and made the appointment, the receptionist was rude and very short with me, and she wasn't very pleasant in person either.Although it wasn't a perfect experience, Maggie was totally worth it and I will be going back to her.  Oh and I forgot to mention, the prices are awesome!!
