3	Every casino has its own center bar, this happens to be the one for Paris.  Right across from the Le Cafe Diner, this place is always swarming virtually anytime at night.  And because of the lighting within the casino, drinking here almost feels like drinking outside (minus the Vegas heat).Prices here aren't too bad for a casino bar, cocktails are reasonably priced though specialty drinks can be as much as $15 each.  Service has been prompt, courteous and quick almost each time I've stopped by here.  And because its in a casino, the smoking can get a little heavy at times.  This is one of those places to people watch while relaxing with a drink or ten.
4	There is one reason to visit Le Central: Happy hour. Seven of them, in fact. From 12 noon to 7 pm, Le Central sells its (very tasty) martinis for half price. This doesn't make them cheap, but it does make them reasonable, and that's something, especially in a nice place on the Strip.Le Central is often crowded, so it's hit or miss whether you'll find a table or a seat at the bar. But if you can snag yourself a seat, this is a nice place to sit and watch the world go by.
2	A nice little lounge that became a pit stop.  You have a bird's eye view that expands over the casino.  Our server was extraordinarily rude, but I wasn't about to let that bother me, I was on vacation.  I may go there again, I may not...but it's good to know it's there.
3	Le Central is  "thee" hang-out bar in Paris, it's just always the place to find people. With it's awesome location and watered down drinks, it's the "it" place to be whether you are meeting up for a quick drink before going out or winding down a long day. The bartenders are hard to get the attention of but once you do they are really cool.
3	To echo a previous reviewer, the 2for1 Martini deal is a good reason to visit but its still not cheap.  Four Martinis after the discount still came to $32.  I'm not sure I would pay full prices here, at $16 a drink.Service was friendly enough, and the setting is certainly fun.  Big comfy seats, ensconced in big faux wrought iron railings, surrounded by all the people wandering the cobbled streets of Paris.  Its a fun place to people watch and relax for an hour.
4	The main reason to go here is to people-watch and to drink 2-for-1 (i.e. $8 a piece) martinis.Luckily for me, a Manhattan is a martini, and my cocktail of choice.  I was flying solo, so I grabbed two of them, a nice chair with a view, and my Kindle.They don't skimp on the booze here - both glasses were full to the brim - and the bartender knows how to make 'em smooooth.
5	Absolute dream and chocolate martinis to die for! Strong and delicious! $16 each but come for the 2 for 1 deal from 12-7! The bartenders here are friendly and there was plenty of seating with views of the casino and passers by. It was a nice stop to chill out and cool off for a bit! Plus, they fill your glass to the very, very top! When the bartender poured my chocolate martini it was a bit short so she literally mixed in all the additional ingredients and poored some left overs in an additional glass. YUM!
4	As other reviewers have commented, this bar offers a 2-1 martini deal 12-7pm Sunday to Thursday. Their official martini list is on the short side but the bartender I had (Darren I think) was more than happy to make a variation on the martini list when I told him what I was looking for in a drink. He'll give you your second martini right away but if you're not impressed with the first he'll make you a different one free of charge until you tell me that you're happy with it. Just don't get the Chambord Fleur de Lys: it's a martini that sounds delicious but is so sweet that it tastes more like a desert than a martini. Le Central offers good people watching, one of the better martini deals on the Strip, and a casual place to strike up a conversation with a fellow Vegas visitor. However unlike most other casino bars you can't play video poker at the bar, meaning no comped drinks for playing but those other bars probably serve worse drinks so it all evens out.
3	Overpriced, and not that great.  This restaurant is located in the lobby of the hotel and is therefore very busy and loud. The service was average and my food was too salty (had the fish and chips).  The portion sizes are large which is a plus.
5	What a great spot inside the Paris Hotel at this circle bar in the middle of things. You feel like you're in a little french village, watching the people go by! Great for sitting with friends while enjoying a cocktail!
4	Great people watching bar. Located in Paris hotel this is a round bar with plenty of seating 3 steps up from the casino floor. You can watch the passing parade of shape sizes and outfits while having a drink or two. Like most of Vegas drinks here are expensive - $16 for a regular Martini. If you drink Bloody Mary's they have a special Ketel One Bloody Mary for $6.I'll stick with the Martini and if you are looking for a better price you can walk through to Bally's where the Martinis are $12.
5	Located in Paris Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip.This is their lobby bar. For the uninitiated a lobby bar in Las Vegas is not some sleepy little lounge with some cat playing oldies on his Casio while you sip a subpar highball. This a full blown scene. Great for people watching while you enjoy a proper cocktail. Sure it's loud sure it's wild, but hey this is Vegas! A great place to stop in and have a touch of the creature to get your evening, or morning started, I did say this is Vegas didn't I? It's open 24 hours! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
