5	Look a new hookah place! Where.....? Right there! Where....? All I see is an Arco station. Wait.....is that really a hookah lounge attached to a gas station? Yes!I live around the corner from Insomnia Hookah Cafe and I have to admit in the months leading up to their grand opening, I thought it was a prank. I mean it's kind of the last place one would expect to find a hookah lounge. We finally went in last week and boy am I glad! We were greeted by Joe who was friendly and welcoming. The place is much nicer than the outside would lend you to believe. Plenty of nice new leather couches. Couple of plasmas on the wall and some nice music playing. The place is 18+ and does not serve alcohol. They sell sodas and light snacks. The best part is everything including the hookahs are cheaper then most places in Vegas. I have been back a second time and had the pleasure of meeting Majed "Magic" on my second visit. Very nice and friendly and both guys seem to have the knowledge and experience to make a great hookah. They say they are announcing a happy hour soon which should make an already great deal better!They are open from 5-1am weekdays and till 3am on Fi/SatPop in and give them a try. You will not be disappointed!
4	What we jokingly referred to as "Gas Station Hookah" before they opened has turned out to be one of the best bets in town for hookakh. Insomnia nearly fills the void left by Stephanos, but is still not quite perfect. Hookahs are good, and well-priced. Coal service is pretty much spot-on. Seating is comfortable, and fairly versatile, but as always, could be slightly improved. The decor is plain, but does the job very well. The service is mostly friendly, and the hours are as a good as I could hope for. And maybe the best part? It's on Pecos & Windmill! Right around the corner!A few caveats, however. They don't serve alcohol. The trade-off is that they are only 18+, which, I'm sad to say, occasionally comes in handy for me. They also don't have much of a food menu - lebne, hummus, chicken sandwich, turkey sandwich, and maybe one other item. That being said, we'ved tried both the lebne and the hummus, and they were both good (and cheap at ~$4.)Depending on how things progress, Insomnia should wind up being the best hookah lounge in town.
5	Just when you think it can't get any better....they now carry fine cigars! It is awesome to have an option of cigars and hookah. I have a mixed group of friends. Some only smoke hookah and some only smoke cigars. This somehow filled a great niche, I didn't even realize needed filling! Great selection at much better prices than most cigar shops in Vegas. Go Insomnia!
5	Always terrific for hookah, this location now has cigars. They're reasonably priced from $5 to $12 with a nice selection to choose from. Now creates a difficult decision - smoke a hookah or a cigar?  The stress is insurmountable!The place is now gathering steam.  A month ago, it was normal to see just 1 or 2 table occupied.  Now the place is frequently hopping.  9 p.m. appears to be the time when the place starts filling up.
5	Insomnia is the best. The guys are great, Magic is amazing. Great hookahs, they can mix anything you desire. I suggest the Magic Special or Sandy Cheeks. The cigars are great too, a decent selection. It's a very chill atmosphere with relaxing music. Great chill spot.
4	Went last night around 12:30am and the place was empty, so we got seated right away. The owner was nice, their prices are reasonable, and they have a pretty good selection of flavors.We mixed sweet melon and mango and it tasted like tropical punch...delicious! I gave this place only 4 stars since they do not serve alcohol and they have a VERY limited food selection, but I surely will be back!
3	It was straight- I enjoyed this place and I will return.
4	Been here twice so far. Each time has been very pleasant.Friendly staff, and decently priced hookah and they also allow you to mix flavors which not many hookah bars offer. It was a bit difficult to find for the first time but its right next to the gas station and its a bit hidden and a bit difficult to spot so keep your eyes open. It's also not crowded like other places which to me is a plus because it can be quiet and consists of non-belligerent people. It's also brighter inside compared to other places and I personally prefer that. However, Insomnia's atmosphere doesn't really resemble the atmosphere of most hookah joints. It definitely seems more like a lounge. The second time I came, the worker/owner(?) gave my girlfriend and I complimentary nuts and peanuts! =D Can't go wrong with munchies with your puffs.
5	This is a nice little hookah spot. It is relatively new and up and coming, but, It has several great things going for it, which i will explain shortly.  I definitely recommend this little lounge to anyone in the area.Firstly it is pretty close to the other places I hang out, so it is very convenient and just around the corner most of the time. Lots of my friend are around there, so when we are hanging out, we will just stop in and hookah it up. Secondly has good atmosphere. It is pretty open yet if you want a discrete section to you self, the furniture is setup in such a way that it is easy to achieve a little privacy. To add to the ambiance, they have some of the standard hookah lounge things like laser graphics, DJs, art, dim lights, and a few other general stuff. But it also has a nice theme that brings the whole room together that some other lounges do not have.Then there is the price and variety. Compared to other lounges, it is pretty inexpensive. A small party can chill for a few hours for less than $40. On top of that the variety of tobacco is pretty wide. They have like 30 regular flavor tobaccos, and they also have another 20 or so premium  tobaccos. Almost all of them are rich and flavorful and last a while without getting too harsh.Another great thing they have is tentative staff. They want to make sure that you are accommodated as fully as you can be. While this place does not have hookah "techs" that maintain your hookah for you, they do offer you a lot of freedom with it, so you almost feel like you are smoking at the house, while your personal staff takes care of you.Great place. Highly recommended.
5	What a great place! I walked right in was greeted at the door. We told them it was our first time here. I was offered a beer and a seat. Their hummus was home made and awesome. Everyone here was super attentive and very nice. Just an all around good night. Will for sure be back.
4	Insomnia is a small hookah lounge adjacent to the Arco gas station. I checked it out a few weeks ago and over all it was a decent experience. The hookahs are very cheap, like $8-10 for a bowl and it does have a happy hour.BUT BE WARNED: for some random reason they only flavors they have are either Fantasia or Starbuzz, no Fumari, sadness! We said our hookah was harsh and the guy working there jus looked at it and said it was burned and we got a re-fill. For the price I really didn't mind but if they guy actually checked up on us it could have easily been presented.Overall the place isn't bad at all. I want to check it out again. Close by, cheap prices, and hopefully better service will ensure this place is more than just a one-time stop by.
1	Was disappointed to find that it was not even open during their business hours. We arrived at 5 after 8, and waited 20 minutes and still it was not open. If 0 stars was an option, that's what I'd be rating. Going to find another hookah lounge that can actually keep time.
2	I came here for the first time to check out a freestyle battle. First of all the place is so small it took forever to locate it. We passed it several times before realizing it was right next to AM/PM. We got inside, seated ourselves, and waited for someone to ask us if we wanted to place an order. Several members of the staff walked past us, looked and kept on going. RUDE! After waiting for roughly fifteen minutes my friend went up to the counter to place our order. Finally, our Hookah arrives minus the coals. We had to wait another five mins for a separate person to bring coals around. Ten minutes later our drinks arrive and that is just about the time the DJ announced that everyone in the lounge had to leave their purchases at their tables to go line up outside to be searched and ID'd. Pause, not once did they ask us for our ID's when we walked in nor when we bought a hookah and drinks. So we leave our hookah and drinks on the table, go outside and line up. It took us ten minutes to reach the front door only to be told there was now a $10 cover to re-enter. "WTF? Are you serious?" Not my words exactly but close. We explained that we had just purchased drinks and a hookah not long before they made us leave it at the table to come outside. The lady at the door let us in without paying however, the manger or whoever felt the need to come at let us know he did us a favor by not charging us to come back in but that in the future we would have to pay/ GTFOH. I have never seen or heard of such a situation. The performances were OK. The music was decent. The best thing I can say is their prices are fairly reasonable. Aside from that their customer service needs some work and they need to clearly state when there is and isn't a charge to frequent their establishment.
