5	I had a complex low overhead installation at my house. I called 5 Las Vegas companies. They all said they give free estimates but in reality the estimation didn't amount to anything but sizing my pocketbook. 2 or 3 call backs and the prices doubled over the phone without even looking at the job. Unfortunately this is very common in Las Vegas. Pioneer however didn't estimate anything over the phone. They sent 2  people out here including the company owner because when they saw the mess I had in my garage space, they needed a second opinion. Ron may not talk much but he sure knows his business. He figured out exactly what I had to do and gave me advice including an extra visit while we fixed the framing and the plumbing, so the doors would fit right later. By this time he was here 3 times and never asked for money which is unusual to say the least. After moving pipes and ceilings I ordered finally 'normal' garage doors. The installers were true professionals and I ended up with an installation which I am proud of. Besides this, I paid less than anyone else had quoted. I look at results for my money, and I certainly received expert advice, expert installation and the best price of 6 vendors. Very impressive work, highly recommendable. When it comes to my house I am not picky, I am an 'axe grinder'. Pioneer lived fully up to my standards which is hard to do !
1	Never been treated so unprofessionally in my life. Worst customer service, ever.
5	My daughter and I both used this company and they were great.  My daughter had 3 companies come out to repair her garage door. This was the only company that gave an estimate to repair the other two only wanted to sell her a new door. The spring on my door was broken. In 15 minutes he had it repaired and it was a reasonable price. I feel this company it reputable and I highly recommend them for garage door repair. They also gave the lowest price for garage door replacement. I will use them again.
5	Our garage door torsion spring broke last night.  We called this morning and got an appointment set up right away.  Kenny showed up on time and fixed the problem in just 20 minutes.  I have read DIY material about how to replace garage door springs, so I know what to expect.  But it is still such a joy to see Kenny do his job so efficiently.  He projects great confidence in what he does, and it makes me very comfortable in knowing that his job is highly reliable.  Not to mention all this is done at a below the market average price!  I will definitely call them again for any garage door problem in the future!
1	Horrible Customer Service! I called them to fix my garage door that had fallen off the track. They were very efficient in making it out in time and fixed it. After 1 day it started acting up. It was getting caught, bouncing and not going all the way up. I called back to see if I could get them back out. I started by tell the guy what i paid for them to come out and fix it, this is what they fixed, and now it's acting up...etc... The guy immediately sounded irritated with me. As our conversation went on he told me "you paid $75 for 30 minutes of work, now I don't mean to insult your intelligence, but that doesn't include warranty" I WAS LIKE... DID THIS GUY JUST FUCKING SAY THAT TO ME!!!! I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT... ASSHOLE! I told him that I would look around and call back if I decided to go with his company. He then told me in a completely condescending way, "Now you understand it will be $75 if you do?"  Never again will I deal with this company, nor recommend them... I will recommend to people who not to call that's for sure!
5	This company is AWESOME!!! I called them on a Friday around 12:30 p.m. someone was out at my house within 45 min to look at our garage. They gave us a quote and fixed our garage with a new motor. Cost was $395.00 and garage works perfect now! Thanks Pioneer Overhead Door.
