4	The fella and I ventured in on the first Sunday they were open, which made me a little nervous, but I didn't need to be. They open at 9:00, and when we got there at 8:50, there were already people inside. Turns out the kitchen doesn't open til 9:00, but they let in the early birds for coffee while you wait. So nice!I love how they transformed it from when it was FABO - exposed brick, dark wood tables, beautiful hutch over the coffee bar, open kitchen window, clear globes over the warm hanging lights. There are some tables outside, and a few in the front and back of the restaurant, but the bulk is one, long bench along the wall with individual tables, so we quickly got to know our neighbors.Our waitress was so nice and helpful, explaining the menu and checking in just the right amount of times. The menu was broken up into appetizers, sandwiches, fork and knife, and sides. It's definitely not your "traditional" menu, and I wondered how the many families with kids in there were doing with such grown-up fare.The fella got the Hot Pocket, which looked like a calzone and was filled with scrambled eggs, ham, and a creamy sauce, and a Slab of Bacon side. He loved the Hot Pocket but said it needed "more stuff," and although the bacon was his favorite, it tasted too much like pork for me. I got the Pop Tart (homemade dough filled with three different types of fruit jam), and the Cinnamon Toast Brulee, which was deeeelicious. It was two slices of thick bread that had bruleed cinnamon sugar on top.The most impressive part? The coffee. It comes in a cup (vat?) so big there's not even a handle and you need both hands to drink it. It's bold and dark and fantastic. Mmmmm.Breakfast was a little pricey - all that cost us $37 - so littleSpoon isn't somewhere we'd come all the time, but it'll be a nice treat when we do go back!
4	Beautiful cafe at an amazing location. I love that I can walk here easily from my house. Food was delicious and the pop tart was awesome! My only complaint is that the coffee cups do not have handles, I felt like a dog trying to drink out of a water bowl. Not sure why they make you drink your coffee out of a soup bowl?! Food is great, service is superb, but I'll bring my own mug next time.
2	Excellent ambience from the decor to the James Brown playing. Service was also great. Great crowd even at 2pm on a Saturday. Both my wife and I thought the menu was a little too abstract. The waitress had to explain - this is a salad, this is a sandwich. We both ordered the burger and it was delicious, although a tad pricey at $14 (and no sides). We ordered a side of some fried veggies and we both found those entirely too salty...couldn't finish the bag. I think they have the makings for a great little restaurant with some menu and price refinements. The other down side is that we left feeling greasy...not sure if it was the fried veggies or the burger. I look forward to trying more menu options and increasing my rating to a 4. Two months later...I did return with my parents for breakfast and sadly, we won't be back. The food just isn't hitting the spot and it's entirely over priced. Portion sizes are ridiculously small, bacon is too thick, cinnamon toast was peppered with coarse sugar, coffee bowls are lame...Change the menu and prices and we'll back. We used to go to Fabu on the regular but we can't swing your Manhattan prices.
4	Unique little spot. Cool atmosphere. Very short menu, limited options. Server indicated this is due to its "farm to table" nature, and depends on availability of fresh ingredients. At any rate, seems they are a little late to the "farm to table" game. That said, the food was good. Cinnamon toast is great, cool brunch item or almost a dessert. The bacon is thick and hearty. Shrimp on a roll was tasty. Wings were 'okay' - a potent taste and smell and not as fresh as some other items. Definitely worth a stop - very quaint place to catch some nibbles.
2	Cute ambience. Great location.  They got everything right but the food.  The menu is too short with none of your standard breakfast items.  We came hungry and left hungry.  Unfortunately, we won't be returning unless the menu changes.
3	This place is definitely different than your traditional Charlotte brunch spot.  The ambiance inside kind of reminds me of restaurants in Bucktown/Wicker Park, Chicago a little bit.  The choices are unique, but I think we went in desiring some of the more traditional brunch fare.  For someone that is craving your standard savory (egg type dish like a benedict) or sweet (Pancakes/french toast) brunch type dish, there aren't that many choices to fulfill those desires.  Since not much was jumping out at me, I went for the burger.  Overall, it was a decent burger, but a $14 burger without sides is a bit of a stretch.  I wish the waitress would have highlighted that it didn't come with anything.  Usually for brunch, you'd expect grits, potatoes, fruit, etc. as a side, especially at that price point.  Overall, it wasn't bad, but there are so many great places to get brunch in this town, I can't say we'll be rushing back.
3	Great food, nice service and diverse menu, but menu pricing is high.  The portions are small, no bread service, and the none of the breakfast/lunch sandwiches come with sides. An item such as cinnamon toast costs half as much as sandwiches but the portion is over twice as large.  I understand ingredient pricing varies and drives up the cost, but the difference is disparaging.  I like the food, but Little Spoon is trying to be too clever, too clever that on our first visit their computer system was down and they were unable to even take orders with pen and paper...so we weren't served.  I think Little Spoon has great potential with some tweaks on menu pricing, portions, and table service.  (I am not sure if Little Spoon prides their ingredients on local sourcing, if  they do, it is not apparent from the menu)
4	I am always excited when new places open up in the QC, as there is always a possibility for them to be great. I had a rare chance for a weekday lunch date and it just worked out for the wife to join me on this day. Little Spoon has not been open for long and I really only became aware of it from the most recent QC exclusive magazine.Little Spoon is tucked away in the same building as Mellow Mushroom on Selwyn. It was a little bit of a challenge to find the entrance, but from now on I know exactly where to go. I was waiting for the wife to meet me, and I was starving so I ordered the heirloom tomato salad. Now the menu, as others have mentioned, is tiny with only 2 salad options and 3 sandwiched on this day. There were also a few side options and drinks to include a full coffee menu. The heirloom tomato salad was great with the freshest ingredients possible. It was also plentiful, but I still ordered the lamb pastrami sandwich later when the wife finally arrived. She got the shrimp sandwich and we split a side of couscous. My americano was good, but not great. Service was good and attentive, but overall on the slower side. We definitely did not feel rushed out of there. I sat just opposite the kitchen and could see them working. It looked like every dish was completely made to order, so I can appreciate that it may not be a quick lunch place if you are in a rush. One other slight negative was how cramped the tables were next to each other. All in all, the food was great in flavor, the small menu was not a problem for us, but the table set up and speed of service were the main issues. It seems like a lot of people are taken aback by the small menu. If everything is good that should not be a problem. I am not sure if the kitchen size is limiting the menu, but that may be their biggest problem long term based on the other reviews on yelp regarding the breakfast and lunch menus. We will definitely be returning.
3	My wife and I treated my in-laws to a late morning breakfast one Saturday. It was crowded, but our wait was not long.  The place is quite small, so the seating is intimate so don't expect a lot of elbow room.  The staff is friendly; however they had hip hop blaring which came across like they were trying to be too hip.  Hearing DMX that time of the morning lends it more for evening drinks than a relaxing breakfast.The food was eclectic, and not your typical breakfast fare.  We started with cinnamon toast and blueberry pop tarts.  The pop tart was delicious; however the toast was nothing you couldn't make at home.My food was good. I had a small boule sandwich which included a runny egg, slab bacon and cheddar cheese. But it was $16 and the size of my palm. However my wife and mother-in-law found their chicken baguette and grits special quite bland.   My biggest concern about this place is value. The food wasn't worth it given the big prices, the small portions and the mediocre taste and presentation.  The place could reach it's potential with smaller prices, larger portions and greater tastes.
4	I stopped by Little Spoon this morning for brunch around 11am and lun had to wait 10 minutes for a table. I was able to grab a coffee (which was excellent) at the coffee bar to drink while we waited and had free refills of the coffee throughout brunch. My only issue was that the coffee mugs had no handles! Was a little hot to hold. The atmosphere is very modern but charming -- with lots of clever touches. We ordered the cinnamon brioche toast to start and it was melt in your mouth. Definitely recommend! I had the breakfast quinoa with blueberries and walnuts to start and it was yummy and comforting and still vaguely healthy! Can't complain about that. My boyfriend had their daily special (goat cheese grits, succotash, lamb chorizo and more) and raved about it. Service was friendly and we will definitely be back! Love the farm to table philosophy and reasonable prices. Highly recommend it for brunch.
2	I want to love this place SOOOOO badly. But I just can't.I have visited three times now. 1st time: they were out of half the items on the menu. That's ok--they'd been open for a week. The food was pretty good, but I wasn't blown away. I liked the choice of sparkling or still water. The menu was a mess, though; basically just a list of ingredients for each item, leaving the presentation a mystery. The service was very good, though, especially for it being such a new place.2nd visit, a week or two later: out of half the menu again. Nothing that was left sounded that good. Waitress was snotty. We left and went to Fenwick's instead.3rd visit, this past weekend: we arrived at 11:20am. For the THIRD time in a row, they were out of the burger. (Already?!) We had the boule breakfast sandwich and the bison chorizo grits. The boule was good, but kind of bland. The grits were flavorless and hardly had any chorizo. The drip coffee was excellent, though, and the server (I think her name was Shannon) was wonderful. But, overall, it was yet another underwhelming experience. I don't think I'll give it a 4th try unless I hear they've stepped up their game. It's such a shame that such a beautiful restaurant with such a great concept manages to fall so flat.
3	Cute!It's just the perfect little place to hang out with friends on a Sunday morning; conversation, fresh food and coffee in an adorably set up space!  While I'm absolutely a fan of their decor; from the lights to the tables and even their menus.. I was less impressed with the food.  I tried the quinoa salad with shrimp, and my husband had the tacos as well as their oatmeal/porridge. Our food was not bad, but it wasn't memorable either. Our friends seemed more content with their food choices; they ordered the blueberry hot pocket and a couple different sandwiches. Our server was very nice & overall the restaurant has a great vibe. Given that their menu changes daily, I would absolutely go back and give Little Spoon another try!
2	I DONT GET IT. This a la carte culture in the food world is getting ridiculous. More money for less food. It would be one thing if the food was really good, but it's just okay. 10 dollars for a bowl of heirloom tomato wedges?? The server was nice enough and knowledgable, but that's about it. Don't waste your time. Also the valet service in that strip mall is terrible. Complementary service? Sure why not! They insisted that I just have them park it so I obliged. Except They pulled up ten minutes after I gave them my ticket because they don't know what they're doing, and it's not that big of a lot. And they pulled up with my girlfriends car with the trunk open. Why? who knows. So. 30 dollars for a hamburger, a tomato salad, and a bowl of coffee (just put it in a mug, for goodness sake), plus a 6 dollar tip is 20%, and then a tip for the incompetent valet if you're not a crappy person is over 40 dollars just for lunch. If you're a rich person who needs somewhere to spend your money, go to Little Spoon. If you're just a person who wants good food at a reasonable price (or even someone who doesn't mind paying more for ACTUALLY good food with decent portions), then go somewhere else. Just finished this review shortly after my meal and I'm already hungry, if that gives you an idea.
1	Showed up at 1:45 on a Sunday (they close at 3pm) and was turned away by the hostess with a poorly explained "we're not seating any more for the rest of the day" -- something to the effect of them taking a lot of reservations and being unable to accommodate walk-ins. The restaurant was half-empty. I guess their spoons are even smaller than they advertise.
4	Liver Mush - DO IT! I love the music. I love the atmosphere. Brunch is the business. Great service. I love to eat here. It's a good way to brighten the day.
3	Good: clean, comforting decor, pleasant staff, brief but solid menu, quality and presentation of food, bathroom ambiance.Bad: when it's full it is obnoxiously loud. seating is tooo tight. like the people seated next to us felt like they were with our party. iced coffee tasted like it was instant coffee with a stale bite. a little pricey for the quantity that you get BUT most items are locally sourced and some are organic so I give it a tiny pass. Still deciding if I will be back....
3	We came here for brunch to check it out but left disappointed. Let me start from the beginning... Plenty of open tables outside and hostess seats us at the one right in front of the door. Really?? You put us at the worst table in the whole place. The table was also broken. We ask to move to a different table. We order coffees and then offered 100 options for creamer...coconut milk is bit of an overkill don't you think? They bring out bowls of coffee. No, not mugs but bowls with no handles...what is this place??  What continues is the $13 BLT on the menu. I'm sorry I don't care how good you bacon or tomatoes are that you bought down the street from Joe the farmer but $13 is a bit ridiculous. I ordered the hash also $13. It was just ok. Very oily and my over medium egg was hard as a rock. I get all the details and I usually appreciate them but the food has to be the star of the show.  Lastly the iPads....connection issues to start and I get you want to be tech-savvy and eco friendly but please don't have your waitresses wait holding the iPad while your customers tries to pay (with cash) and sort out the tip. It's just awkward. Either leave them with the table or don't use them. Plenty of San Fran restaurants have them as menus too and they aren't waiting for you to steal them. You have to get over that if you want to use them. Unfortunately, I'm not sure we'll be back. I'm all for farm to table restaurants but breakfast/brunch is simple and not over complicated. This place is over complicated. It's trying to be everything and just hasn't found its identity yet. Good luck!
3	Coffee served in a wide bowl with no handle? Everyone knows this loses heat immediately due to the large surface area open to the air. This means cold coffee...and I have big paws and I can barely hold the bowl of coffee in one hand. Of course its also slick and shiny. Two handed coffe drinking?  No.  The bottom of the bowl is of course too hot to hold....unlike my coffee.  So after we were finished the waitress asks would you like a to-go cup for your coffee? Sure. Then I stared fearfully at this bowl of coffee and my to go cup and sized up how exactly I was going to make this transfer.
2	We couldn't wait for this restaurant to open! We live just down the street and just knew it would be a new favorite. Not so, unfortunately. The menu is very limited, maybe 5 choices of entrees. Many of them have some heat and I don't like hot/spicy food, so I struggle to find something to eat. Small portions, big prices. Nice, funky decor; a nice outdoor area to eat; and a great neighborhood for shopping, art galleries, a frozen yogurt store. It's a great urban experience. If it just wasn't for the food!
5	Great place with the best coffee and breakfast in town. Most negative reviews are by people who don't seem to understand the concept nor the cuisine. I have always had great service and can't say enough nice things about this restaurant and its staff. Get the hot pocket or the bole.
5	Amazing brunch and brioche!!
2	My vegetarian/vegan friends and I were very disappointed in the lack of options here. You would think as a "farm to table" restaurant there would be more here for us! All I could eat was the granola and it wasn't bad... But was definitely overpriced.
2	After looking at photos and the menu we were stoked to tryout the unique eats at Little Spoon. The restaurant is located in a quaint spot on Selwyn, next to Mellow Mushroom. The menu was limited to a few selections that all sound really great on paper. One interesting item was the cinnamon sugar toast, but for some reason it doesn't have much taste. Maybe it needs more butter. The breakfast sandwich we got was pretty good, but it was very greasy and the bacon was really undercooked. The prices are a little bit high here and the environment is kind of cramped for what you get. Reading the menu was the most delicious part.
1	I went in to check this place out when it had just opened. The music made absolutely no sense with the atmosphere. They were playing hip hop music with cuss words in the songs. (Unprofessional). The meatball was pretty good. Oh but did I mention they have no ketchup? It's a breakfast and brunch lunch whatever kind of restaurant and don't have ketchup?
3	Food was good, music was bad.  Restaurant has a decent and simple menu.  I had heard mixed reviews prior to going here for the first time.  Choice of foods is limited, however, everything that we offered was good.  Atmosphere is a bit odd, however, mostly driven by the loud music which is less than tolerable on a good day.  Think bad and loud grudge music from the late 90's.  Not sure who the intended audience is, but it's loud and bad and not Nirvana.
2	Why did I try this place again?! A friend of mine suggested it, and since it had been a few months since my last visit, I thought maybe it had gotten better since then and wanted to give it another chance. While it's not any worse than it was, it's definitely not any better. My impressions of this experience:--There were only maybe 4 or 5 other tables in the place, yet both times I wanted a refill on my coffee, I had to request one. This was in spite of the fact that our server had been to our table to check on us and must have seen that our cups were empty. He was right on top of taking payment once we finished our food, though.--The server was nice, however, and made sure to check that over easy eggs on the BEC sandwich were ok for my pregnant friend to eat.--The coffee was still really good. The coffee and the friendliness were the only really good things about this visit. Everything else was eh.--The BEC sandwich cost $8 and was about the same size as a Starbucks breakfast sandwich (which costs half as much) but didn't even taste as good. The slab of bacon (which was ham-style, super thick bacon) was greasy and flavorless. The whole thing was just bland and seemed like it needed some kind of sauce or seasoning. While I can appreciate the fact that this is a farm-to-table, sit-down dining experience, I would expect to get something at least as good if not better tasting than what a giant chain coffee shop is offering. --The menu is still in that weird, hard-to-decipher format. My friend couldn't figure out what to order because they're still just listing ingredients and neglecting preparation/presentation. I sort of knew what to expect, but some of the newer items were totally cryptic.--"Liver mush" has got to be the most disgusting name for a dish that I've ever heard. It might be good. I wouldn't know, because the name sounded so awful that I didn't dare try it.Little Spoon continues to be an okay experience at a premium price. I love the location. I love the space. PLEASE step up the food game and make your menu format more approachable! It baffles me that such good ingredients are being used to prepare such average-tasting items. This place could and should be miles better.
4	I have dined at Little Spoon twice this week. Pro's-The restaurant feels trendy like a NYC village spot.  The service is quite good and the waiters are very friendly and knowledgeable.  I am pleased that this is a farm to fork and supports local growers. They seem to have classic opening growing pains in that the menu is very limited and both times I was there they were out of items from the very small offering.  The food was very tasty and I am hoping that they will be successful!
3	This place was very cute, rustic, and everything you'd expect a trendy farm-to-table restaurant to look like. The coffee was delicious although the mugs without handles are a bit silly considering the mug our donut holes came out in had a pointless handle...which I envied when I tried to sip my hot cappuccino. Definitely get some coffee regardless.The pumpkin spice donut holes were tasty although they tasted like plain donuts. The slab bacon snack was deeeeelicious... Thick cut pork belly paired nicely with the sweet donut holes. I had the chicken biscuits which were good although it tasted as if they had previously cooked fish in the same oil/pan they cooked the fried chicken because it had a weird fishy flavor. My SO had the hash and it was okay. The place is alright, quite pricey but I like that they use local foods. I will give them a try again for dinner instead of brunch but I wasn't too impressed.
3	My thoughts on the restaurant are in line with others who have commented previously.  The interior of the restaurant is quite nice.  The wait staff were also very good.  But that said, the food is a bit pricey for what you get.  And my dish was not very memorable in quality.  I got a Caesar Salad, which the server said was an entree-sized portion.  She also proceeded to alert me to the fact that there were anchovies in the salad.  The salad consisted of a nice-sized piece of lettuce, some slivers of cheese and dressing on the side...that's it!  No croutons and no anchovies to be found.  I trust that they were in the dressing, but, if so, they sure did not pack a wallop.  While the dressing itself was OK, it was in no way memorable.  For $9, I felt a bit underwhelmed.  The only saving grace was to go a few doors down in the shopping center and have two pieces of to-die-for chocolate truffles in the wine and chocolate shop.
4	Cool vibe.  Love the decor.  Ala carte menu.  Don't particularly like that it's not open for dinner/drinks but i understand the concept.
4	I went to Little Spoon for breakfast this past Saturday.  It was great service and I love the farm to table concept, and you can tell all of the ingredients are so fresh.  Our food was delicious!  I ordered the Shashuka - I would order it again and again.  My friend ordered the BLT and it was also good, but a smaller portion.  I wish it came with a side or something.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I wish the portions were a little more in line with the prices.  Overall great place and I will be going again!
