4	Niec place to get a pint or watch a game... there food is suprisingly good... they have some sort of brisket sliders that are freaking awesome... if you are in uptown and need a place to watch sports with good food this is it...
3	Great sports bar with a ton of rooms - it's almost like a maze. Huge TVs everywhere, and you're never too far from a bar. They've also got pretty decent bar food. A few years ago a bunch of friends and I rented out the big room on the second floor, which was a fun place to hang out, and a perfect place for a big group of people to meet.
2	Hmmm..... where to start with this one. I'll go with atmosphere, which was the good part. Cool sports bar, pool tables and ample flat screens. Now for the not so good. Our bartender was a disaster- I rarely will ever say that, I used to be one myself and understand that sometimes you can get overwhelmed, or whatever other benefit of the doubt I normally give. But this was pretty bad. We sat at the bar with only a handful of other people, so it's not even like it was busy. We told her were were going to eat and needed menus. My finacee asked for a Sunset Wheat beer, which was on tap. We weren't paying attention to her as she poured, but once he sipped the beer he immediately knew it was a Sam Adams. OK, mistake. But when we looked over at the taps, the two were no where near each other. We flagged here down when she returned to the bar (she kept disappearing) and she apologized, went to pour the correct beer and only got a half a glass out of it. Just a minute, she promised. Literally, like 15 minutes later, she finally came back but then ran off again before we could tell her we were ready to put in our food order. We were starving! We finally flagged here down and placed the order. Good thing we ordered when we did, because the food took forever to come out!! By the time we got it we were SO hungry. I ordered the Mahi Mahi over rice, and I wouldn't have finished it if I wasn't starving - the Mahi was really dry, and they added so much spice to the dish that whatever flavor was there was killed. Granted, it is a sports bar, but I've worked in Sports bars before that served amazing fish dishes. If it's not going to be good, it shouldn't be on the menu. After flagging the bartender down (again), we finally got our bill and decided that we definitely would not be back to eat, but maybe just for drinks.
3	Great place to watch a sporting event, given the number of tvs, and you are likely to find a bachelorette party or two on any given night.So far, I've been solicited for my boxers, asked to sign some underwear and seen more phallic-shaped straws, bottles and jewelry than I care to recall.That, of course, doesn't take away from the restaurant. It simply serves to illustrate the nightlife scene.The main floor is the main restaurant, with plenty of seating and a long bar on the left hand side. The top floor resembles a pool hall, with another bar and multiple pool tables.The bottom floor is reminiscent of a lounge, with comfy chairs and a more laid-back feel. I haven't spent too much time down there.The food was okay. Most of the time I am there to drink, but I do recall having a few entrees while watching some sporting events, and being pleased with the burgers.Overall, a good place to watch a game, and a good starting or ending point if you're bar-hopping uptown.
3	While this place has a good # of tvs, for some reason I just don't enjoy watching games here. The view is decent from almost anywhere in the bar, but I think the lack of a loud fan base really takes away from the atmosphere. No one seems too thrilled that the games are on & not much cheering seems to be done. They also have a large projection screen showing the main game so if you can get a seat in front of this it's pretty good viewing. And flat screens are located throughout showing other games throughout the day.I've never had the food here, I've only been for the nightlife/game watching, so I can't comment on the menu or the food taste. There's a good selection of beer both on tap & in bottles. The prices are pretty on par with any bar/restaurant located on Tryon in Charlotte, so I can't really complain here. They also have a couple pool tables, and a lounge upstairs if you want to get out of the main bar scene.Fox & Hound won't blow you away with anything, especially if you're there to watch a game. It always seems to be packed so there must be something that keeps bringing people back again & again. Check it out & you may actually like it better than me if you don't like the loud sports crowd but still want to watch the game.
3	Went with a galpal for lunch not long ago. The atmosphere was, well, it was like a glorified sports bar. The music was loud, but upbeat and it was packed with college age kids watching a game. The flat screens are nice, but it's not my choice location for watching anything long. Lunch was ok, burgers aren't bad. The fries took so long to come out that our waiter, who was a riot, came to our table and looked at us and says, deadpan, I'm going in there to make your fries. I'll be right back. Five or so minutes later he's got a grease stain on his shirt and fries in his hand. I don't know if he actually made them or not, but I got a kick out of that. I give it an A-OK for a lunch time hangout but all around I'm pretty underwhelmed by it.
5	My girl and I rolled into Charlotte on a Monday at around 9. Living in New York gives one a certain confidence in finding places to dine at all hours of the night. Apparently that's not how this particular section of Charlotte gets down. We wandered around for about 20 minutes on the poorly lit, desolate streets until we found the Fox and Hound Smokehouse. Now Nature is all about balance. What Charlotte lacks in options, they make up for in value. Fox and Hound is a case in point. This is a sports bar with pool tables and lots of big screen TV's. We got Budweisers for $2.50 and and Cosmos for $4. If I'm not mistaken, these are the prices Monday-Thursday! You don't see that in New York. Wings were 35 cents a piece, had a choice of 5 different marinades, and were quite good. Great minds think alike. My girl and I both split some wings and got the Field of Greens salad. Greens, tomato wedges, Monterey Jack & Cheddar Cheese. Cucumbers, Roasted corn, peppers, onions and bacon pieces. I added blackened chicken to that sucker and it was crucial. The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable.
2	My pasta tasted like rubber, I think they might have served me the display.  The crowd here was pretty rowdy and entertaining, but my dinner was no good.  I guess I don't enjoy mainstream bars like this one.  There are a lot of attractive people around, but I really didn't have a lot in common with the other patrons.  If you like kind of preppy establishments, you would enjoy this place..  It just isn't up my alley though.  I do have to say that it was clean and all of the employees know what they are doing though.
3	Fox and Hound is a typical southern-style bar/restaurant, which normally means it's gonna be a big hit with me. It was--kinda. Do not go for the food.  It's fine enough, but definitely not  its strongpoint. I doubt you're headed here to eat, though. Let's be honest. People generally come here to drink--drink and play pool, more specifically. If that's what you're after, this place is idyllic: smoky room, pool tables, tvs, and all the beers you'd like. Definitely not the most bumping scene on weekday nights, but it gets pretty crowded on Thursdays and on the weekends. Seems like a lot of banker types head here after work to unwind. It's simple: you want a drink, you want to play pool--come on down.
3	I had some friends in town from Chicago and they really wanted to find a bar to watch a Bears game. So we headed to Fox & Hound to check it out. My friend quickly dubbed the bar a "Football Model UN" because of the variety of football fans there. Fox & Hound probably had 10 games going in different areas of the bar, and being such a newcomer cite, there were fans from all over. I can't speak much to the food, but if you're looking for a place to drink and watch football, it seems like a good spot to hit up.
4	There is a sandwich here that is delicious.  It's called the Black Forest.  Get it.  Life changing.I really like this place mostly because the Black Forest and the drink specials.  I usually have a good time here.  The other food isn't amazing, but the atmosphere is hopping.
4	Fox & Hound is a great place to go on a weeknight to catch a basketball game, get dinner and have a few beers.They also have trivia every Wednesday night, which is lighthearted and not ridiculously hard.The Black Forest sandwich and the Firecracker dishes are good choices for a cheap bite.
4	After stopping by Blackfinn for a drink on a late Friday night (what a huge mistake), we wanted a more laid back atmosphere and walked over here.  I've been to Fox and Hounds all over the country so I knew what to expect.  Had the French Dip which was loaded and very good.  This is always a pretty reliable place for decent pub grub and a beer.  But, avoid 'The Drifter' beer at all costs.. horrendous!
4	Fox & Hound has some decent specials on their drinks.  It near a couple of good restaurants downtown, and the food itself is pretty good.  I have only personally gotten a bunch of apps like the pretzels, and mini dog sliders.  We have gone for trivia, but it takes a while since they play a song for each question, and I think there were 20+ questions.  But, we got 2nd place and were able to take a little off our bill.The downstairs taps seem to have dirty lines so be careful when you order beer.  We got a couple skunks, so we ended up going to bottles.  They have pool and darts but the pool is a ridiculous $12 / hr or something of that nature.  That is affordable, but when you see 10 empty tables, I think you need to consider dropping the price.  I'd rather get 4 more beers.  And there is an addictive landshark, where you have to get the ring through the hook, and darts.All in all a decent place to hangout in Charlotte.
4	I really liked their beer selections.  This place is a nice hometown "big" bar.  Not chain-like.  The staff wasnt the friendliest but the food, beer, and prices made up for that.  I would definitely suggest checking it out on a NFL SUnday too. Whole lot of TVs.  EnjoyIan M.
2	Visited for lunch on the weekend. This place maybe good for game watching in the evenings but I do not think they are equipped for much else. I sat in a booth in the bar area and you could see they hadn't cleaned the walls in or near the booth in quite some time because of the old dried up food on the wall. Also the bathrooms where in bad shape.Service: Slow and I'm not sure we where the servers to priority because there were not many other people in the place and we had to wait for everything.Not a good experience for us.
1	I'm with Mike B. I have visited 2 Fox & Hound Bars now (the other up in Huntersville) - both get two thumbs down on the food. Both had good beer selection, TVs, and space. But the food - no. I got the fish sandwich at the Huntersville location - poor choice. I got the chicken sandwch at the Tryon location - looked like it belonged on the kids menu; and it took 30 minutes, so it was also dry. I initially thought I'd give the place a 2nd chance - 2 for 2 bad food experiences is enough.
4	One of my favorite places to watch "the game." On the weekends, make sure you check out the board at the front door and it will show you where your team is playing int he bar. Three levels. I prefer the downstairs by the couches when my team is playing. It allows for many different sounds going through the same bar with all the different levels and areas. Typical bar food, but it's good and the menu is in depth. There's always a drink special to indulge on game dayNever been there at any other time than to watch sporting events, and probably wouldn't go otherwise, hence why the review is based on game day only.
2	This place blows chunks.  I would have given it just one star but the waitresses are fab and cute.  The whole place smells like it has been through a flood and instead of getting the place cleaned properly they spent the insurance money on new cars.  I have had the wings here..blah and the veggies are gross with brown tips on the celery.  Yuck.  It is a huge space and has cool giant tvs so if I was just here to watch the game and drink it would be okey dokey.  There are a ton of places to watch the game though that have great food...sigh....
2	I really hate this place. I've given it 3 chances, and they all sucked. Food was awful. Everything fried. Clean? Fuggetaboutit!!!! Staff was overwhelmed, they tried, but to no avail. With all the superior choices within walking distance, I will never go here again.This is the first, and probably only, negative review I have posted.
3	One of the nicer Fox and Hounds I've been to.HUGE area inside on multiple levels.  We spent our time there in the "basement" part one night when Kevin Pitsnogle was going off on Wake Forest during the NCAA Tournament.A little pricey, but girls abound.  Standard beers and drinks.
3	Fox & Hound is a typical chain bar.  This means it is clean, nice, spacious...but a little lacking in character.  Seems like a great spot to watch a sporting event of some kind.  The guy/girl ratio is way off - but there was also a UFC fight on that evening ($5 cover was charged due to the fight).  They had a nice area with pool tables but those were, of course, occupied.  Your tap mid-grade beers run at market price for this area - about $5.  Location is convenient to other sundries.
4	First off, the atmosphere here is kind of lacking for weekdays since Epicenter has kind of stole the show and this location is somewhat off the beaten path uptown in terms of being so far down Tryon street.  But sometimes you just want somewhere that's laid back, not crowded and has the feel of local pub.  The interior is all hardwoods, there is an upstairs that I think is held for private parties maybe, or just overflow during the weekends.  They have pool tables and of course plenty of TV's for sporting events, etc.  Plenty of dining area as well surprisingly due to the fact it doesn't seem that large when you first walk in but most of the dining area is tucked away near the back of the place. Ok, I've been here a few times, mostly for social gathering and drinks mainly but last night I actually ordered food.  I had The Black Forest sandwich.  It's a simple sandwich really, but they make it perfection!  I'll have to say, a great sandwich is only as good as the bun or bread it's made of.  This one is angelic...hahaha...ok....yeah it's good though.  They use a Bavarian pretzel roll (nicely warm and soft) as the bun.  The combination of the flavor of the bun combined with the great ham, monterey jack cheese, smoked bacon and honey mustard condiment is sandwich bliss.  My side item were there nacho chips and unfortunately all I have to say about those in comparison to the sandwich is.....meh.  They were fine, but nothing to get excited about.Now, in terms of specials, Tuesday nights is $2.00 draft nights (mostly domestic labels only).  Also they have a rewards program here and it's called the All Star Brew Club I believe.  You earn points for the beer you buy and at certain thresholds you get things like, money credited to your bill, free t-shirt, etc.  It's free to join and they give you $5 off your next order.....that's a WIN in my book :)
3	I've gone almost every week for the past year for Wednesday night trivia with Jenny.  The waitresses can be a gamble.  Some weeks you get an awesome one, then never see them again.  Some weeks you get a terrible one who drinks in the corner and avoids your table for 30 plus minutes.  It seems like a never ending round of waitresses that roll through here, but I assume Fox is pretty empty on most weeknights.Trivia is awesome, Jenny is a great hostess.  It starts at 9:00 on Wednesdays and goes til 11:00.The food is your typical bar food.  They used to have better specials (on Wednesdays), but I'm not impressed with the new ones.You won't have trouble finding a table on a weeknight, and they'll usually have all the important sporting events on, so its a good place to watch a game.
3	We got into the city late and looked for a fast bite. Typical bar food and cheap beer. I had some 2 dollar drafts and had some nachos. The crowd got a bit rough later on through the night.
4	It will officially be my pub when I am in Charlotte. Great for UFC fights.
4	Went with a friend for an early lunch before heading back to Raleigh.  The business has three levels, with pool tables and a bar on level one, more seating, bars, and larger private spaces on the other two.  Liked the overall look of the facility and all of the large hdtvs that were "everywhere."I ordered from the lunch menu - the beer battered chicken tenders with a side order of fries.  Food was quickly served,  Chicken tenders were meaty and the batter was crispy.  The honey mustard dipping sauce was also a good choice.
5	Trivia starts at 8!
1	Simply a bad experience. A group of us came to Charlotte from Cheyenne for a training course and wanted a good local place have dinner and drinks. The place wasn't busy at all and it took 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get out drink order taken and get our beverages. The food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm. I assure you I will not return to this establishment on this trip or any future trips.
1	This abomination certainly left much to be desired. There was a considearble wait from the ordering of drinks to receiving them, again to order food, and even longer to get our food. When it finally came, they had mixed up who ordered what, wrong sides with the entree, etc. All of our orders, from the 3 steaks to the sampler platter to the mini chili dogs, were lukewarm at best. One of the steaks even managed to taste like they had dropped it into the bottom of the grill. Think smokey, like campfire-smelling clothes smokey, but flavored that way.The manager comped a portion of our meals, but the apparent lack of cusomer service and quality control more than overshadowed his attempt to make things right. I refuse to EVER set foot in this sub-par establishment again.
1	Took for ever just to get water and to take our order. We were there for over an hour before we got our food and it was cold. Will not return.
1	Groupon has allowed me to try new restaurants in places I never knew existed.I Have been to uptown many times and never noticed Fox and Hound. That could also be Rock Bottom Brewery sits across the street and makes this place seem so much smaller. My visit was at 2pm and we experienced some difficulty with parking. It also is DNC week and parking is off limits except for a few places along the street. Luckily we found one after circling 4 times. We walked in and it was awkward. One of those moments that you see in movies where a bar is noisy everyone stops and stares then goes about their business. Normally this isn't an issue but when the waitress and bartender does this its....awkward. We found a booth and sat and waited to be greeted. We waited, looked around and waited some more. Began looking around saw a bartender and that was it. No waitress no one else walking around. Wasn't sure if we should have sat at the bar to be noticed, or like in elementary school raise our hands to have permission to speak. It would have probably made a difference to recieve a smile or simple hello from the person behind the bar, then we probably wouldn't have felt forgotten. After 14 minutes we finally met our waitress who asked us if we needed more time to review the menu. Really? We counted 3 parties, thats it...in a otherwise bare restaurant. Food was good, received it pretty quickly. Our drinks were refilled often without being asked. First impressions really do matter. It wouldn't have mattered from that point if service was perfect. Don't ignore someone intentionally when they obviously know you can see them. From reading other reviews it seems that we aren't the only ones who experienced the same issues. Really felt like we were being intentionally ignored. We did something we  have never done. Intentionally left without leaving a tip. The one person who was polite happened to be the person who was in the next room cleaning. Kinda ironic since she doesn't assist the people actually dining. Will not be back.
4	I've been here quite few times and while F&H isn't perfect it's better than so e of the reviews here make it sound. First the bad, like other reviews have mentioned, sometimes the service can be bit slow. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials, great wings (the Hot BBQ are delicious), and some nice beer specials ($2.50 drafts on Thursday ($2 domestics), Yes Please!) They also have plenty of TVs and a pretty good customer rewards program and when it comes to a sports bar, what more do you really need.
3	Came here on a Saturday afternoon to watch the football game. The place was empty at noon which was confusing, but allowed us to choose the TV they put the game on. We weren't too hungry so we ordered a few appetizers to split. They were ok. Nothing to get too excited about. Overall, if you want bar food and a seat near a TV in Uptown, this is an option to consider.
3	It was OK.  Not the best experience.  I was a little scared after I ate there, while walking out I saw the 82 score for their restaurant, I rarely see under 90.  I worked in the industry for a while and it must be  a gross kitchen if this is true.  I'm hoping that it was just a day inspection randomly showed up during a mass rush.
2	The atmosphere is like any other chain sports bar, service was bad, and I don't think I will be returning. Nothing stood out about this place with so many other great options just a block away.
4	This place had several just ok reveiws but we decided to try it anyway!  I have to say, I was impressed! The food was good, I had the steak! It was cooked perfectly and had good seasoning and was juicy! Onion straws are a must try!  The service was fast and friendly! Oh and their food grade was a 97!
5	Trivia has moved to Monday!
5	I really don't get the hate on Fox and Hound... The food is pretty good, great boneless wings, nachos, fries,pretzel sticks. Way better than say wild wings. Huge projection screen that will have all the Panthers Games, with great sound too. Went here with some friends just to watch the game and eat lunch. Service was not bad, not fast either, but we were checked every 15-20 minutes which isn't fast but not slow either. And we were just enjoying the game. I like the mix of customers too. Young and old. and all different sports and teams. Really a cool place to watch games and THEY DO HAVE GOOD FOOD!
3	Meh. I think our waitress had too many tables or at least didn't care about ours. Either way, my sandwich was soggy but the french fries were good. But you can go to Mc Donalds for good fries sooooo yeah. Don't bother.
1	We just received the worst service ever I will never come back. Its shocking that on wing special night it was merly 6 tables. One person actually went to the back to fix their own drinks. We had To ask for everything numerous of times. Service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly. I personally was not thinking to take pictures of all the screw ups due to all of the complaints the whole table was making. I hated to make so many complaints but I've never experienced such horrible service. It was awful We couldn't find any positive in it. As a matter of fact the waitress didn't even come back to pick up all the checks. It Was 7 of us and 6 ppl got their checks. We told the management We needed to pay another check and that We didn't know why the waitress would leave one out, his response was unprofessional.  :(
