5	Combine one of the world's nicest physical eating establishments (both natural surroundings as well as the $10+ mil restaurant itself), arguably some of the best gourmet Italian food West of the Atlantic, and impeccable service and you have yourself a winner.  Prices aren't cheap but in my opinion it's a deal considering what this package offers.  Think I'm exaggerating?  Check it out and let the truth be told!
3	In the spirit of Josh D.'s post, I will argue that Sassi does NOT have the best gourmet Italian food west of the Atlantic.  In fact, I wasn't impressed with the food here at all.  We had the chef's tasting menu for $59 per person and the wine pairings for $39.Cocktails - I had the apple/ginger fizz which was not at all fizzy, too sweet and had mint leaves that had browned in it.  The bar snacks course was decent.  A selection of bruschettas and some olives.  Not bad, but not stellar.Appetizers - We were brought a large plate of assorted appetizers.  Grilled beets, caramelized fennel, spicy calamari, broccoli rabe, and some other things that were quite forgettable apparently.  This plate, though impressive in appearance, was an all around failure.  My group consisted of some very adventurous eaters, and this didn't cut it even for them.  The tastes just didn't meld, and it just felt "off."Salad - The salad seemed like it was nothing more than bagged lettuce with some sliced carrots and radishes in dressing.  VERY disappointing.Pasta - Probably the highlight of the night.  The pasta was so perfectly cooked, it was heavenly.  It was served with Lima beans, greens, bread crumbs & Parmesan in some light olive oil.  I have to mention, however, that my plate had a million Lima beans and no greens.  My mom's plate, however, had all greens, barely any Lima beans.  What's up with that?Main course - I was given the seared Ahi, my husband the lamb sausage and my mom the halibut in bag.  The ahi was barely seared and cold, the lamb sausage was completely dry and over cooked and when my mom opened her bag, it stunk up the entire, albeit beautiful, dining room with fish smell.  I'm sorry, that's just not acceptable.We got a special assortment of deserts, which was nice, and they were probably our favorite part of the night.Oh and from the room we were seated in, you could hear the chef screaming bloody murder at his staff now and again.  That's all well and fine if you're Gordon Ramsay and your patron's know what they're in for, but we came for an intimate, elegant dinner... please shut up.Anyway, I only give this restaurant 3 stars because of how amazingly beautiful it is.  So while I won't say to never come here, in my opinion, you'd be much better served to stop in for some "bar snacks" and wine than having a full meal.
5	what a beautiful location!  was here for a wedding over the weekend and having been to a million weddings over the past couple of years, i have to say this was one of the most beautiful spots.the food was pretty good, a little bit heavy on the lemon, but overall, i was very impressed.  i would love to come back here and try out their other dishes!
4	5 stars for the ambiance and setting, 3.5 stars for the food.  So 4 stars.The setting is unbelievable and incredibly romantic.  Picture nooks and crannies, warm fire places and fire pits, a great patio, waterfalls....its fantastic.  They have heaters outside and will also provide blankets for you if you would like one.  (I declined, its not that cold yet but others were partaking in them!)  We were seated at a table that was under a bright light and while they weren't able to turn the light down they did move us to another table that was much more romantic and intimate. Our server suggested a great pinot grigio which was a great way to start the meal.  The breads in the bread basket were quite good, including a blueberry nut bread and focaccia with cheese.  We started with the calamari, which was stuffed with salmon, and was quite good.  A new twist on an old favorite.  For our primi we ordered the gnocchi in mushroom ragu which was good, but not the best gnocchi I've ever had.  I do wish they were a little larger but the portion size for a primi course was good.  For our secondi I chose the lamb three ways (chop, shredded, sausage) which was good but not anything that blew me away.  The shredded lamb was the best of the three.  The chop could have been more flavorful and the sausage tasted like generic sausage.  My husband chose the veal which was a little tough.  We did order a side of butternut squash with honey and walnuts which I absolutely loved, but my husband did not.   We finished the meal with tea and coffee (unremarkable) and a pear tart that was large and tasty.  I wish it was drizzled with caramel sauce, that would have really set it off.  All in all the food was good, I wouldn't say incredible and I certainly wouldn't say the best.  It was solid.After dinner we stopped into the bar on our way out for another drink and the bar area was lovely.  Very cozy and homey.  I would definitely return to the bar for some drinks on a cool evening.
4	Everyone seems to agree that Sassi is almost perfect w/regard to atmosphere.  The setting is perfectly romantic.  I also agree that the food does not quite match the setting, but it is good.  It is southern Italian, so expect some seriously heavy flavors and rich dishes...not something that I could eat every day, but then, Sassi is not your everyday restaurant.We celebrated my boyfriend's b-day here last week (thanks to Kristin S) and it really was perfect...we got a table outside, under the stars and next to an open pit fire.  The service was great and the food was really good.  We were overstuffed when we left, but not so much that we couldn't stop for one last cocktail at their cozy bar.I would recommend this place for the atmosphere alone!  So, I agree, 5 stars for setting and 3.5 for food...
4	Imagine this, Walt Disney meets a Fantastic Italian Chef... Since the animated film might bore adults, they instead decide to make a restaurant. You might think that when you see the enormous restaurant housed in a spacious Italian Villa that is Sassi. (pronounced like saucy)Now the truth is, do not be fooled into thinking that because the owners decided to invest a fortune in aesthetics, they neglected the reason to have a restaurant... the food.The food is as close to traditional Italian as many will ever experience. I will say this, I cannot speak for some of the experiences that others have had, but I have eaten here several times over the past year and I have never been disappointed.It is not cheap, and not close, (to me at least) but it is good...
3	So I got a 50 dollar gift card for an engagement gift at Sassi, so I said I need to try it. The night started out with some drinks and an appetizer in the bar. I usually start of with  glass of Pinot Noir. For some reason they didn't have any by the glass so I was a bit disappointed until I made the decision trying the cantaloupe martini. OH MAN..that was the best martini I have ever had. It was light and smooth and not too sweet. I would definitely go back for the martini. We had the grilled shrimp appetizer which was very good, but there goes our 50 dollar gift certificate towards 2 drinks and an appetizer.  I ended up with a pizza for dinner. I wasn't to impressed with the menu. Everything was very different and if you a plainer eater, then this place is not for you. If I were you, go to the bar, get a drink and have an appetizer!
5	This is the BEST and most authentic Italian restaurant I have ever been to.    As soon as I pulled up, I realized that our dinner was going to be something special.   As we walked to the front door there is beautiful fountain with the bar patio to the right and banquet room and patio to the left straight ahead is the entry way to Sassi, and boy is that awesome too..   They had the front doors open, and the doors to the back patio open.  By design these entries line up to provide you with a fantastic view out the back to the lights of Phoenix.    We acknowledged our arrival to Stacy and she told us it would be about 5-10 minutes before our table would be ready and directed us to the bar.   We had a 6:30 reservation, and I didn't mind the wait.  The bar was another delight as well.   There were was fine mahogany everywhere, as well as about 8-10 cocktail tables loaded with people.   In the center was fireplace flanked by 4 comfy leather chairs and a coffee table, while in the corner there was a grand piano with a 3-piece band playing some lovely jazz.  The bar was about 50 feet long and jammed as well but we managed to snag a couple of seats and ordered a few cocktails.  After seeing the Melontini mention in another review I decided to give it a whirl, and I admit it lived up to its reputation.   My date had a homemade raspberry infused vodka martini that was off the charts as well...   The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable and recommended coming back after dinner to have some homemade Lemoncello as well.....     About 3/4's through our drinks the manager came over to let us know our table was ready if we were.  On the way to our table I noticed that the restaurant was divided into a few smaller rooms and of about 8-10 tables each and I think they each had a fireplace as well...   I thought this was a nice design idea that made it more warm and comfortable.   We arrived at our table and were greeted by Salvatore, our waiter, who furnished us with menus and some fresh bread.   The bread was an assortment of lavosh, focacia, and a walnut and fig bread, all of which were fresh and delicious.   We decided on starting out on a few appetizers, and went with the bruchetta and a Caprese salad.   The bruchetta was wonderful.   There were 3 different flavors: a rich chicken liver mousse, marinated tomatoes and garlic, and mashed beans with garlic and rosemary.   Our group decided we would put these up against Postino's any day...  The caprese was a whole buffalo mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes and basil, and those tomato's tasted like a tomato is supposed to taste.  None of that mealy flavorless mush you get elsewhere.  Upon completion of our app's Sal came by again to take our order's.   I ordered the Orechiette dish which was a house made orechiette pasta with sweet-spicy sausage, Italian broccoli and Romano cheese.  My date had the roasted pork ravioli in a tomato ragu.  While the other couple we were with had the roasted halibut with grapefruit, sugar snap peas, and pistachio pesto and the grilled filet with 20 yr. balsamic vinegar and heirloom tomatoes.  We went with a bottle of Sagrantino di Montefalco.Our food came in a timely manner, and I have to admit my Orechiette was absolutely the best pasta I have ever had.  It was flat pasta that was about the size of a quarter in a garlic and olive oil sauce with a phenomenal sausage and a tart broccoli that is not like you are used to.   The flavors were amazing:  sweet, tart, and garlicy the perfect balance.   My date's pork ravioli was great too.   It had like a pulled pork filling with a ragu reminiscent of grandma's Sunday dinner with a little pork in that too.   Since everything was so wonderful we all tried a bit of each other's meals and I would recommend the halibut and steak as well, however, as great as the steak was, you can get a good steak anywhere in this town these days. After dinner we decided to indulge in a dessert for the table and at Sal's recommendation we had the Tartufo.   Not ever hearing of this before we were pleasantly surprised.   A Tartufo if a giant black cherry and dark chocolate gelato scoop that is then dipped in Valrhona dark chocolate.  Sounds good doesn't it?  I will refrain from describing it anymore only because I am sure that whatever you are imagining it tasting like is better that I can describe.Unfortunately, we did not make it back to the bar for that last cocktail, as we were to stuffed, but hope to get back soon.   Everything was better than we could've imagined and can easily say that this is the best restaurant in the valley.   I will agree that it is a little bit on the expensive side at about $75pp w/tax and tip.  It was nice to see that the wine wasn't gouged like some other places and you could even get a $40 bottle or a couple glasses to bring down the price a little...  Going to Sassi is an event.   Between the views, service, and food, you cannot find any better.
4	The Proprietor took the time to visit dozens of locations around Southern Italy to come up the rich design of Sacci. As their website states, "this fine dining experience transports you to the hospitality of an Italian farmhouse, which has flourished into a classic villa in every sense of the word".  Each room has a uniquely different feel. They include an Italian cucina, an old world library....very masculine with stone fireplace or outside patio overlooking elevated,  panoramic views of the Valley. I enjoy my meals every time. But I must admit, the service is usually par at best....very disappointing for the caliber of restaurant this is.
5	My wife and I went to Sassi for our anniversary.  The food we had was very good.  The building and decor were nice but I don't think I appreciated it as much as some of the people that raved about it.  My wife had the Wood Roasted Beets appetizer ($8), mint, tangerine agrumato and 20 year old Balsamic which she liked, but I thought it was just beets and it wasn't great.  I had Insalata Misticanza (salad ~ $12) Organic greens and vegetables, lemon honey vinaigrette which we both thought was very good.  It was big enough to share.  Other reviews indicated the pasta was very good, and our waiter recommended any of the three fresh, made on site, pasta dishes.  I ordered his top recommendation Orechiette con Salciccia ($20) and it was fabulous.   It had lots of spicy sausage made at the restaurant, which I loved.  My wife ordered Ricotta Gnocci ($22)  It was good too, but not as good as the Orechiette, I thought.The chef, Peter J. DeRuvo, walked though the restaurant and stopped at our table to say hello and see if we liked the food.  He was very nice, and we enjoyed talking with him.  The waiter recommended an Italian red wine at $18 a glass that was very good.The restaurant sent us an anniversary desert for two that was very nice.  We didn't ordered it but enjoyed it.  We were surprised when the bill came and they charged us $12 for the desert.  We happily paid for it anyway.  So be careful about telling them it's your anniversary or birthday if you don't want to pay for a desert.  There don't seem to be any free special occasion deserts at Sassi.Our meal with tax was $105 before tip.We dressed up a bit, but there were people that were dressed very casually.  The wait staff was very formal so I would have been uncomfortable dressed very casual.I recommend you call the restaurant for directions because Yahoo Maps gave us wrong directions.  Don't take Pinnacle Peak road east of Pima road.  Take Happy Valley road east of Pima to Alma School road and turn left.  Go about a mile north on Alma School and Sassi will be on your left at Pinnacle Peak Parkway.  East to spot once there. I would recommend this restaurant.
5	With Wade Moises at the helm, there was no better real, high-end Italian cuisine in the Valley. Marcellino's is quite good as well, but not necessarily better. Inventive, fresh and authentic. The setting is a bit over-the-top-North Scottsdale, but beautifully executed. Eating on the patio there can be heavenly. The long drive home, less so. That drive being further frustrated by the consistently best martinis in the Valley. You have to watch yourself, cuz they go down smooth.But with Wade leaving, I fear for the future of Sassi. This is a potential blessing, in that his new place will be in downtown Phoenix, leaving Sassi to find a competent replacement (who won't have the former exec in his backyard). And it means Wade's amazing handmade pastas will be closer to my belly.But it remains to be seen if they can find the right replacement. Tall order to fill. Best of luck, Sassi!
4	I love Sassi.  On Wednesday evenings during the summertime they hold a wine tasting with half price appetizers.  My girlfriends and I make it a regular outing and are sad that it is discontinued in the fall and winter.  That said, when I had to select a location for a business dinner, Sassi was the first place that popped into mind.The atmosphere is what really makes Sassi special.  When you walk through the courtyard and walk through the heavy wooden doors, you know that you are going someplace special.  The restaurant is furnished like an old, Southern Italian farmhouse that is so warm and welcoming that you just don't want to leave.  The service is impeccable - our water glasses were always filled and finished plates were whisked away before you even noticed.Our dinner party of 4 enjoyed the house specialty of homemade pasta with roasted vegetables and the grilled pork chop battuto.  The pasta was just delicious.  The pork chop was slightly dry but the braised runner beans that it was served with were amazing.All in all, our experience at Sassi has been consistantly great.  Our guests were very happy and we will certainly be returning in the near future.
3	Celebrated a holiday dinner here with some friends. There were about 10 of us so we had a private room. Beautiful restaurant, but the food was disappointing and expensive. I'd go back for dessert & drinks maybe to enjoy the ambiance but would go somewhere else beforehand for dinner.
5	My husband and I went on our Saturday date night to Sassi up in north Scottsdale. We've been before and always had great service, amazing food and an incredible view. This time was a little different. There was a wedding in the courtyard! It was so romantic and made me want to marry my husband all over again (at Sassi this time). We sat outside under the heaters and had a roaring fire next to us. We had the Margarita pizza to start, then the gnocchi and the Sole for dinner. Our food was perfect. Needless to say it was a wonderful night! I would recommend Sassi for a date night any time!
1	Downgrading my review to 1 star after receiving a nasty-gram from an orange head named "John G" that works there. Learn to accept criticism and improve!
4	Been here 3 times. Awesome setting - beautiful ambiance - ROMANTIC - Fantastic Patio Views!BAR: Posh.  Happy hr specials for food & drink & bottles of wine.PATIO - GORGEOUSFOOD: 3 course dinner w/glass wine was about $40 (WOW)Wait staff - great, helpful, professionalBrought a whole dessert platter with chocolate writing all around when they found out it was our anniversary (no charge) Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!suggestion: hit dinner @ patio around 5 for sunset & dusk: breath-taking.(hint: hubby's - u will score with this nite of planned romance)
2	Beautiful restaurant...... you can tell that million of dollars have been spent in this place.unfortunately the same passion for detail wasn't put in the menu. When I went with a group of friends we weren't impressed with the food, i would say it was below average and very pricey. My last visit was when the original chef was still there, i belive he left to open his own restaurant downtown phoenix, some sort of pasta bar, which i am not very exited about knowing this guy ability.
3	This place is good, but I wanted it to be great based on the location, decor and price range. Unfortunately, I don't think good is enough to warrant the drive out there if you don't live relatively nearby. The service was good, although a little overbearing at times and I could do without the failed attempts at humor - not every waiter was meant to perform stand-up comedy. This was contrasted buy occasionally long delays between visits from the waiter. The restaurant was far from busy, but he didn't quite seem to have the subtle service and timing down. The prosciutto was great and very plentiful. Of all the items we had it, it was probably the best. The veal chop taste was ok but it was overcooked, even though I asked for medium rare, and when veal is overcooked, it really loses flavor and the right texture. I suppose I should have sent it back. The wine list is rather pitiful. They only have about 6-8 wines or less by the glass and the bottle list seemed very small for a restaurant of this caliber. Also, not that I am prone to use a sommelier, but I would expect a place like Sassi to have one...I didn't see one. This place may be worth a visit for an appetizer and the view at sunset.
5	This place is gorgeous! Went recently and did the appetizers at the bar thing and it was great. It was very slow when we were there which was nice- our server had a lot of personality and was really attentive. ALL the appetizers were all half off and they were delicious, their homemade sausage is awesome and the sliced meats were nice and fresh.They have a bunch of wines at $7 a glass and they are real pours! All in all a great experience, really nice atmosphere and they were surprisingly laid back with our 2yo occasionally acting like a maniac. Lots of good food and drinks for cheap... yay!
5	Went to Sassi Sunday afternoon and loved it! The place is beautiful, I can see why people have their weddings and rehearsals here, its more like a resort than a restaurant. The entry way is preceded by a courtyard and fountain, as well as a walkway lined by small fountains and lights on both sides. Beyond the hostess is a large outdoor patio area and small grassy area (apparently in the fall they also have a festival here). The restaurant itself is beautiful, we sat in the bar in 4 large oversized leather chairs situated around a coffee table.Happy hour is awesome- several glasses of wine are $7, and bottles are $20 off. Appetizers are half off, so we got one of each and had quite a feast! This included skewered shrimp over braised garbanzos, amazing fennel sausages, an assortment of deli meats, meatballs, eggplant involtini, Caponata (my favorite), pizza margarita, and beef skewers. We also loved our waiter, he was sure to keep the wine coming to all of us and was sweet to our 2 year old. If you're looking for a comfortable place with an amazing atmosphere and view, this is. You won't be disappointed with dinner or happy hour here!
4	Contacted by Sassi's management. It's good to know that "John G" is not a true representation of the company. I may or may not return, but it's nice to know management cares enough to try and right a wrong.
4	I love the natural beauty of the restaurants location. Services was excellent and food was great. Small portions but my waistline appreciates that.
5	You know those weeks where you just want to sink into a comfortable chair and relax when its all done? I had that experience on Friday night at Sassi, and it was perfect. It was great to be so attentively waited on, and the atmosphere with friends was enjoyable after the long week.The Sassi GM, Stephen, was kind enough to welcome NVFN (North Valley Friday Nights) to Sassi last Friday. He had an area at the bar set aside for us and provided an assortment of "pickies" :D  lovely little things for us to snack on like toasted nuts, olives and flatbread. He also extended the happy hour menu for us. The wine was flowing and the food was great as always- we had the margarita pizza, the eggplant involtini, the skewered beef and the stuff squah blossoms. Everything was perfect.Sassi is definitely one of my faves, thanks so much for having us, we'll be back very soon
5	Fabulous ambience, great service, and delicious food.  A table on the patio is spectacular, but will sit a max of 6.
5	Sassi has a wonderful chef who understands how to cook without using gratuitous salt.  Each entree, salad and appetizer is lovely  to look at and even better to eat.  They know their wines and have a great wine list.  The place itself is lovely, but it is the food and the staff that keeps us coming back.  Our drive is about 35minutes and we are never disappointed.  Sassi is casual or dressy-the staff is first class and elegant.  We think Sassi offers fine dining and good value.  We will be back again soon.
5	Is it expensive?  Absolutely!  Is it divine?  Absolutely!  We went there for our Anniversary and the entire place knocked us out.  Extremely clean and impeccably designed location.  From the moment we walked in , we were treated like royalty.  The food was amazing.  We started with a Fettunta:  Grilled bread with the most amazing organic heirloom tomatoes.  We tasted the Pizza Margarita.....we had the Pork Chop and the Linguini with Day Boat Shrimp.  Oh, so very, very good!  Everything was very light and rustic.  Then, they brought an Anniversary Cannoli on a plate which said" Buon Anniversario!"  in chocolate script!  It was compliments of the restaurant!  Perfect end to a meal.  Mike is an awesome waiter and I'll request him again when I go back.Then we went into the bar.  The drinks were a little expensive for my taste (who'd have thought!) but the bar tender told us about the  current Happy Hour from -5-7 when all the snacks and appies are half off and wine is currently 25% off.  That would make a pretty tasty little meal.  Now if the drive weren't so long......But what an exciting night!  And do try to sit on the patio.  We didn't and I wish we would have requested it.  Gorgeous.Hats off to the Chef.
4	Great ambiance - a hidden gem in the north side of Scottsdale, AZ - perfect for weddings! I prefer lighter meals and the dishes were rather heavy on the cream; thus the one star reduction. We had the pizza di carne for appetizers and a 3-course meal with duck as well as a 5-course seasonal meal. The duck was delicious for those who enjoy duck. The salmon for the 5-course was not its forte but the rest of the dishes were good. Other than that, excellent service and beautiful design. More a romantic date than a family night out.
5	Really impressed with the Scottsdale dining scene and Sassi was another solid contributor. First off the location is beautiful. It looked like an Italian villa and it seemed the perfect location for a wedding or special event as they have many rooms on this property to host. Our dining room was very nice and we had impeccable service. The menu was traditional Italian food with options for cheese, salami, antipasti, fish, pasta or meats. Very nice selections that made us take our time to formulate a proper feast. They also had an impressive chef's tasting menu at a reasonable price that was very tempting as well. They also let me order my main off of that which is pretty cool. We started with the pizza margarita and their arugula salad. Both were very tasty and the ingredients were top notch and really popped with flavor. For our mains I had the spinach papperadelle with pork ragu and my wife had the ahi tuna. The pasta was an enormous portion and it was fantastic. My wife loved the fish as well. This meal was great and they have 25% off bottles of wine through September, which is a nice bonus.
5	THANK YOU FOR SAVING MY EVENING!  Yes, this place is a drive, but so beautiful and worth it!After a terrible time at Cellar 13 & C4 (Cave Creek Wine & Coffee), we wondered what else to do since we were up North.  SO GLAD WE THOUGHT OF SASSI!!Ron, the bartender was so eloquent and debonair.  It was like he knew us and welcomed us back with open arms.WHAT a HUGE sigh of RELEIF after being treated so poorly at C4.  WHEW!The chianti was just right, and the bruschetta was to die for: simple but perfect.  Beef skewers tender & juicy.  Olive bowl was unique and tasty: all different sizes, shapes, and color.  You are certainly treated like a somebody here, that's for sure!  I definatley have to come back more often, it is really worth the gorgeous drive - and the sunset!  W O W !
3	I was fortunate enough to recieve an invite to a private dinner in the "Wine Cellar." The restaurant couldn't be more beautiful or have a better setting.   Dinner was a 6 course meal with wine pairings.It started with a very nice italian meat and cheese plate.  This was great though their bread left a lot to be desired!  I would think they could have some fresh baked breads or something special.  This was nothing other than a baguette and some dried out focaccia.The salad was suppose to have a champagne vinagrette.  I tasted nothing other than oil on some old greens. 3rd course was a mushroom risotto.  Although the risotto was perfectly prepared it was killed with too many mushrooms (and I love mushrooms.) 4th course was a very bland piece of halibut on top of some other bland pasta. We then recieved the standard sorbet and on to the best dish of the meal! We had a choice between filet or lamb and both dishes were amazing!  Everyone was quite happy with the meat and the preparation.I would ask Sassi to pay some attention to the small dishes leading up to this meal so that I could give it 5 stars!Overall I have a hard time giving the 3 stars when I know the meal cost a small fortune and didn't live up to the price paid.
4	I have to give credit to the Owner, Management and Chef of Sassi for responding immediately to my review.  They were "Johnny on the spot" with concern about my complaints.  It went as far as a phone call from Stephen-GM & Chef Peter.  We went thru the entire nights menu and they had in depth questions about each course.  I can tell they care about all the little details and look forward to my next visit.Thanks for caring guys!
5	Food and Drink 1. I recommend skipping dinner and eating in the bar. Spectacular happy hour, all appetizers are  1/2 off, and wine is $7 a glass. 2. Some of my favs: Eggplant Involtini, Prosciutto, Arancini, Fagioli Fritti and the Cured White Adriatic Anchovies are delicious! Caprese salad is worth the $18. 3. This place understands what portion control is. Instead of piling mounds of food on your plate, they drown your taste buds with sensations and flavors that you've never experienced. 4. The best value is a pre fixe meal Service 1. Better than Ruth's Chris. They will refer to you by your name throughout dinner if you book a reservation. 2. Oops! Drop your napkin or a utensil? Someone will be right there to replace it. 3. Going to the restroom? Come back to your seat to find a newly folded and fresh napkin awaiting you. 4. Ask for Sal--he's a direct import from Italy and is the epitome of customer service. Atmosphere 1. Do not let the location fool you--yes it's fancy, but also laid back. 2. The facility is said to have cost ~11 million to build, and if you look closely, you will find that no detail was missed. 3. Beautiful indoor seating as well as great city views on the patio. If you are chilly on the patio, they have an armoire full of blankets. 4. Sit in the bar in a leather winged back chair and listen to live music Friday and Saturday. Misc 1. They used to have this amazing Caprese martini on the menu but have since removed it, however they will make it for you upon request
2	Pretty good, My boyfriend and I ordered the chefs menu and let him pick our dishes. Most of them were pretty good...But I was really unimpressed with a bratwurst as my main course... it didn't taste like anything special and the presentation was ugly. The accompanying wines were only $40... so the whole dinner was around $150... a bit over priced for what we got, but it is a nice place, good service... but alright food.The "rooms" are gorgeous. We ate in the library. But the Main room, the Garden Terrace and the Kitchen all had their own nice qualities. The wine cellar seemed really nice for a private party.
5	Have had many wonderful meals here, got married here last year and love it so much I'm moving next door next month! : )  I really love this place.  Gorgeous area with stunning views, nothing better "Tuscan" decor, and great wine list.  Highly recommended:  the calamari, the gnocci, the filet, and the limoncello martinis.  And everything else.  if you're thinking of getting married here... they do a PERFECT job on your special day.  Getting there, however, can be a little less than perfect.  My experience dealing with the management was stressful, as their communication was spotty which is the last thing you want when planning a wedding.  However, they come through in the end with not a detail overlooked.
5	Sassi is the best Italian cuisine in all of Phoenix.  Their location is definitely a bit of a drive for me, but well worth it.  The building is spectacular and the view is even better.  The staff is very knowledgeable about their menu and will address your every need.  You won't ever feel rushed, and in fact you'll probably wonder how two hours slipped by while you were enjoying your dinner.  The cheeses and sauces are fantastic, and you can tell they really put a lot thought into their menu and love in their cooking.  Guaranteed to impress your date if you take them here!  You really do get what you pay for at Sassi and if I could afford it I would eat there every week.
4	This review is for just the wedding service and dinner. I can't comment on whether this review would be the same if I dined there but I need to give them some credit where credit is due. Sooooo........our friends are getting married. We RSVP as typical vegans, hacking up the menu/plated dinner choices to accommodate us(would you expect anything else)? We get asked a few weeks before " are you sure you really don't want cheese? " Uh...yeah, we're sure. Sassi probably isn't the type of place we would normally ever go. We don't mind finer dining establishments but the place is like a huge Tuscan compound in the middle of the desert. Speaking of desert, even though the location if far from most everywhere, the Troon/Pinnacle Peak area is some nice acreage. I can see some people really loving this place and I will admit it all is done very well and is impressive, just not our thing. Onto the wedding dinner, our cards were color coded with a "jewel" based on our dining preferences. You got the beef tenderloin it's black, chicken blue, eggplant purple, of course ours were pink for "the difficult, PITA, vegan meal someone has to make". I was honestly expecting for something to be wrong and/or a complete  miss and that we would be stopping at Taco Bell on the way home. I was really prepared to go back to the kitchen to show and tell the chef " see, this is how EASY it is to prepare something Vegan ". None of that happened. We got our first course, salad. Everyone was pretty much getting the same thing and one of the servers attempted to put one in front of me but the other server dude said "NO...This is a VEGAN" and proceeded to give me my veganized special salad. Wow, I felt so special. This guy was like the vegan Nazi, no animal products were getting near me if this guy was around!! Second course came, pasta,  and it was excellent as well. It was obvious there was no cheese on ours but the server even made a point to whisper to me that this pasta is vegan as well. I would never expect it not to be but it was a nice reassurance. Third course we were expecting a veganized version of eggplant parm but they ended up pulling out something completely different. It was a silken tofu, crusted in some nuts and a sweet tangy sauce with some vegetables and couscous on the side. It was a complete shocker. I don't love silken tofu but it was pretty darned good and a nice surprise. All in all everything exceeded my expectations. I wonder if they would be this accommodating if I was a dinner guest? I am not sure, I looked at the dinner menu and they don't have lots of options but maybe I should give them a shot. If the vegan Nazi is around I am sure he would take care of me.
4	I had the pleasure of  eating a wonderful dinner on the terrace recently. In 2008 I did not think much of the food, and in the early fall of 2009 I discovered half-price apps at the bar and was impressed. We then had a lovely table in front of a fireplace in 11/09 for my mother's 80th birthday and were again impressed. So now I'm really impressed enough to write a review, as I think the establishment has made great progress since 2008 and is now a destination restaurant. I brought some Chicago foodie friends there, and they raved. The gnocci, the stagionale salad with LOTS of beets, flavorful shrimp with prosciutto and ceci bean salad, the hard to find in Scottsdale tender veal chop,well-prepared fish dishes without too much fluff, roasted brussel sprouts,  the wine, the ambience, and the knowledgable inobtrusive waiter-all contributed to a very enjoyable dining experience.Don't go if you are looking for NY American Italian, as in veal parm or linguini with clams-go somewhere else for that. Go if you want relaxed fine Italian dining, inside or outside, and don't forget to hit the bar for happy hour when you want small plates and value.
3	This place is fa-reaking palatial.  Walking into this restaurant is on par with getting on a cruise ship or starting your first day of college.  Lots of pretty girls up front too;  but what giamungious restaurant doesn't these days? Anyway...The food was good, but  I can't say I jizzed my pants eating it.  The waiter was exceptionally helpful, almost snootily so, which is nice when your dropping a few Benji's on grub, but dude an alfredo sauce is made from butter, cream, garlic, cheese etc, not from a modified scampi sauce.  I thought the wine selection was large and in charge, but sadly was almost all Italian (viva la france!). They're very specific about when you get yer bread too. (NO BREAD FOR YOU!)The massive positive here was the salmon.  This dish could'a made me mousse my shorts.  Wish I had ordered it and not the Gnocchi.  Dessert absolutely sucked donkey anus.  Mine was actually stale (some apple cake thing).  Coulda just got a bad one, I know this can happen.    I give you three stars Sassi, you're cool looking and would probably get me laid if I weren't taken already... and assuming my date has no taste buds and is slightly touched in the head.  I may come back and eat the salmon again.   Assuming it's still available.  Gigity.
4	Amazing setting .. stupendous views inside and out (I wouldn't mind getting married here!). Service was top-notch; I can say nothing bad about it (the hostess even called me the next day to thank me for coming in!).The menu was a bit limited (but changes often ... I like that). The portions tended towards the small side, but totally satisfying. The prices are rather high, so this isn't your typical "happy hour" locale. However, for a special occasion and/or special someone, you would be hard-pressed to find a better location.
5	This is defiantly the best of the best.  Best patio in PHX/SDL.  It is pricey but well worth the money.
5	I was here for a wedding. The food was great, service was spectacular, the atmosphere was top notch. The server was very attentive to my girlfriend's gluten allergy and even took her back to the kitchen while the best man was giving his speech to go over the meal with her. That got it the 5th star. Great place for a wedding or just dinner.
4	One of our all time favs.....we love the food - the service is stupendous and the ambience relaxing...Enjoyed yet another relaxing meal there last night after walking out of extremely loud, packed in like cattle and overpriced Mastro's.  The "Little Ears" pasta is my fav dish and hubby enjoyed the summer gnocci...delish!  And Salavatore our server was excellent as always!
5	I do not have the ability to write a review that could describe how great Sassi is, but here we go.The restaurant is basically a multimillion dollar villa perched high on the Scottsdale desert.  The wait staff is amazing, the manager is phenomenal and the food is like nothing I have had before.  On several occasions the staff has gone above and beyond to "wow" us and they update the menu seasonally to keep it fresh.The ambiance is very classy and the waiter Sal with his fresh off the boat, Italian accent is awesome.  You could take a woman on a date here but I warn you, if this is how you are going to set the bar for dining experiences...  there is nowhere but down from Sassi.All of the food is superb but I highly recommend the following:Sicilian style Eggplant Involtini Orecchiette con Salsiccia aka little ears pastaBuffalo Mozzarella CapreseI love eggplant dishes but the Eggplant Involtini is amazing.  The thinly sliced eggplants are rolled and stuffed with fresh mozzarella and baked in a tiny cast iron skillet.  The little ears pasta are so chewy and fresh, served in a delicate sauce.  The Buffalo Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes bring a tear to my eyes they are so enjoyable.Aside from the dining experience, the picturesque views would be perfect for reception dinners or any other memorable experience.i can't say enough praise for Sassi or the staff.  If I ever meet the owners I will hug and thank them generously.
4	Last night went to Sassi to take advantage of the start of Arizona Restaurant Week. This was my second visit to Sassi. Had been there once before a few years ago. The menu has changed from several years ago, for the better. We had four in our party and started off with the Antipasti for four. They offer it for two or four people. Excellent quality of meats, cheeses, roasted vegetables, olives, caponata, broccoli rabe, beans. They offered $29.00 bottles of wine to go with the $29.00 restaurant week specials. We had two bottles of the Cabernet/Sangiovese blend #501 on the menu. Excellent.  Each of the members in our party ordered restaurant week specials. Roasted butternut squash soup was phenomenal. Sole and Pork Chop were outstanding. Chocolate dessert was the best choice from the selection. The restaurant is a multimillion dollar Tuscan villa set in the desert of North Scottsdale. Just a beautiful place and experience all the way around. Service was superb.
5	I am going to start off this review by saying I may be a little biased, but in my opinion Sassi is the BEST restaurant in Phoenix!  The reason I am biased is my Husband and I got married here 2 years ago after falling in love with this place and then getting engaged here.With all that said, even if this place wasn't so magical (because of everything it means to me) I would still love it.  We had dinner here this past Saturday and, as usual, the food was amazing.  We the roman meatballs, like usual, and they were fabulous.  We both had pasta dishes after that and again, so good.  Finally to dessert, Sassi hasn't always had the best dessert selections, but this time we went the menu changed a bit.  It was overall paired down to some great selections, but the biggest change was the desserts.  We had the peach cake with cinnamon gelato, and I must say, it was FABULOUS!I just love Sassi and would recommend it to anyone for a nice romantic dinner out and a taste of true Italy!
4	We had great vegetarian food here. The squash blossoms for appetizers were great. The gnocchi with pesto and tomatoes were great. Great food and good service.
5	This place is GORGEOUS.  The beautiful layout of this place and the different rooms... love it.Food is awesome.  We had the November 3 course meal with the wine pairing and it was GREAT.  Hubby and I really enjoyed ourselves.We got to sit out on the patio next to the fire pit... that's the best spot if you ask me.  I was wearing something sleeveless and it was slightly chilly out, but the fire pit and the warmers around kept it perfect.I did have one of their pomaritas... (pomegranate margarita) and it was EXCELLENT.  The mixture was great... that's one of those drinks that you could keep drinking, and then stand up to leave and fall over. hahaThe bathrooms are beautiful. :)  Each stall has it's own sink!  Love it.What was even cooler was that the server and the hostess even addressed us by name (we had a reservation) and also congratulated us on our marriage and wished my hubby happy birthday. :-)  It was a nice touch.  I also got a call the next day from Sassi to make sure that everything went well.BTW... before I went here, I was looking thru Yelp for the dress code for Sassi... I did see some go in there in some nice jeans and nice shoes... but no tennis shoes, no tshirts.  I wore a very nice black sleeveless top (that was revealing) with a nice black skirt and heels, and I felt perfectly comfortable.
3	Went to Sassi The last week of November. It was our 4yr anniversary, so they gave us a some champagne on the house to celebrate it.  Great start to the meal! Sadly, The food was somehow not up to par. Started with some bruschetta to snack on...Meh, the bread just wasn't right, flavors were muddled and just decent. I had the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. Pulled pork tagliatelle (way too much meat going on, pasta was great, but overall, the dish was a little off). It was a big portion as well. I would have just stuck with one kind of pork, not two, and a touch more sauce. Osso bucco was salty, and not prepared the traditional way with the marrow. It reminded me more of a concentrated version of beef short ribs.  Just a few fingerling potatoes and over salted mushrooms scattered around the plate.  Not my favorite. The 3rd course consisted of this apple crepe thing. Seemed like an afterthought at best.  They also sent out a comped dessert for our anniversary which was a little cannoli, (It's the thought that counts).  It was a nice gesture, but there was nothing special about it at all. Here is what really irked me.....My significant wanted a pasta dish, and asked if the pasta had a red sauce. Our server said yes so he ordered it. It came, and it had no such red sauce on it at all. We waited 10 minutes to flag someone down to fetch our server for us. He asked to have a red sauce with sausage in his orecchiette, like the original dish he thought he was getting in the first place! It came plain, nothing on it but sauce. At that point, it was useless to send it back again, so we just dealt with it. Our server even acknowledged that they forgot to put the meat in it, yet, when the bill came, we still ended up paying $18 for a small plate of orecchiette with red sauce and NOTHING else!  It's just funny, because the 6 top next to us pretty much sent half their main courses back as well.  We overheard our server telling them she thought the kitchen was 'off' that night.   We NEVER expect to get anything comped EVER!  What I DO expect is that if the kitchen/staff make a mistake, they should either FIX it and FIX it CORRECTLY or ADJUST the price!  The wedding open house we went to a month or so prior, had better food, and that was more of a buffet style atmosphere. The pasta was better, salad, apps, everything!  Hopefully they were just having an "off" night, but either way, it makes us think twice about EVER going back. Our unfortunate experience at Sassi that night = 2 STARS+1 STAR for my wonderful significant who made the most of our night even though the food was bad
1	Waaaaaaaah! And Grrrrrrrrrrr!I'd leave it at that, but I think you need to hear just why I am so pained. Honey and I decided to go all out for a biggie New Year's dinner extravaganza. It had been a while since we got all gussied and spent the big bucks. We were due for some eye-rolling, table-thomping deliciousness. Perusing the short list of our local faves, we both spied the prix-fixe at Sassi and did a little dance. Limited menus at a swank venue usually equate to exceptional dishes, well worth the limitedness of it all. We wanted them to BRING IT. We deserved it!We arrived just a few minutes late (even got a car/driver so as to be sated AND safe), and were immediately seated. The restaurant was not crowded, we liked our table and saddled up. As is always the case, a pre-dinner cocktail was ordered while perusing the menu. A few minutes later our martinis arrived, poured at the table and we were left to make our New Year's toast. Enter click glasses, raising to lips........screeeeech! "Excuse me, miss? Sorry, you were given the wrong drink." No big deal. It happens.We ordered our courses with delight and within minutes the appetizer course appeared. This was a trio of selected appetizers, all tasty and complementary. Our empty plates were quickly whisked away, along with our silverware, and whallah, a second plate of the same appetizers appeared. Er, um, we just had this course. No big deal. It happens. Minutes go by and here comes the appropriate second course. The plates were delivered and we all-to-late realized our silverware was not replaced. A few minutes of trying to discreetly flag someone down and then on to the eating. Salmon - yum, Sausage, pretty yum. Neither as noteworthy as expected, but so far so good. Next was the highly anticipated lobster gnocchi course. We didn't bother to order two different entrees, we both wanted this to ourselves. Oooooh here it comes! "Be careful these plates are hot." Oh. Wait. This is wrong. These are the selections for the next course. WHERE IS MY LOBSTER GNOCCHI? Hot plates removed. Hmmmm. Starting to waver between angry and sad. Lobster Gnocchi arrives. Nothing a little lobster can't fix, right?  Well, wrong. Overcooked, tough shards of lobster...but worse, the gnocchi (black) was so overpowered with anise that we could barely get it down. It was one of the most terrible dishes I have had in ages. We were destroyed. And we eat everything. Oh goodie. Here come the hot plates we were served 10 minutes ago. Now it's been a good 20+ minutes under the warmer. Another warning for "extremely hot plates". I'm not sure there is ever a time for appreciating this, save for a cast-iron skillet, or ooey gooey Mexican fare that actually tastes better when all fired up. Well, it cooled a bit considering we had to wait yet again for someone to return with silverware. My sea bass was fine. It wasn't great. The plate didn't offer much for texture. Rice with sauteed spinach and fish. Mush and mush. Honey's veal was terrible. Tasteless, overcooked discs of mystery meat positioned next to the most horrific attempt at truffled potato gratin (the main reason he ordered the dish) we have ever been served. By this time we just wanted out. The service, the food, the whole night was throwing us into a funk that was so undeserved for the price and the holiday. Dessert was *shockingly* unspectacular. Two unfinished plates (and I have a mouth full of sweet teeth) were proof that the meal didn't even end well. So over $400 later, the joke was on us. We were so distraught we decided to call the car early and just go home. In bed by 11:45 instead of ringing in the New Year at the bar at Sassi. Enough said. A year ago Sassi's butternut squash ravioli haunted me. Now I wake up in cold sweats dreaming I have to endure New Year's Eve all over again.
5	Great
5	It's the closest you can get to actually eating in Italy.  It's amazing!
5	I love this restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is delicious.
4	This place really is beautiful.  I can see why people would want to have wedding receptions here.  There are many spaces with great potential for photographs.  We happened to be in the area for the weekend so we decided to give Sassi a try.  We sat outside on the patio with a great view of the setting sun.  The temperature was around 60 degrees with a slight breeze, but there were heat lamps everywhere so my wife and I both felt warm throughout dinner.We ordered the grilled octopus, Sassi meatballs, ricotta gnocchi, veal chop, and sea scallops.  The octopus was very tender and grilled perfectly.  The Sassi meatballs were moist and delicious.  The ricotta gnocchi was a bit tough (maybe that's the way they're supposed to be), but they were not as flavorful as the appetizers.  The veal chop had a great grilled flavor but the meat itself didn't taste like much.  It was supposed to be medium-rare, but most of it was more like medium-well until I got close to the bone, then it quickly became rare.  I guess that's what happens when you cook bone-in meat.  The scallops were wonderful, cooked just right.  I rarely have scallops at upscale restaurants that aren't cooked correctly.  I liked the arugula salad that comes with the scallops, my wife not so much so that part's a wash.Food-wise it was hit and miss, but decor and view are unbeatable.  Service was friendly also which is important to us.  I don't live in the area so I probably won't get many chances to come back, but if I do, I would like to come back earlier in the day and get more pictures here.  It is on the expensive side so I would recommend this place for special occasions.
5	My husband took me here for our anniversary.  This place is beautiful! We got here a couple minutes early and went to the bar and had a couple drinks. We were then seated at our table and resented with the menu. Everything looked so delicious we had a hard time deciding. Every course was perfect and beautifully presented. the best for me was the Orecchiette con Salsiccia, past shaped like pig ears with sausage. It was soooo good.  For the main dish my husband got stuffed veal, I had to steal a couple bites :), and I got a seasonal fish, I forget what it was called. We ordered a dessert, the Baba cake, not knowing that they were going to serve us an Anniversary dessert, $9, since my husband told them our special occasion when he made the reservation. Still it was wonderful, 2 cannolis served on a plate with "Buon Anniversario" written on the plate. I just wish it wasn't so chilly outside because the patio looked like a lovely place to sit when the weather is right.
4	The Ambiance is so breathtaking it almost doesn't matter what the food or service is like so that makes Sassi is a must go to dining destination if you enjoy going out to eat .You will want to dine on the patio so make sure you reserve a table there .Because of the Elegant , Romantic but Casual atmosphere I almost didn't mind the white dinner napkin when I was wearing black .We started with an Antipasti plate and seasonal Melone (honeydew) both were Fantastic . The small size Antipasti that we shared was larger than we thought it would be with higher quality meats and cheeses than i thought it would be. I did  think the small is big enough for 4 people . The Melone we had Blew me away and this became an instant must order again  I hope it can taste this good again it was so light and refreshing it was divine seasoned just right.My husband had the house made Orecchiette with house made sausage , red peppers , rapini and pecorino he enjoyed it.I had the special salmon but not the May special I ordered it as an entree (wild king salmon ,squash cut like fettuccine , fava beans and pistachio mint pesto) It was very good but not perfect ,the pesto needed more mint , slightly over salted and slightly underdone and was slightly too oily, I do understand medium rare but mine was rare to raw on half I was undecided about sending it back but I didn't because nobody checked on us and I was getting filled up anyway and had enough food. You will not be as picky as me and will not think the same because it was so fresh and really good quality salmon it almost didn't matter.and it was good don't get me wrong and I would have given 5 stars if my meal was spot on and service perfect.Overall it was enjoyable I thought reasonably priced I would recommend and I'd return. I thought the server I had was not as accommodating as others I saw . this was close to a five .
3	This is a review that I almost don't want to write. Sassi is a beautiful place, and we had such hopeful expectations for it. But for our party of twelve, on a "Restaurant Week" Saturday evening, Sassi was a  disappointment  and we are all in agreement.We arrived at 7:30 and the place was nearly empty. That in itself is ominous on a Saturday night. We are brought to an empty room with a long large table and ask for a round table. Hey, we are all friends and want to be in on the conversation. The answer is no. Simply no. You will have to eat here. The room is very warm, can it be cooled down a bit? It never got cooler.  We are seated and yelling across the table in order to converse with one another and then something very weird happens. There is a woman attempting to sing into a microphone, somewhere, and it is blasting out of speakers above our heads. No music mind you. Just this loud, over modulated voice blaring from the speakers. Make it stop. Please make it stop. Our first two requests were ignored but when my wife told the waitress that she would not order food until it stopped, the manager finally put an end to our torture and assured us that it would not happen again. There is a special wine list with a $29 section and a more expensive list. At the truly excellent Becco, in the Manhatten Theatre District, they have something similar. But there, the wait staff know the selections, and can help you narrow down the choices. No such luck at Sassi. The waitress knows nothing about anything. OK. Fine. I'll go with the Nero D'Avola. I  assume it will be a safe choice. Of course, I find out much later that it is out of stock. They allegedly have a wine steward, but he never shows, so I make a random pick. You all know the drill for restaurant week. Fixed price, three courses, three selections in each category. The appetizers arrive and are served randomly to the twelve of us who proceed to play musical appetizers until everything is settled. The food is good but not great. My eggplant is especially good as is the salad and the bruschetta.   For the main course I had a seafood combination, served cioppino.It was a little nondescript but the seafood was prepared well and the portion was generous. Those having the braised short ribs, commended the texture but not the taste. One person ordered fettuccine which came out very, very late from the kitchen and I'm told, was awful. The cold and soggy focaccia, brought to the table in generous amounts, was still around at the end of the meal when I would have liked to dip a little in the  cioppino. This was not to be. Even though I asked the waitress not to take my plate away, when I turned my head  during conversation, it was whisked  away. Why? Why induce new, potential regulars to your restaurant and then treat them so apathetically?  Could the built in gratuity be the culprit? Is this a once fine restaurant now on its last legs and ready to close? Who knows? Who cares? There is a bunch of us who made our first trip to Sassi, our last one.
5	Best romantic place for dinner ..Location Location  and views are to die for. Would recommend highly
1	Simply a bad place. Owner has no clue. Very aloff.
4	I love this place, the food, ambiance and friendly staff...did I say ambiance...oh so beautiful, If I was was going to get married again, it would be there! but he better be making bank or it till be at the buffalo chip instead..haha j/k,  The hilight of my meal was the ocotopus appetizer..OMG I would have had 4 of those instead of an Entree' SUPURB Daling as Zsa Zsa would say, btw, I do feel a but Green Acres out here just coming from LA..  I love it here for sure ! when youre in love the whole world is delicious, Its so true ! xxxx
4	As I said before the atmosphere here is so breathtaking the rest almost doesn't matter and they also have one of the best patios anywhere for outside dining .The bread basket is excellent with variety and you have high quality olive oil to use .We ordered the antipasto again and now I believe my server LAST TIME gave us the wrong one ( the one for four people last time) because this one was much smaller and maybe less variety BUT STILL GOOD and ENOUGH .Both dinners were cooked to perfection , we had Veal Osso Buco over polenta and very light and delicious Branzino that came with roasted broccoli and a roasted lemon . The broccoli was a whole top that was roasted and had crisp ends but not burnt , sort of nutty tasting it was the very best broccoli I ever had out . Service was off the charts as good as can be and like last time they called the next day to discuss how they did .They participate in the preferred restaurants card program and one dinner was free .They did add 20% gratuity because of the preferred card but I had no problem with that since everything was excellent . Everything really was great I highly recommend .
4	Definitely a fan. How can you not be?Great ambiance and food! Yes, the food is expensive but worth it. (Your whole evening will, I promise, be much cheaper than a trip to Italy, but you'll feel like you're in another country.)We treated the dad and sister to a Christmas dinner at Sassi on a Friday night and had impeccable service and a great time sharing "family style". All main courses are exquisitely prepared - you have to try the seasonal fish on the menu - and the starters are unique and tasty.I recommend dinner for special occasions and drinks for when you want to get away to Italy but can only get to Pinnacle Peak and Alma School.
1	This is a very poorly run place. Go anywherr but here... High prices,average food poorservice
5	Stunning place, impeccably clean, staff is very attentive.. service was excellent.. food delicious enough to dream about and the beautiful live smooth jazz in the bar area was the perfect ending to our wonderful evening.We will be back again soon!
5	My wife and I went for Valentine's Day and were VERY impressed.  The restaurant's landscape design, interior, exterior and service were nearly flawless. The food was very good. A great amount of detail went into making sure customers were a part of a uniquely elegant and comfortable experience. I HIGHLY recommend it to all in the area, and to those that plan on visiting. It'll be well worth the visit!
4	Really glad we gave Sassi a second chance after being unimpressed the first time.  This time we were seated promptly, at a table type we requested.  The service was great and food wonderful.  The Gorgonzola fondue was amazing as was the veal risotto (stated as a first course but definately big enough for a meal.  Only complaint was that for dear Hubby the beer list is woefully small.  Other than that a very nice romantic and satisfying dinner.
5	There were 6 of us, and our dining experience was excellent!   With reservations at 6pm (Feb. 24, 2012), we were seated on the patio facing southwest, so the setting Sun gave us a very pleasant show with Pinnacle Peak standing tall beside it.  The air grew chilly quickly after sunset, but the patio has numerous adjustable propane/gas towers, and our waiter promptly adjusted one nearby to keep us cozy.  Though it was a Friday evening with a wedding reception going on below us, the noise level was not noticeable, and we spoke to each other comfortably as if we were in someone's living room.  We started with cocktails and wine, and shared various appetizers: risotto (very good), eggplant baked in a marinara sauce (also very good), and "fingerling" potatoes which seemed to be enjoyed by others but had a strange spice which I did not care for.  As for entrees, we had two orders of grouper, two orders of sea bass, one of halibut, and one of veal chops.  The fish dishes were prepared perfectly and did not have a "fishy" taste.  The veal dish was also superbly prepared, as everyone voiced pleasure with their entrees.  For dessert, some of us only had coffee, but three of us had profiteroles (a trio of small cream puffs filled with a sampling of different ice creams: vanilla, chocolate, and amaretto - very pleasant).   Service was excellent. For the 6 of us, the total was under $500 including drinks and taxes (but excluding tip).  What can I say?  I wouldn't know how to script a more delightful dinner anywhere.
4	I would probably rate Sassi 3.5 stars if possible but there were a few nice touches with our meal tonight and it is very inexpensive so they won the .5.The appetizers were really good, fried squash blossoms were delicious (I wish the parmesan was grated fresh), buffala mozzarella was incredible with wonderful red tomatoes and less wonderful green tomatoes (needed a knife to cut).  Bread basket wasn't bad and they give you a nice olive oil for dipping.Gnocchi had a great consistency but was kind of bland (again, fresh parmesan would have been better), husband enjoyed the baked rigatoni but thinks they could probably get their fifth AAA diamond if they didn't burn the top of the macaroni.  Pasta portions were just right in my opinion but you should ask if you're expecting a trough.Nice selection of Italian wines.Service was spotty.  There was no rhyme or reason behind when the kid would show up, we poured our own wine after it was decanted, bread basket showed up right before the appetizer, kid was embarrassed by the up sell he must have been forced to try on us which just created an awkward few moments for all involved.  Sommelier was very helpful and we enjoyed his recommendation.Driving up I almost wanted to turn around.  The strip mall in the far side of the parking lot is "old west cheesy" and it became clear to me that Sassi probably does really well as a catering hall by walking through the enormous parking lot and touristy front courtyard.Pretty nice interior - different indoor and outdoor seating to choose from and some views from both.  Wood paneling, big leather chairs, a very nice wine room - someone decorated this place well.If you went to a wedding reception here you would declare it sensational, if you had dinner here you would declare it the perfect place to take your grandparents when they are in town.
5	I went to one of the most romantic, delicious dinners in the Valley ever at Sassi in north Scottsdale. The restaurant is a replica of a Tuscan villa, and though I've never been to Italy, the relaxed atmosphere during the multi-course meal reminded me of places I've been in Marid.The huge space has several fire place-filled dining rooms, and there's also a gorgeous, gigantic patio which overlooks Pinnacle Peak. It's no wonder it's a hot spot for wedding rehearsal dinners, and the venue even hosts weddings, too.Besides the magnificent meal, I loved Sassi for its excellent service. I never felt rushed, the servers and front-of-house staff were knowledgable and respectful and the atmosphere was ultra-classy.I'm sure it's also spectacular to eat there at sunset with a view of the mountains.
5	This is my favorite Italian restaurant in AZ.  The location, the view, the wonderful staff and the fantastic food all combine for a delightful experience.
4	If I could give 10 stars for an awe-inspiring location and absolutely gorgeous venue I would. The 35 minute drive from Phoenix to Pinnacle Peak transports you from the city to an old-world Italian villa 10,000 miles away.Upon arrival you are greeted by a stone courtyard with a trickling fountain smack dab in the middle.beyond the fountain you make your way down the walkway and enter through a large wooden door. Beside an inviting bar and lounge are several rooms lit by soft candle light in which you can enjoy your meal.I started with grilled octopus which was delicious. I followed this by splitting the pasta with sausage and peppers. For my main I enjoyed a New York steak. This was accompanied by a bottle of chianti.The food, while great, was a little underwhelming (except the octopus which was great) My New York was coated with a flavorful rub but the rub actually overpowered the flavor of the meat which was disappointing. My steak was also a little more fatty than I am accustomed to in a New York. However the meat was VERY moist and rich so I understand how the marbling is important if this is how you enjoy your meat. However it was a little too rich and fatty for me.Also if you go with an appetizer and a first course you may find yourself too full for your main which is what happened to me. So the meal overall did not stack up to the atmosphere.This would not stop me from coming back again however or for recommending it for a special occasion, There are lots of items on the menu so I would be eager to come back again and see what else I can enjoy. The menu is very thoughtfully prepared and the service is top notch so I'm bound to love something there I'm sure.
2	I have eaten twice before at Sassi and was so pleased with the service and food.  It is pricey but a nice treat.  Last night we took a friend for a special dinner and were frankly shocked at the drop in quality.  The green salad was soaked in dressing and almost inedible.  The bread came to the table chilled as if it had just been taken from the refrigerator.  Our pasta had obviously sat waiting for a while before being brought to our table.  The manager, who seems excellent otherwise, actually was the one to bring us our food.  Frankly, felt the quality no longer justifies the price and we won't go back.
5	4.5 stars, everything was absolutely spectacular including the service... except the booze. Try the caprese it's $20 but u can split with 4 people as a starter. Also the orechetta with sausage is to die for; the mushroom risotto is well prepared and both are quite rich so you will need to come up for air. The focaccia and olive bread served with EVOO is perfection also.My general opinion on Italian food is that it's hard to screw up pasta, so why should it be pricey. Sassi proved me wrong, I was thoroughly impressed. Worth the price tag.
4	If you want to give a "most improved" award, I vote for Sassi. Over the years I have had meals that at best were so-so. However, for the past year or so, their food and service has improved immensely. On our last two trips we ate in the bar, and were overjoyed with the food and service. During the summer they had a simple pasta and beans special that was sensational. I hope the chef brings it back as an everyday item. Their calamari is served differently than most restauarant, and that's probably why it looks and tastes so great! It is a beautiful restaurant, and now that the problem with food and service has been corrected, we will be regulars!
3	This was our third visit to Sassi and it was as picturesque as ever. The setting is spectacular. Sadly you cannot give a restaurant review based solely on atmosphere. The appetizers were very tasty. Caprese, meat and cheese plate, warm olives (best thing ever!) and one more but I can't think of what it was. For dinner we had carbonara, halibut, short rib ragu, and something else. The pasta was ok, not what I was hoping for but it was still ok. The short rib was very good. The halibut was terrible. Cooked in a bag with cauliflower and extreme amounts of lemon I heard its one of their specialties but none of our group was able to eat it. The dessert was ok. The service was professional.
4	We had family visiting for the holidays and took them to Sassi for dinner.  We ordered a bunch of different dishes and I must say, almost everything was great.  The risotto was a big hit as were the olives, cheese plate (I actually came home and ordered a wheel of the midnight moon cheese it was so good), raviolo, lamb, mussels, scallops, roasted root veggies, short rib and pear butter cake.  The only complaints I heard from the table were about the sea bass (not much flavor) and that the short rib was a little fatty.My complaints are: The buffalo mozzarella salad did not taste like buffalo mozzarella.  It tasted like a very cold and very firm fresh regular cow's milk mozzarella (and not a very good one at that), the red tomato slices on the plate were rock hard.  The bread basket had a few slices of  Italian bread - good bread but I'd like to see something a little better, some variety would be nice. I'd also like a pepper grinder on the table for the olive oil.  The service was not great - it was slow, the kid was lost at times, the wrong food was dropped off at our table, and we had to get the check early because our server seemed to evaporate as the meal progressed.I guess I feel this way about Sassi, it's cheap, the ambiance is fantastic, and the food is mostly very good.  I wouldn't take friends that are accustomed to fine dining here but it's a pretty solid spot.  I still say it's more of a 3.5 than a 4.
2	Granted this could be an unusual, once a year experience, but my girlfriend and I went there for New Year's Eve, and we felt as if we had been held up at gunpoint, and forced to pay for their insanely small portions. Okay, we both have a few food allergist's and gluten. But considering their normal menu had many options, we felt confident it would work out. To our dismay, they had the most limited prix fixe menu I have ever seen in my long life. Basically one starter, one second course, and the choice of three items for the third course. We explained to our insanely friendly waitress (the one who would now pass by our table every three minutes with a nervous smile on her face and ask us how we were doing, until we lived in dread for her next pass by) our food allergies. She seemed taken aback. Twenty minutes later she explained the chef would do something special for us. Special indeed. We had sat down at 9:10pm. Our first glimmer of food on the table came over an hour later. The chef had concocted some very strange food balls as a first course, which she tried to describe as chickpea fritatas, but really looked like something you threw together in your first college apartment. The waitress kept passing by even more often to make sure we were enamored of these "balls," which forced my girlfriend to eat most of them, to get her off our back. She even made me eat one and they were strange tasting to say the least--more like glue balls. As we waited and waited we saw people who had come in after us already getting their desserts. Then finally came the salad, a very normal but very small salad. What made the chef take almost an hour and a half to present us with this extremely average salad? Now, the courses came at us fast and furious. A risotto dish that was the size of something you would put on your toothbrush. Risotto dishes are generally hearty affairs, a peasant like dish. This portion could not feed a grasshopper. Then came the main dishes. To replace the creamy cheesy side dishes on the highly restricted prix fixe, the imaginative chef had come up with white beans, on both main courses. No other vegetables or starch. The portions were yet again fit for tiny mammals, and the food was not hot. When it was time for dessert (at which point I was dreaming of the crackers and almond butter in my hotel room), the creepy stalking waitress informed us that they did not have fruit (our request) because they did not carry fruit in the kitchen, as they only carried things in season. It seems that no fruits are in season at this time of year, a surprise to both of us. She brought us some sorbet which was surprisingly good, but yet again of ant-like proportions. The greatest surprise came however with the bill. As no prices were on the menu, we were subject to rampant speculation as to the price. We feared the worst and were not disappointed--$135 each, plus a 20% tip already included, all totaling close to $400 for this wretchedly mediocre, extremely late and unimaginative prix fixe "feast." The rice crackers in my hotel room never tasted so good. Perhaps it was a once year anomaly, but be forewarned. It should not be called Sassi's but Sucky's.
1	My boyfriend and I booked a reservation at the Four Seasons and forgot to make a reservation for dinner for New Year's Eve, so all of their tables were booked. We asked the concierge for dinner recommendations, and she recommended Sassi's, so we went ahead and booked after looking online at the menu and positive reviews. We were not able to get a reservation until 9:00, but when we arrived the restaurant was mostly empty. When we got our menus, we were dismayed to see that it was a prix fixe menu that included items we can't eat because we don't eat gluten and dairy (almost every course included some sort of cream or gluten, such as a butternut squash panna cotta, cheesy polenta, bruschetta, etc, whereas their regular menu did not). So when our waitress came we told her that we don't eat gluten and dairy, and asked if they could leave the cheese off the polenta and maybe just give us a salad instead of the panna cotta. She told us that she wanted our evening to be stellar, and that the chef would specially prepare dishes for us. So we felt extremely lucky that the chef would do that for us, and waited in hungry anticipation while other tables munched on their bread and bruschetta, wondering what would miraculously appear.A few minutes go by, and the waitress comes by and asks how we're doing. We say fine. A few minutes later, the same ritual. This goes on and on and on. My boyfriend jokes that his mouth hurts from having to smile every five minutes and pretend that we're so happy for getting this special meal made for us, when actually he's starving and feeling sick from the lack of food. More time goes by. The waitress comes by and explains that since the chef is preparing not one but two special dishes for us, our food will come out later than other peoples' food. We smile ingratiatingly and say yes, thank you so much. We continue to stare at other people eating their first course, their second course, their third course. After about an hour and fifteen minutes, we're really sad. Our plastered smiles have turned into grimaces, and the next time the waitress comes by we whine at her. "Can't you bring us SOMETHING? Some olives, some nuts?" we plead sadly. She tells us that she is aware of the situation, that she has been watching and seen that no food has been brought to us, and that from this moment on the evening will be turned around for us. It's 10:30 by now, and we have gone through hunger to a state in which we are almost not hungry anymore but just feel sick. About two minutes later, she appears with a plate of fried balls, telling us with great relish that the chef has prepared these chick pea fritters for us. My boyfriend eyes the fried balls suspiciously. "Do you trust these?" he asks anxiously. "Don't they look breaded?" "No, they're fine," I insist. So we each took a bite. He practically spit his out. "Something's not right," he said. "It's not that bad, really," I said. I wanted him to eat something because he was so starving, but he was like a cat with a dish of the wrong catfood placed in front of him. To tell the truth, they really were horrible, and plus they were not even hot and I suspect they were leftovers. A few minutes later the waitress passed by and eyed the plate of uneaten fried balls. I ate one more to make it look like we liked them. She passed by several more times, each time surreptitiously sneaking a glance at the plate of neglected balls. I forced myself to eat one more. A few minutes later and we each got a tiny salad consisting of a couple of slices of hard tomato, some hazelnuts and pomegranate seeds, a vinaigrette, and some shaved bits of curly lettuce. Utterly tasteless.  Now my boyfriend started to get angry. "Why did it take them an hour and a half to come up with this totally unremarkable salad?" he said with a choke in his voice. He is a salad eater, and gets emotional about bad salads. After that the dishes came in quick succession: about THREE OUNCES of a decent mushroom risotto, and then the entrees. One was a horrible veal thing which consisted of two slices of a cold, white, chewy, tasteless mystery meat over equally tasteless white beans along with a little chunk of veal cheek stew which was okay but also cold. The other entree was one miniscule and very bland quail which was at least served hot, over the same white beans. We almost could not eat the veal and the beans, and left half the beans although we had so far received only a few ounces of food. For dessert we requested just fruit, but she said they didn't have fruit "because we only have fruits in season," and instead brought us sorbet. We didn't want sugar but the sorbet was decent. No prices on the menu - then the bill came. Almost $400, with only one glass of wine and a Pellegrino. That was the worst expensive meal we've ever had. The other diners didn't look too happy either. They would have been starving as well, if not for the bread, which they devoured like wild animals.
2	Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employeesJoined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.
1	$325 Valentines Day Disaster! This was supposed to be a special occasion, not just Valentines, but my wife's 50th birthday, a total disaster. 20 min to get waited on, 15 more minutes to get drinks, 1 1/2 hrs to get appetizer and over 2 more hrs to get the rest of the meal which was only 4 courses total. And we took our deserts to go or we might have been there 3 1/2 hrs. When we complained to the Manager Dan, he blamed the kitchen. He came over later, made small talk and offered us a free app next time we come in. Wow! How generous. How about tonight we asked and he said he couldn't do anything. What an insult. We have been coming here for 9 yrs and this is how we're treated? They even ignored my wife's b'day. Incompetent management, clueless owner.I tried to post this review on Open Table but they refused to post it because it supposedly didn't meet their guidelines. Open Table gets paid by these restaurants so beware of all the positive reviews you read there. They don't seem to censor the positive reviews.
5	Amazing.  Food was exceptional, the service fantastic, atmosphere just right.  A great place to take a date, where you can relax at one of the many tables indoors or enjoy the night sky out on the patio.  I had the dish with wild boar (I can't remember the name of it in Italian) it was superb!  The menu was very extensive and had everything, ranging from mussels to grass fed beef and even vegetarian options.  Our waitress also told us that the chefs try to buy locally as much as possible, which is a huge plus for me.  The restaurant is very expensive so make sure you go with an open mind and an open wallet.
5	We got married at Sassi in November 2012 and it was the best experience!  The staff was very helpful and knew exactly what they were doing.  The setting of this restauant/event center is as beautiful as it gets....overlooking the entire city and set in the perfect desert landscape snuggled up to Pinnacle Peak.  This is the best setting for a romantic night or entertaining friends/family.  - - And the food is absolutely to die for!  We still get complements on the wedding dinner!  Thanks Sassi!!!
2	Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employeesJoined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.We dined at Sassi again last night.  Food again was just OK.  The bartender said she didn't know anything about wines as she doesn't drink.  That is OK but she should be wine aware.  The management staffDid not eat at the bar but in the lounge with other patrons again and one of them spent the rest of the night texting etc. at the bar with us. After my last yelp the management wrote me that the staff dining, sitting with customers was not acceptable.  They apparently did not get the message.  If the food was better we would probably ignore the management's  lack of control over their staff.  5/19/13PS: also out of draft beer again tonight.
5	5/22/13Placed my reservation through OpenTable a few days beforehand.  I arrived around 45 minutes earlier than my other table mates, so I used some of the time to check with the kitchen to see if the selections I'd wanted to try off of the RW menu would be allergen-free (for me).  It seemed like I would have some trouble with the dessert menu (I'd wanted the cannoli, but that was ruled out), but after conferring with the kitchen, the hostess said that the gelati and sorbetti were safe.  This initially anticlimactic for me, but boy, was I in for a surprise!  As I was making my way through the courtyard (boy, this property was HUGE) looking for the source of people conversing and laughing, I decided I'd let my friends know I was waiting for them, but they snuck up on me and was at my side before I finished clicking "send."  Turns out the large group of people ahead of us was part of a wedding reception, so we quickly tried to find our way to the host's stand somewhere inside the cavernous restaurant.  My friends asked me if this was a resort, and I told them that I only knew it to be a restaurant.  (On our way to our table, I posed the question to the host, to which he replied that Sassi was only a restaurant, albeit one that also held many banquets.)  We were the first ones seated at one of the rooms that had patio dining overlooking gorgeous views, including Pinnacle Peak.  We each were handed wine and dinner menus, but only one RW menu, so I asked for another.  Since I knew I was going to order the panna cotta app and the tagliatelle as my main, I decided to go with a glass of Arneis ($13).  My two friends ordered glasses of Barbaresco ($17 each).  I enjoyed my glass of white-- vanilla-scented, not too dry, and I loved the apricot and pear notes.  (I need to locate a bottle, or two, to have some at home.)  This glass held well through the app and main, as well as dessert, but I'm getting ahead of myself...  My table mates decided they'd try the other apps and entrees featured on the RW menu, so that we may all get to sample everyone's plates.The Parmigiano and roasted garlic panna cotta app was lovely! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=5gIYqKU2DqAaD7cihhacxQ#5gIYqKU2DqAaD7cihhacxQ  I've had panna cotta before, so I'd expected something much lighter, more gelatinous; This was akin to a cheese spread- dense, creamy, yet slightly crumbly.  While I loved the garlicky crostino, I found it heavily dressed.  A lighter hand with the parmigiano would've sufficed.  Still, I enjoyed the app immensely!  The house made tagliatelle, with artichoke pesto and fava beans, dusted with pecorino cheese, was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever tasted! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=rim0X5ASqEnkKycpVFFLyQ#rim0X5ASqEnkKycpVFFLyQ  Exquisite in its presentation, temperature wasn't too hot, buttery, and yes, rich, but not too much so that I couldn't finish it.  In fact, I exercised restraint, only so that I could also enjoy the chocolate and vanilla gelati and apricot sorbetto for dessert (choice of three scoops). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=ndq8cYqhNck6u0vPP3I10Q#ndq8cYqhNck6u0vPP3I10Q  My fave was the apricot-- tasted so fresh and crisp; AMAZING apricot flavor!  The gelati felt too heavy in comparison, and quite frankly, a tad boring.  My three scoops of dessert at my next visit to Sassi will definitely be all sorbetti!These are what my friends ordered:Sicilian Eggplant Cakes- currants, pine nuts, tomato sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=aGQ1AwONWhUfk_jYf2EMPA#aGQ1AwONWhUfk_jYf2EMPA Wood grilled gamberoni- shrimp, cannellini bean, salsa verde http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=677LodS4kNmQGhKKzfS6zQ#677LodS4kNmQGhKKzfS6zQ Cannoli http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=M-JKlnyXUcE07PUbMw3BNg#M-JKlnyXUcE07PUbMw3BNgFarro salad- goat cheese, mint, red onion, cucumber, pistachio, and red wine vinaigrette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=5SnOMLIBQhSq1oWkAKxZVQ#5SnOMLIBQhSq1oWkAKxZVQ  (Tried this, in spite of pistachio allergy and liked it a lot!  Would've had more, but I spotted cukes in there, too.)Beef short rib- red wine-braised, porcini, citrus herb gremolata http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=4R8m8Iti3apMfmDsG73Icg#4R8m8Iti3apMfmDsG73Icg Semifreddo, with fresh berries and balsamic vinegar http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=fI2Sl74-spyxAnG27V2Wnw#fI2Sl74-spyxAnG27V2Wnw  (Tried the semifreddo only and found it creamy, yet muted in flavor.  The chill factor was also not very pronounced.  I really preferred my dessert!)If you decide to go, you MUST get the Wood grilled octopus!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassi-scottsdale-3?select=xbSzBL18HlU4r6nwDrKx4Q#xbSzBL18HlU4r6nwDrKx4Q  It's the best octopus preparation I've ever experienced!I'll be back!
5	My boyfriend took me here the other night for dinner and we'll definitely be back.  Not only was the food amazing, our waiter was wonderful. He paid attention to small details and even conversed with my boyfriend in Italian making it feel more like home. Next, time I hope we can sit on the patio at sunset to enjoy the view.
5	Between Sassi and very few other restaurants in AZ that I won't plug now, the bar is set so high.  Sassi is class, food, and ambiance at its highest.  The location itself, set as an Italian Farm House in Pinnacle Peak is just priceless and beautiful.  The food....I strongly just doing a tasting course (cheaper in the summer)...is just phenomenal.  I would go here time and time again it finances allowed.  Sassi is an incredible treasure.
5	What a wonderful experience. From the food, to the wine, to the service, everything was perfect. I can't recommend Sassi highly enough, especially for special occasions. The summer three course menu is a phenomenal value and the wine list contains some of the best wines I know.
1	Great food - problem with check handled poorly by manager - very poor customer service' - seemed indifferent to whether our group was satisfied. Generally a bad experience.
3	I went here for a wedding a few months ago and the food was some of the best "wedding food" I've ever had.  The staff was excellent and grounds beautiful so when my anniversary rolled around I knew where I wanted to go.  I made my reservations well in advance and without a hitch.  They called a day or so prior just to confirm which was nice.  My wife and I arrived about 30 mins prior to our reservation to grab a cocktail at the bar.  The bar (and the entire place in general) is very nice and comfortable.  The drinks were good but a bit pricey which was to be expected.  The bar service was very good.  For some reason our server asked if we had reservations for dinner.  I thought she was asking because they were going to transfer our bar tab to our dinner tab to make it a smooth transition.  This was not the case because we were handed a check when we finished our drinks.  It is still a mystery why she asked for the name our reservation was under.After our drinks we were directed to our table.  We were given a not-so-good table against the wall in a crowded dining room.  It was not ideal but I didn't complain.  We waited there about 10 minutes without bread, water, or acknowledgement by a waiter.  When our waiter finally did arrive we could tell that he was clearly frazzled.  This poor guy had far too many tables to take care of and was like cartoon Speedy Gonzales on cocaine.  The guy would have been awesome if he could have calmed down, but it didn't happen.  I felt like I was in a timeshare presentation.  Before I knew it I was being sold something and didn't really have time to process what was happening.  Luckily there aren't and bad menu selections so I knew whatever I chose would be excellent so I wasn't too worried.  I just wish we could have been more relaxed.
4	Beautiful restaurant with an exceptional menu.  Great summer specials.  A little hot inside.  The temperature is set for Phoenicians who are acclimated to the heat.
4	Very nice restaurant! The decor was very comfortable. Staff was awesome. They did a great job and you never knew they were there. Octopus and Caprese to start. Both out of this world. I had orechetti that was fabulous. Wife tried ricotta gnocchi. I loved it and she liked it but found it a little rich. Cannoli's awesome as well. I would have went 5 stars if not for one thing.Hostess takes us to our table and we walk directly outside and not asked if it was ok or not. I went with it because it was a nice patio area and it didn't feel too hot. By the end of our meal I was hotter than s&/t and watched other people around us fight off bugs the size of black birds. I will never sit outside again! If I would have spoke up and asked to stay inside we would have had a perfect evening.
5	Love! Love!  Love!As we were driving ti this restaurant from Tempe, I had No Idea where we were. It was dark, random roads up in pinnacle peak and wondering where in the world is my husband taking us for our anniversary. Once we got there, i loved the feel of the restaurant. Felt so romantic with a lights of the phoenix city lights. We were seated with a fabulous server who explained the menu items perfectly! We had the signature octopus that was delicately grilled and so tender. Then the ricotta gnocchi that just melted in my mouth. I then had the yellowfin tuna with had some Heat! Yowzer! My husband had the scallops that were cooked perfectly. The dessert was awesome too! Pear brown cake was SO GOOD!!!! I wish I could go back right now. Definitely recommend even with the long drive.
5	@quinterogolf Sassi has the most wonderful patio dining.  Enjoy this awesome weather!  Be sure to have the caprese salad.  The mozzarella is the best in town!
2	Not Impressed!  Told they were out of draft beer, then it was available.Food just OK for the price.  Side order arrived after our dinners were finished!  We ate at the bar and thought it was tacky that the employeesJoined us at the bar for their staff dinners.  For a high end restaurant , the staff should not dine with the customers.  Came again in Nov 13. The veal chop was excellent except the rub on it made it almost inedible.  Get a chef who can do real. High end Italian food.  A 38 $ veal chop should not be over powered  by a nasty crust.By the way, the staff ate in the bar room again tonight.  Tacky again!
4	I think the building architecture itself is breathtaking. It's a great quite and beautiful place. I go with my family and we love ordering the octopus. The dishes are wonderful and the staff is very friendly. It's very spacious and has a great dinner menu to offer.
4	It is always re-assuring to have consistent service, wine choices, and especially food at this restaurant.  We only take good friends there to share the experience.  From the greeting at the door to the service from the valet, everything was most enjoyable. Our guests were impressed as well.  The black sea bass was perfectly seasoned and prepared.  Keep it folks.
4	Very romantic, quiet locale for a nice date night.  Great service and tasty food
3	Really nice atmosphere. Mostly good food. Eh on the service. Caprese and scallops vet excellent. Carbonara was good. Mussels, not so much. Don't clear the table I'd someone at it is still eating. And someone needs to tell them lemoncello shouldn't double as paint thinner. I can check it off the list as having been.
5	Great Ambiance!  We started off with the Prosciutto di Parma which was great.  We had the Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Orecchiette and they were delicious. For dessert I enjoyed the Gianduja Mousse.  OH MY NUTELLA!  Which was a hazelnut and milk chocolate mousse, nutella gelato.  It was to a memorable experience all together.  I can see why folks have their corporate events and wedding receptions here.  It is a beautiful facility.  The staff and Manager is super friendly and checked in on us which was nice.  I look forward to going back.
5	My wife and I celebrated our 10th anniversary here and everything was perfect.  I had flowers delivered prior and they were all set up.  The staff was highly attentive and have us 1st class treatment. The atmosphere was perfectly romantic and we had a great time.  The sausage orecchiette was amazing.  Only wish they had a broader beer selection as I don't drink wine.
5	I recently attended a wedding at Sassi. The venue was beautiful and the food was excellent. I would recommend this venue to anyone looking to get married in the Scottsdale area.
5	This was my absolute first time at Sassi. What an experience!  From the moment I walked in I was greeted very pleasantly by the hostess and three staff members. Staff were extremely knowledgeable of the wines as well as the menu items.  After my arrival, the place filled quickly; ranging from couples to eight member parties. Noise was at a minimal.I began my dining experience by having a glass of Merlot as I admired  the artwork, lighting, furniture, etc. and soaked up my surroundings. I noticed that every occupied table had a bottle of wine on it... except mine.I was please with the entire experience. I recommend Sassi for special occasions or for those that missing true authentic Italian food.
5	This pace is beautiful and even though my mom's dish was not exactly right (they fixed it quickly) I'm giving it 5 stars. We ended up here because the restaurant we were going to go to was fully committed. We sat in the bar area and Happy hour made me VERY happy. A bottle of Prosecco and 3 bruschetta for $29. Let me recommend the Peach and sweet and spicy pepper, and the chef was good enough to share his recipe for how he made the peppers. We both had pasta and it was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of sauce. The bar tender / waiter was perfect and the other patrons were friendly and engaging as well. I'll be back in September with my girlfriend for sure!
5	Fabulous dining adjacent to the four seasons at Troon. Terrific, affordable wine lost and sch a stunning ambience from a truly beautiful location. We were just sad we discovered this on our last night! As visiting Italians, we were most impressed.
5	This is one of the most romantic, and comfortable restaurants we have been to in the Scottsdale area. The service and food, along with the presentation, was wonderful. If you want to have an exceptional evening, Sassi is the place!Roger McCartney
5	I took my father and wife here to cap off a wonderful day. The place is breathtaking and resembles an Italian villa. You truly feel as if you're in a magnificent mansion and not a restaurant. Take some time to walk around and explore the grounds and soak it all in. The service was impeccable and everything you would expect. The food was equally decadent and expertly crafted. The prices reflect this of course, but I MUST mention that unlike many upscale restaurants, the courses here are actually generous and not just nibble-sized. I would recommend sharing them, which makes it not quite as cost-prohibitive if you're concerned about that. I love food but there's no way I could make it through 4 courses here by myself. Perhaps Don Corleone could, but not me. This is one of those magical places where you can just have an exquisite meal and feel like royalty while talking in hushed tones with the love of your life, soaking in the splendor of it all and getting lost in the grandeur. Don't miss out.
1	We went to a wedding open house @ Sassi and we were both very impressed..and quite frankly sold that this is where we wanted to have our wedding.  I met the wedding planner, Bernadette and her assistant and they said they would give me an estimate within the next couple of days.  They did send me an initial estimate in a timely manner HOWEVER it was for the wrong time of year and for the wrong amount of people.  I emailed her back that night thanking her for the estimate but to please send a revised estimate for the correct date and amount of people.  Fast forward to a week later, I get a one line response from Bernadette's ipone stating "the price would be the same"..ok maybe for the different date, but I highly doubt the price would be the same for 25 additional people.  So I again, asked her for a revised estimate for 25 additional people...two weeks later...still no response.  I've now shifted gears and am working with a wedding planner in Paris..who responds to my emails either that day or the next day.  I'm baffled that someone from across the world delivers better customer service then a place a couple miles away.  Considering this is a tens of thousands of dollar purchase.. I guess Sassi doesn't want our business. :-/
3	Atmosphere is a 5.  Second time here appetizers are amazing.   Last time we sat in the library this time our table wasn't ready so we went to the garden..  Our server was gone most of the evening she was overwhelmed with how many tables she was given.   The food.   It's ok really average not worth the hype . When someone orders a dish and eats one out of 5 you should realize they were not happy she didn't care...   Maybe just an off might but just was not impressed at all this time.
2	Stopped by on Thur evening at the bar. Dead...except for Mexico vs. Nederland's soccer on TV. The place is beautiful, but the energy is not there. Plus mgmt has to correct the sewer smell as u enter the court yard.
5	Yes I will go again and I will take company there!!   Wonderful experience all around!
5	Sassi's is a fantastic place for a special occasions.  Of course, if you have a big enough food budget you could go for fun all the time!  The ambiance is top-notch, and the building itself is beautiful.  I would sit outside near sunset in nice weather if possible.  Gorgeous views.The food, wine, and service is also top-notch.  I've eaten here several times and each time the food blew us away, and the waitstaff is very knowledgable and enjoyable to talk to.  All the plates just seem to be perfect.  Whether we had the small plate of nuts for an appetizer, or a beef or fish main course, or the desert, it all was presented beautifully and was delicious.  This is probably the best restaurant overall that I've been to, and I've been to a lot!
5	This is our new favorite restaurant. Beautifully landscaped and wonderfully cozy interiors. It's like an Italian villa with intimate dining rooms and a few gorgeous private rooms. Amazing wine list with barbera by the glass and that is rare. We shared a couple appetizers. Fried mushrooms - I know sounds like bar food but trust me. They were amazing with this aioli type dipping sauce. Do not leave without the grilled octopus in your belly. Husband loves to cook and he said the tuna special was the best tuna he's had at a restaurant. I had the scallops and they were perfectly cooked with this spicy romesco sauce. Too full for dessert (and nothing sounded like I couldn't live without it). I can't wait to go back for the caprese - mozzarella flown in from Italy and the gnocchi!!!
