5	Been going to Eastover OB/GYN for a long time.  They are on time with their appointments and get you in and out quickly.  Dr. Frank Harrison (no longer with Eastover) and Dr. Jack Lucas are my main men!  LOVE THEM!  They delivered two perfect babies for me....
5	I am SO pleased with this office! Clearly, as a woman, we hate to go to these types of visits, but with a doctor like Dr. Jerry Matkins, it makes it much easier.I've been seeing Dr. Matkins for 3 years now...The front office staff & the appointment scheduler are efficient & friendly.  Dr. Matkins & his nurse are as nice as they can be & understanding.I love that each yearly visit, I get in the office & there's no wait, no long, awkward waiting in the room & the verbal consult at the end is quick.When the time comes for a baby, I am truly happy knowing I'm in the care of Dr. Matkins.
5	If you're looking for a great doctor with the bedside manner of a angel on earth....Dr. Nicholson is your guy.  He is so compassionate and caring towards his patients.....he takes his time answering questions and you never feel rushed......he has to be one of the best in the Charlotte area.  In addition to that, this office has a great staff that is always very professional and very thorough.  I have other doctors that have me waiting 30 to 45 minutes after my appointment time but Eastover does not play that, no waiting games here, ever.  The medical center is attached to CMC Main and is very clean and spacious.
5	I absolutely love Eastover Obgyn. I have seen Dr. Matkins for the past two years, and I am always impressed with the level of care I receive every time I visit his office. I usually have fantastic luck with doctors, and even out of all the fantastic physicians I've seen, Dr. Matkins stands out above all others. He is truly the best!
5	Very pleased. First doctor I've tried out in Charlotte and have no complaints. Very understanding and explain things well. Went to Dr. Lucas and had a good experience, have also heard good things about Dr. Matkins from a friend. Everyone very friendly and helpful.
4	I am a new patient of Eastover and Dr. Matkins, as I recently found out I was pregnant.  It's been a pleasant experience.  I really like Dr. Matkins and his bedside manner--very warm, patient, and kind.  The office staff is friendly, sometimes a bit rushed, but I understand as it gets busy at times.  Overall, a good OB office and I look forward to meeting some of the other staff as times goes on.
5	I recently switched to Eastover OB from another practice and absolutely love them! Dr Bruce Taylor could not be anymore professional and uplifting. Me and my husband have been trying to conceive for about a year, and after looking at my previous file he set a plan of action and I am now pregnant. It is so nice to be listened to and taken seriously by a Dr.  He also did the quickest and least painful pap I have ever had.  Not only his he an exceptional Dr, but his bedside manner is spectacular.
1	Office staff was unorganized (scheduled me with the right doctor but at the wrong location causing me to show up at the wrong location and having to be worked in with a male doctor-not my preference). Follow up calls to speak with a nurse took longer than promised for a phone call back only to be told I needed to come back into the office (totally could have been avoided if she would have just listened to me). Ended up going to another doctor. Will not go back to Eastover. Very disappointed.
