4	The Mesquite Grill is located in an unassuming business park just west of the railroad tracks that run south from Mesa.    In my experience, dining establishments like these are usually delis catering to the 9-5 crowd, and typically only open weekdays for breakfast and lunch.What caught my eye about the Mesquite Grill was the fact that it was open on a Saturday, and there were several cars parked out front, which meant customers!  I decided this warranted further investigation.Stepping into the place, it was immediately apparent that this is a working class, down-home, regulars type of place.  A little country, a little worn and dated, but in a comfortable way that made me feel at home.After being greeted warmly by the waitress (who I later found out was also the owner), I was handed a menu and seated myself.  Breakfast is served all day, but I was there for lunch, so  after scanning the lunch menu options I settled on the "Newport".  The Newport is a grilled turkey and swiss with diced mushrooms, onions and green peppers on a hoagie roll.Choices of sides include fries, patato salad, and cole slaw.  Both the potato salad and cole slaw are made fresh onsite, so I opted for the slaw. The prices are very affordable -- most lunch entries were between $5-7.The sandwich was pretty tasty, and the cole slaw delivered. Portion size was just right for someone hungry for lunch.  This place is the essence of the locally owned hole-in-the-wall, and the staff really makes you feel welcome.  The vibe reminds me of the Chicken Pie Shop in San Diego.  I'll definitely be back to try breakfast.
1	went to try this place based on one review on yelp  the waitress was rough around the edges in her waitress/hostess roll the place smelled like one of those old town restaurants that people probley smoked in for years combined with greese that may not get changed as much as it should. as the waitress cleared tables there was alot of crashing of dishes in the dirty dish bin. I must say i sliped out before ordering food may be good if lucky ........
1	Was looking for a place to eat lunch, didnt want fast food...but.. yeah McDonald's would have probably tasted better. Walked in and noticed the outdated decor...and the smell. Decided to give it a try anyways. Ordered the chili burger. As soon as they delivered I was like ugh. I took one bite and it was the worst chili i had ever had! Never going back...
2	Most definitely a hole-in-the-wall neighborhood bar. Decor is very much dated, but the bartender, Debbie, is super nice and tends to her customers' every need. Food is ok, but not the best. Owner is rough around the edges, but extremely funny and carries a take shyte from no one attitude, but in a good way. Not my favorite place, but ok if you like dive bars.
4	This location has 2 businesses. A bar and a grill. I never entered the bar. I only eat at the grill for breakfast. I love the food though. This is a great, greasy spoon when you don't care about exotic "gourmet" concoctions an upscale location or an eye catching electronic sign. This place serves your standard menu items. Quality food,  reasonable prices and low overhead. Just the way I like it! The other reviewers commented on the owner and her abrasive nature. I agree she is abrasive but only at first glance. She is funny and sweet if you give her a chance.
5	This place is unique. Family owned and operated the owners care about their customers, the food, and the cleanliness. The evidence is on the wall --- high marks from the food inspectors and high praise by the Food editors from the local papers. We have eaten there more than 100 times and never had a disappointment in food, service or ambience. Reminds me of "I was country before country was cool."
3	I had the Taco Salad for lunch.  It was spicy which made up for any shortcuts from a short order kitchen.  Very friendly folks.  I bet they are a perfect place for breakfast a simple country breakfast.  Prices are really cheap!  Cheaper than fast food!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACEGREAT FOODAMAZING PRICES The place is a little run down but it's a great hole in the wall with lots a character.
5	Great country food.  Very good Bloody Mary.  I always Oder the monster
3	It's sunday and I'm killin time before my sons basketball game, had intentions of goin to wildernest bar, but this was closer. This place not at from Inspire courts. They do serve breakfast all day which, in my opinion is awesome. I didn't order food but checked out the menu. Prices seem fare. Typical dive bar. Friendly service (1bartender), dark, musky smell, 1 pool table, all TV's tunes into nascar. It did the job for me. One beer and in and out i time for my boys game. Thank you for being convenient and quick. Next time I'm in the area Need a beer to kill time before a game I'll come here.
1	Food is pretty good cheap (on the menu)the waitress is the owner and she will trip you off add charge you way too Much for stuff and then go crazy on you off if you mention it or tell her that your food is wrong. She is very rude and sassy. .. NEVER GOING BACK which is sad because it is a cute little dive
5	Great diner type food served fast. Bar on one side quaint diner on the other. Good food, fair pricing. One of my all time favorites.
5	Love this place. The owner is a sweetheart.Yes, the decor is a little dated, but the prices are fantastic. Service is quick, the staff friendly and the food tastes great. Why anyone would give this place a bad rating is beyond me. This is one of those little restaurants you just love to find.
5	This place is a great neighborhood bar the owners are awesome and the Breakfast is home cooked and delicious. The Bloody Mary's are huge and the are made from the owners own recipe oh and they are spicy and Delicious also . We are coming back here from now on. 5 stars all day! Try it!
5	I Love this place...its comfort food with a crazy price and service that would keep you coming back. The bar does a hugh amazing bloody mary (Best in town) and the kitchen keeps it simple but perfect.
