5	Excellent list of composed entrees; Muscovy duck served with cabbage, polenta cake, and fig sauce. Free range Bison with creamed spinach, turnip mash potatoes, with chanterelle mushrooms and bone marrow truffle butter, and thats to only name 2. Excellent wine list, very extensive and great prices. Also some excellent french wines for good value.
3	I guess my expectations were on the high side, but Bernardin's didn't deliver......at least for lunch.  The restaurant itself is pretty cozy and sitting near the window allows for decent people watching:-)  The lump crab cake sandwich had two cakes but they were not seasoned well and not what I consider 'lump'.......definitely not the best in town.  I may return for dinner at some point, but I'll be in no hurry.
2	I went here for lunch and the only thing I was impressed with was the service.  The lunch menu was standard fare.  The cuisine types seemed to be a mix of American, Italian and Asian.  I chose a cobb salad, thinking it was a safe bet.  The presentation was nice, but the food quality was decidedly sub-par.  The grilled chicken tasted like it had been cooked in the morning (or possibly the night before?) and kept in a plastic bag.  The bacon had no flavor - it didn't even taste like bacon.  The olives were definitely canned, and there was turkey lunchmeat on the salad that tasted like the cheapest processed turkey you could get.  The greens and other vegetables were ok.  The bread was good, and the service really was great.Next time I'm going across the street to Halcyon; it's worlds better than Bernardin's and it's in the same price range.  But really, even Jason's Deli has better grilled chicken on their salads.
3	Heading to a restaurant during restaurant week is a double edged sword. As a guest, I typically have moderate expectations as I know the restaurants in question can be absolutely inundated with customers. And sometimes the participating restaurants shine. And sometimes they totally take a digger. A group of girlfriends and I decided to make a reservation at Bernarndin's for Queen's Feast so we were able to check out a variety of items on the menu, catch up, etc. The interior is still lovely and hasn't changed much since Ratcliffe on the Green - the few exceptions being that there's more "artwork" of sorts on the walls. We were seated fairly promptly and our server came and walked us through the menus. Now, I completely understand that everyone (servers included) can have a rough day. Or a rough night. Or even a rough few days. And I'm certain our server was having one of the above. Girlfriend didn't crack a smile the entire night. She didn't seem happy to be there or even remotely interested in serving us. A few of us tried to make her laugh and that didn't even work. On to the food and drinks...we all ordered a cocktail of sorts and when one was misdelivered to my buddy, and identified as such, the server replaced it with the correct drink and then took it away "to trash it." Um, why wouldn't you just offer the drink up to the table to enjoy rather than throwing away a perfectly fine cocktail? Odd. Food wise, I went off the restaurant week menu (because it was very different than what I saw online - which is fine, I know they have to make accommodations with ingredients) and ordered the scallops. I snacked a warm roll, drank my nicely made dirty martini and waited. The scallops came out in a very nice sized portion with loads of risotto and, unfortunately, plenty of oil. My scallops were cooked nicely on one side (seared to perfection on the top) and a little under cooked on the other side. The flavor was nice on those little discs. However, the risotto and pools of oil that had coagulated in the corners really turned me off. Said risotto was cooked nicely but it was completely overloaded with salt. And the puddles of oil ruined the fresh taste of the scallops. Sad. To be fair, I tasted my friend's filet and it was delightful. I had total meal envy. For dessert I sampled a bit of my girlfriend's peanut butter cheesecake with Oreo crust - nicely done, great flavor and texture. I ordered the strawberry shortcake which was very light and airy but lacked sweetness. My dessert was *fine* but I wouldn't order it again. When we received our bill, from grump-a-pot-a-pus, our gratuity was automatically added - to the tune of 20%. Automatically adding gratuity to a six top is all fine and well, a) let us know that you did so, in person and b) usually when I see an auto-gratuity it's in the 15-18% range. Now, if I received this type of service and sub par eats during any time but restaurant week it would be a stretch to rate Bernardin's a 2 star. But to be fair, the restaurant was packed, our server was in a crappy mood, so I'm hoping I just went on a very off night.
4	Snappy and elegant dining experience in a great setting with serious skills coming from the kitchen.  When it's time to impress, Bernardin's makes my short list.I dined here with a party of 4 on a busy Saturday night during Restaurant Week, and was a bit on edge having read some other trusted reviews.  Luckily, though, we were treated like rock stars all night.  The hostess staff was quick to acknowledge our reservation and offered us a seat at the bar while things were readied.  Only quibble here: I counted three hostesses, but they all seemed to answer (and move) to a manager who was keeping a very close tab on things.  Understandable during a busy weekend crunch, but when space is a premium (as it is here) I think less is more and I love it when a host/hostess has total command of the front of house.The restaurant space is divided a bit odd, with a small bar at the door and then a narrow dining area behind a wall that runs parallel to the entrance.  That said, the dining room is truly enchanting, with the stained glass windows that harken back to the old flower shop this space once held, and a large bay window looking out onto Tryon Street.The bar has a pretty full drink list and the wine list had numerous options by the glass, while the bottle offerings were extensive.  Great to see a curated wine list that belies the actual size of the dining room.  Prices were typical for a finer restaurant, though most all price points were covered.Our server was definitely on his A game and kept it there all night.  Wine came to the table immediately and glasses were filled without delay.  Our first course came out in under 3 minutes of ordering and the rest of the meal was appropriately paced.  Now given the fixed menu at Restaurant Week, this is not totally unexpected, but it was good to see that the kitchen and service staff were coming with their 'A game.'  That said, we were never rushed and never felt like anyone was standing over us.Food was great.  I had a tuna tartar that was just a couple bites, but very well done and seasoned just right.  Salmon for an entree was really great, though I was not asked how I liked it cooked.  Since I like my salmon a little more to the done side of things, this was not an issue, but asking never hurts when a majority of folks like their salmon medium.  Polenta cake side and accompanying sauce was also well done.  My other party guests apparently enjoyed their entrees as well- lamb shank, and sirloins- as no one offered to share a bit!  Dessert, though, was a stand-out.  Chef's cheesecake was a white chocolate with carmelized banana crust.  Utter goodness.  We also had the fresh berry sorbet and it included a generous portion size.  I know the desserts can be an after-thought, especially during Restaurant Week, but these were show stoppers in their own right.My party of 4 left duly impressed on all fronts.  While there were some substitutions from the published menu put online, I dare say there were no downgrades.  This was upper end dining done right.  Great place to impress clients, family or mark a special occassion.
4	What a pleasent surprise. Decided to check it out while on business in Charlotte despite the fact that it's new and not many locals knew of it. The bison steak was phenomenal. Great service and excellent wine list.
5	Went here for LUNCH with work mates, and man, it really doesn't get much better than this....at least for LUNCH. I had the scallops drizzled with a lemon butter sauce, with whipped potatoes and veggies. There were 6 scallops, which is a lot more than I expected (especially at "fancy" places)....and they were cooked perfectly. The potatoes were divine, and that sauce was awesome.My workmates had 2 soups...one a New England clam chowder and the other the special soup de jour of Cream of Asparagus. Both were incredible! Crab cakes, Ahi tuna salad and curry shrimp were the other dishes had. Everyone really loved the food.The service was excellent and NOT annoying as can be at these types of places. And the atmosphere was quite nice. I can see it being quite romantic for dinner service.All in all, this is an excellent place. We'll be coming back for dinner before we see La Cage Aux Folles in a couple of weeks.
5	Updated 6/2/12 for DinnerWent BACK here for dinner since we had such a great lunch here, and all we have to say is WOW SQUARRED! Just as good if not BETTER than lunch. We started off with their SEARED Fois Gras. Now if you've ever had REAL fois gras, you know just how succulent and savory it is. Yes it's quite expensive as it takes a LOT of work to get the duck livers that fatty (don't even bring up the animal cruelty thing.....). But hey, you only live once, and it's worth the splurge! Well suffice it to say it was AWESOME! Literally MELT-IN-YOUR-MOUTH goodness. It just doesn't get much better than this. I had to try their traditional fare, so I went with their bone-in ribeye, and picked the TRUFFLED Mac and Cheese! Truffle on anything is awesome....but on high quality (i.e., Adult) Mac & Cheese, it's even better! Steak was done perfectly, and I chose their Duck-Fat Bernaise sauce to accompany my steak. WOW! So yummy! Implied in the above description is the fact that when you order "Grill" items, you get to pick a side and sauce to your liking......Very cool!My wife has a weakness for RARE Ahi Tuna....so she got that with a very delicious wasabe cream sauce. Very fresh and yummy as well.They do have a very nice wine list, but, in line for Uptown, it is a little pricey. So we each ordered our own glass of wine to match our selected dish. White for her and red for me. They have a Justin Cab from Paso Robles, one of my very favorite wine regions, so it was perfect for my hardy ribeye.Dessert we ordered the chocolate torte! And yes it was RICH and sweet. So we had to get a glass of my fave dessert wine: Pedro Ximenez Sherry (or PX for short). If you've never had a PX before, I swear it is LIQUID RAISINS in a glass. Only thing sweet enough to accompany such a rich and sweet dessert.Our waiter, Jimmy, was fantastic as well. Obviously a VERY knowledgeable foodie like us, and his recommendations were spot on.After trying many of the Uptown Restaurants, this one is at or very near the TOP. And their prices are quite reasonable given the quality and area the restaurant is in.
4	I managed to go to several restaurants during restaurant week and this one was by far my favorite. Make reservations in advance if it's restaurant week. The staff at the Bernardin were very accommodating, flexible and friendly.  I ordered the Baked Oyster Rockefeller, Certified Angus Beef (CAB) Filet with soy butter glaze, fingerling potato, shiitake, Parmesan veal cream jus, and a Classic Creme Brulee for dessert. The appetizer was just okay. It sort of had a fishy taste to it. The filet was delicious! I got mine medium rare and it had a great crust on the outside. I really liked the addition of shiitake as it created a dish rather than just a piece of steak on a plate. Finally the creme brulee was a great and simple way to finish the meal.  I have to admit that I was initially deceived into thinking that this was somehow related to Le Bernardin (Eric Ripert) but that whole foodie dispute shouldn't prevent you from just enjoying some good eats.
3	Went here for lunch and enjoyed it for the most part - got the tuna carpaccio app and the salad it was served over was overdressed (soggy) and when I think of carpaccio, I think of raw and thinly sliced and it was more like a regular seared tuna dish.  Still tasted good minus the soggy salad.  My salad which had blackened tuna was very good and my husband got a sandwich which was incredible - he got the grilled ahi tuna with fried eggplant, wasabi aioli, caramelized onion - highly recommend.  I think I just ordered wrong - too much tuna.  Should have tried the scallops but husband looked like he was going to yack when I said I was going to order scallops for lunch.Service was fine.  I enjoyed the restaurant atmosphere - parts of it looked old and had character (which I love)...and parts of it didn't....actually that was kind of confusing, but overall a good experience and will try again.
5	We were fortunate enough to have our wedding rehearsal dinner at Bernardin's. Our experience was first class and positive throughout the entire planning process and the evening of our rehearsal. Jimmy and the entire staff at Bernardin's went out of their way to create a memorable evening for us and they succeeded. In my opinion, Bernardin's is one of the best venues in uptown Charlotte to handle private parties or events for around 50 people (we had 55 people). The space is beautiful, intimate and you won't be disappointed. Food:Now for those of you who don't care about the restaurant being a great venue for private parties I will get on to the food. It was delicious. Personal favorites were the crab cake & tuna appetizers and the pan roasted scallop entree. Calamari is also great.  All in all - excellent food, wonderful service and a beautiful venue.
3	We were a party of 5 and they sat us in the "big booth" on the street side. We were comfortable and being on the street we were able to people watch. The food was unfortunately a disappointment. I had the wedge salad which was fine (hard to mess up). My grouper was OK but I certainly have had better. Two of the group had the scallops which were good by their estimation. I can't remember what one of our guests had but one had the kangaroo (really). He ordered it based on the waiter's recommendation. He had said it was fork tender.It wasn't. In fact when he brought a BIG steak knife. Chewy, stringy, it just was not something that was worth the hype. Desert was the high lite with the flan.Our waiter was fine but his focus was on clearing the table between courses. In fact after being stopped once, the second time he actually took a plate before the diner was done. Before we knew it it was gone.Next time we will try somewhere else.
5	Service and food were excellent.  I would eat there every night if the bank account would allow!
5	Who doesn't love Bernardin's?  I go here for lunch all the time solo.  The price is right: $10-17 for lunch.  Yes, I like fine dining and they give it to me.  It can be a challenge to get white napkin/tablecloth serve during lunch without breaking the bank but they pull it off.  And who doesn't love warm rolls with butter?  I do!!  You can spend this same amount at a sandwich or fast food shop.  I prefer this option and they have great menu options.  I even dined here for dinner one even and the lamb shank special with risotto was divine.  The meat was so tender it fell off the bone.  I also like the option to be able to request the booth in the window..which allow you to get a street view.  This is a great date restaurant as well as quant for friends and family.
4	I went to this place not knowing what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Food was good the wait staff was great and the drinks were incredible.  I think it may be a bit overpriced all things considered, but even still the experience is quite nice.  Big Plus:  they have rare food i.e. kangaroo steak!
3	Went to Bernardin's (which I call Bernadine's) with a food group on our first outing. We had a long table that was facing that wonderful red booth in the window facing the street. It's very nice on the inside, romantic and quiet. I don't know about French, but nice. I started my evening with the strawberry lemonade martini. I think they forgot the alcohol. For dinner, I had the Curry Grouper that came with jasmine rice and a mint chutney. I've never had curry that had absolutely no flavor, not even salt. To add insult to injury, the jasmine rice was extremely mushy. Just wasn't doing it for me but one of my dinner guests had the same meal and enjoyed it. The scallop and pork belly app was fantastic, my favorite of the night. We all ordered dessert, so we sampled everything. I had the creme brulee...it was okay. The chocolate tart(?) was extremely dense and rich. The strawberry shortcake was cute and tasty. Over all we had fun and good food. Not in a rush to get back.
3	In a word, it was fine.I ventured into Bernadin's while on a business trip. it was a toss-up between this place and that trendy new place in the Westin whose name escapes me. The menu is tempting enough, and it's right in the thick of the uptown (that's downtown to you and me) area.It was understandably slow as I was there for dinner on the Monday after Easter.  The decor is interesting.  I can't figure out what they're going for: casually elegant? Eclectic Mediterranean?  It's a mystery.The server was prompt and attentive, so no issues there. Now, onto the food:I had the Tuna Tuna appetizer, which was tuna served two ways.  One was a tartare that was out of this world.  Really delicious and *very* spicy.  Be ready for that - my eyes were watering.  The other preparation was typical seared tuna, and it was just so-so. I don't think the tuna was particularly high quality which is easier to hide in a tartare than a sear.  If I could have traded in my seared tuna for another helping of the tartare, I would have!     For my entree, I ordered a CAB filet (medium rare) and a side of wilted spinach.   Both were absolutely fine, although the steak didn't wow me.  I needed to add salt  (and there wasn't any on the table - weird).  I ate it all and had no complaints.  Truly a perfectly serviceable steak, but for the price, I was hoping to be wowwed.Since I was on the company tab, I thought I may as well try dessert. :)  This was another highlight.  I can't remember the exact name of the dish, but it was an apple pie type of thing, and it was delicious.  I should have skipped the entree and ordered two desserts!  I worry that this place doesn't have enough punch to compete in an increasingly crowded uptown dining scene, but I would definitely give it another shot after I've tried out the other places.  The place is fairly new from what I can gather, so it can still cash in on that mystique.
4	While walking around UpTown on my lunch break I wanted something different so I walked and walked and as I walked I saw people sitting in a window of a restaurant which was interesting so I approached only to find a chalkboard type sign on the sidewalk that read "Today's Special, Pistachio crusted snow fish with roasted sweet potatoes  & snap peas" I was immediately aroused as I am a Pescatarian and it's hard to find Good Seafood. The restaurant is more formal than the other restaurants that people busy during lunch, however I understand because it is UpTown (I'm from a REAL Big city = Chicago) and when you are in that type of area everyone works at the local businesses so they dress in business attire.My wait to be seated was little to none, the hostess was friendly and sat me comfortably at a corner table for two. My server was very enthusiastic and friendly and immediatly offered me water (which I ordered a Voss Still water), he was also understanding of my desire for a black napkin as opose to the white napkins on the table (lenthy for business clothes) and returned with the water and napkin promptly. He told me about the soup of the day and the special and I immediately asked for the special which he was excited about and told me that I'd made an excellent choice.The  Pistachio crusted snow fish with roasted sweet potatoes & snap peas came out and was displayed amazing. It almost looked to good to eat, however I begin ti dig in and my initial thought was that it was too much and I wouldn't finish it (leftovers for lunch tomorrow) however it was sooooooooo GOOD that I finished ;-)I've been back again and the special was herb crusted talapia over white bean mousse with grilled veggies which I had with a side of Voss. It was AMAZING!!I highly recommend this place for lunch, I can't wait to take my husband for dinner and experience the dinner menu and specials. Maybe I'll order from the menu at that time as I only order the specials because the item is fresh in that day.
3	Service was impeccable. Ambiance was great as well. Menu is very expansive and can please most pallets. Portion size is larger than most would expect from a fine dining restaurant and presentation was nice as well (nothing elaborate though.  I would say that this is a place I would probably not go back to because the pricing is so high on the items.   I have no problem paying top dollar for quality but nothing was amazing, everything was just very good and I can pay 15-20% less at other places for very good.
5	Whoa. Charlotte is just the best city, that we have a restaurant like this.I went before the Lion King and had duck over red cabbage with fig sauce. YUM!My beau had kangaroo-- which tasted very much like beef. Excellent!Lemon drop martinis and Gay Pride outside-- I'm very proud to have this restaurant in our great city.
5	The food was fantastic.  Would certainly go there again.
4	We loved Ratcliffe on the Green and weren't sure that Bernardin's could replace it, but we were surprised with just how good Bernardin's was. We went for a special occasion, a birthday dinner, and enjoyed three courses each. All were delicious. We were totally stuffed at the end of our meal and more than just satisfied. Definitely recommend trying Bernardin's - but make a reservation because they have the same tiny dining area that Ratcliffe had!
4	My husband and I got invited to Bernardin's last week for Charlotte Restaurant Week/Queen's Feast. I had no expectations at all and did not know much about the place that I have passed by over and over. Boy, wish I had come sooner!The place is cute inside. Its an old building with a semi circle bench up in the front window, a couples table upstairs and just a bunch of regular tables on the main floor.When you walk in, that front area is not the whole restaurant. Dont be thrown! Grab a dirty martini while you wait for your table and get ready to eat. They bring bread to the table so you can enjoy that with your adult beverage. I ordered the Sweet Garlic Shrimp as my first course and selected the Braised Curried Lamb Shank for my entree. That lamb fell off the bone and was a very generous serving. Everyone at the table tasted it and I was still full. I even took the bone home for my dog!My husband ordered off the regular menu and selected the kangaroo. THAT was awesome. Cant get that everywhere around Charlotte. Try it!My friend got the Pan Roasted Salmon, which was good, he said, but not awesome. Creme Brulee hit the spot too and a very large sharing portion too. Good stuff!
5	Came here last Saturday for Charlotte Restaurant Week. We walked so I can't comment on parking.The place is super tiny....however, I think that is what makes it unique and adorable. We started with a bottle of Chardonay, which was decently priced and very good. Appetizers: Tuna Sahimi and Clam Chowder. The sashimi was good. However, the chowder was absolutely amazing. I love chowder and this was top notch. Not overly creamy but just perfect. This could have actually been my favorite part of the night!Entree- Lamb shank and CAB filet. Husband ordered the lamb.....super huge portion. I have no clue how he finished it. It fell right off the bone. My filet was cooked so well and the mushroom sauce on top was a perfect compliment. The blue cheese (I hate blue cheese btw!) mashed potatoes was so unique and different. Dessert- Creme Brulee and Chocolate Torte- Didnt actually try to the torte but the Creme Brulee was PERFECT! Such an amazing ending.So glad that we had the opportunity to come here!
3	Full disclosure, this was a visit during Queens Feast.  That being said, I think I made a crucial mistake based upon my entree selection versus my surrounding table mates.  The decor is nice but struggles to be upscale in my opinion but immediately I noticed the two best spots to eat.  Front table is great for a group of 6 or more and for a romantic night, the spot at the top of the stairs looked like a perfect place.I tried the salmon entree and just wasn't in love with it.  I know, salmon can be a little underwhelming in general but this was exceptionally flat for me.  Everything else was spot on, from the waitstaff, bartender and the general experience I had.
4	Ended up here by accident. Thought we were headed somewhere else!  But eithe way it was a pleasent surprise.for starters we had escargot-These were a 2 for me.  There was some weird funky taste.  Also the lump crabcakes with black beans, corn and chorizo sausage sounded so good but  just a 2.  then shared the thai beef salad!  Fantastic!  Cucumber, shitake mushrooms and tomato with thai chili vinaigrette.   5 stars!!  Entrees were the pan roasted diver sea scallops which i didnt not taste but told they are a 5!  i had filet with mac and cheese.  the mac and cheese being the best i have ever had next to the lobster mac and cheese at Del Friscos.   No dessert! Too full.
4	Fantastic service and excellent food! Fried oysters were cooked to perfection. The scallops and risotto were absolutely delicious. Dessert was fantastic as well. The grouper was good but needed some salt and maybe a little heat. We're just passing through but if we're in the area again we'll definitely be back!
5	Had the roasted red pepper and goat cheese soup du jour. Outstanding! Also, I had the horseradish-crumbed Atlantic salmon with a port wine and roasted garlic sauce over spinach. The salmon was cooked perfectly. May possibly be the best salmon dish I have ever had, and that says much. Service was great. The only gripe would have been wishing the hostess had not sat us at the tiny deuce table and maybe put me and my coworker on a 4-top instead.
4	Although it can be a bit confusing when you first walk in if the hostess is not present (and no one was) continue on and you will hear jazz music and enter the true ambience of the restaurant. The server who seated me was friendly, attentive and had great advice.As a single female diner I was made to feel comfortable and enjoyed a leasurely dinner. I ordered the special which was a 6 oz. sliced rib eye with a  crabcake topped with a perfectly done scallop. The steak was medium as ordered and all sauces and vegetables were the perfect accompaniment.Not one to turn down sugar I enjoyed a decadent dense chocolate cake. Delicious!When in Charlotte, check out this restaurant. Fine dinning with a great atmosphere and food.
4	This restaurant is really great!   I travel to Charlotte for work and stopped by here with my co-workers.  All of us ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees, and all of them tasted great.  None of us ventured out to try the kangaroo, but we had steak, fish, and chicken.  All of them are recommended.  Their side dish spinach was great too.The service was also great and I think we'll be back here more often!
5	I've had the opportunity to dine here twice .  Both times were exceptional. Lovely place .. Big and Open with somewhat a historical flair .  Amazing food .. Perfect both times .. Salmon was excellent with an Asian flair.
3	Stopped in for lunch to celebrate a coworker's years of service and birthday.  We had a table for 9 and they sat us at the front table which seemed to be a private corner.  Which is good and bad.  Good that we weren't surrounded by other patrons but towards the end it seemed like we were almost forgotten.  The waters weren't refilled, we sat waiting at an empty table for what seemed like a long time, and still wanted to order desserts.  The server was also harder to reach out to since she spent most of the time handling the others in the back. With all that said, the food was ok.  I had the red curry chicken and even though it wasn't loaded with meat and veggies, it was a good lunch portion.  I wouldn't come back for that price and service level for lunch unless the company is paying.  It seems the place is more popular for dinner.
4	Excellent! I am a gourmand from the Charleston campus at Johnson and Wales University from 14 years ago. I have moved to Charlotte to complete a bachelor's in Restaurant Management from the JWU now located here. I was impressed with the innovation and combination of flavors showcased on the menu in the dishes created by the Chef. My ex husband is a CIA graduate and we worked together in Sonoma Wine Country in the late nineties. I felt as if I had been brought back to California by the Chef's talent in combing intriguing, fresh and sometimes hard to find ingredients. I will be back for a third visit in the near future.
4	Ate there Monday and it was fabulous. Great room, inventive menu an good wine list. I had the pepper crusted filet. Service was friendly and very attentive.  So good. I definitely recommend.
4	This is truly a classy restaurant sans the feeling of snooty claustrophobia. The wait staff is attentive, the wine list is impressive,and the food devine... we had the bison and tuna and both meals were artistically presented and seasoned to perfection. I / we will be back!
4	Can't believe we've never gone here... Exotic menu, excellent service and quiet atmosphere. Definitely going back.
5	My husband and I decided to visit Bernardins after reading reviews and the menu, he was interested in trying the kangaroo. We had a very special reason to celebrate and I wanted the evening to be extra special so I mentioned this in my reservation notes. When we arrived the hostess took us up to a balcony seating area that overlooked the main dining room, it was perfect! We started with the goat cheese tart and duck spring rolls, both were delicious. We ordered one heirloom tomato salad to share and they brought it to us on separate plates, a very nice touch as the portions seemed slightly larger than if we had just eaten off one plate. He ordered the kangaroo and I ordered the lobster ravioli with a Maine lobster tail on top, both were perfect. Our waitress had the special, and rare, ability to make us feel like the only table in the restaurant without coming by too often. The decor is beautiful and I think it's worth asking for the balcony table if you are looking for a romantic dinner setting. Five stars for sure!
4	Yum. In town for a conference and this place was close to convention center and open. Menu looked fantastics and the smell amazing.It was an akward set up with some outside seating and a small bar with a few formal tables set in the front, kinda like a fish bowl. The remainder of the restaurant was around this wall. We did not get to sit there and there was still tables open. Only reason I didnt give this place 5 stars.I ordered the pepper crusted filet minion with spinach and garlic mash potatoes.  Just as a expected, it was excellent! Great portion, very well cooked, nice presentation and incredible taste. We even got a delightful bread with an herb butter for starters. Service was pretty quick considering our meal choices and friendly. I would definitely recomend this place, especially if your attending a convention. Its one of few places open at night close to convention center and Westin.
4	Gorgeous! This place is beautiful! Our waitress was amazing, she helped us pick our meal from their very exotic and interesting menu. We started with a cocktail, I ordered the Blue Jewel- delicious! For the appetizer we had the sea scallops over pork belly- I wanted that for my main course. We also ordered the heirloom tomato  mozzarella salad, which was tasty. For our entrees my husband had the ahi tuna with soba noodles- to die for!!! I decided to be a bit adventurous and ordered the Kangaroo. It was delicious, and tasted a lot like beef. We were too full to order desert but did enjoy a bottle of wine from their impressive wine menu. A must try in Charlotte!
