3	Crowded on weekends during brunch hours. Wait time can be close to an hour. Food is pretty good especially the breakfast/brunch menu. I like the low carb options with turkey burger, eggs and a glass of tomato juice. Service is above average. Prices are inexpensive and overall its a good place to try out atleast once.
3	Not bad in a pinch, but only in a pinch. I find Mimi's to be a bit  . . . boring. The food really isn't bad or good, and the service is equally non-descript. Pretty inexpensive during lunch, so it has that going for it. Ok, I guess non-descript was the operative word here, because I'm all out.
2	two words:"bonjour, y'all!"that is what is printed on the sign as you walk into this place. for most of you, that is enough for you to understand how i feel about this place. if not, i will expand.imagine the restaurants in disneyland - fake brick features, a silly, comptely out of place new orleans main street decor. do you recall the simpsons episode where moe tries to turn his sleazy bar into a family restaurant, and sells it by saying, "if you like a bunch of crazy crap on the walls, then come to Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag"?  ....that's the feeling i get here: 'if you put stereotypical new orleans items on the wall (mardi gras beads/french horn), they will come."i guess i can't be that pissed about it, becuase come they do - this place was packed. i'm pretty sure i was still drunk from the night before, and i wasnt' about to let go of my glory - boo to no drink specials, and no drinks besides beer and mamosas - not even a bloody mary. having spent the last four hours of beer time doing shots of sun kist, i was not about to even look at orange juice. thankfully, our server suggested a Hibiscus - champagne and cranberry juice- score!in fact, our awesome server was this outing's only saving grace. she had a terrific sense of humor. the monterrey omelette looked fantastic, and the person who ate said as much. i had a quiche (like i said, i was drunk still) the crust of which was extremely greasy. potatoes were ok, better than your average home fries. mamosas cost $5.25, but come with the mini bottle of champagne comes with, and most breakfast entrees come with juice - so you really end up with two drinks - not bad.but seriously, the atmosphere is horribly family oriented.
5	I couldn't disagree more with Lauren V. (the previous post), but I think I know why - my family loves Mimi's.  (It is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.)  The portions are very large and very reasonably priced. My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.  Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).  They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.  They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.  (Their blueberry is incredible.)They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.  Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).  The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.  Mimi's has something for everyone.  Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.  My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.  One of my favorite values.  Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.  (Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.)
5	I guess I don't understand why people are so hard on Mimi's.  We have only had the best of service when going here.  It is a "family" restaurant.  No happy hour, no drink specials.  That is why families go there.Pros- you can get breakfast all day long.  They have special menus for light meals and are willing to modify any meal for you.  They have a wide selection to please most everyone.  I have siblings that are on special diets because of digestive problems and Mimi's is one place that they can go to and not worry about how they will feel afterward.They are also a chain so when we are traveling we know we will get the same food there as well.  Portions are huge and can easily be split between two adults if not starving.  You can call ahead and put your name on the waiting list.  Weekend mornings are pretty busy.  All of the decor changes from room to room.  My children love the room with all of the instruments and play "I spy".Con's- Really cannot think of any.My family can eat at a sit down place for under $20 with tip included.  That to me is a great deal!
4	I agree that I don't understand why there are bad reviews for this place.  I review based on the establishment, not my idea of what I think the establishment "should be".  I am from Chicago, but my mom lives in Chandler, so we go here when I come for a visit because I really like it.  Everyone is super friendly and they have QUICHE!  And it's GOOD quiche.  I have a hard time finding that on a menu anywhere else, so I usually get it when I'm there.  I love their lighter menu and I LOVE LOVE LOVE their muffins!  That Buttermilk Spice muffin is TO DIE FOR!  Its not some fancy restaurant, just good food and good service without being Applebees or some crap place like that.
4	I come her for breakfast once and awhile, I've never eaten any of their lunch or dinner items. Therefore my rating is only for my regularly ordered items.My favorite breakfast is the Huevos con Tortillas (see pics) it's scrambled eggs surrounded by black beans,tomatoes, cilantro , cheese, sour cream, fresh avocado and two kinds of salsa served with warm flour or corn tortillas and juice of your choice.They also have a pretty good broccoli cheese quiche even though the crust part isn't the best and I Love their carrot  raisin muffins too!Don't come here during peak hours it gets quite obnoxious, I like to sit at the bar away from the crowds and get in and get out.
3	This place is so fattening and the portions are huge.  I think the ambiance is cute and I love the carrot bread they bring to your table for free.  Otherwise I mostly go for breakfast and stick with oatmeal and iced tea.
5	This is one of the best places and by walking in the door you can tell there is no secret about this place. It is awesome and again I sit at the bar a lot because then I don't have to wait in line. This is real therapeutic because I am realizing that I am just a spoiled brat and just don't like waiting in line, I want to just be seated. Anyway, the food is great, prices are just as great and the food portions are awesome too. I am 6'3" 260 pds. with an athletic build, so I can afford big portions cause I burn most of it off. I will get off of my soapbox and finish. Great job at MiMi's all of them are great.
3	I'm docking a star because they have REMOVED my favorite item from the menu!!! The Huevos con Tortillas is no longer available (see pics) Why Oh Why would they take that away from me!!!! I'm so sad right now!
3	I did the "survey" section of the review first, and started laughing hysterically at the "Attire" question.  My first time back at Mimi's in many many moons, and it was for a friend's pajama brunch party.  And as we proved, almost anything goes as far as attire for Mimi's Cafe :).  The reason I stopped going to Mimi's was that, for the same amount of money, my mom (my normal Mimi's companion) and I could find amazing food, versus the just ok fare at Mimi's.  And having gone back again, my conclusion still stands.  The food is decent, and even good, just not spectacular, or wow-tacular or even yummy-tacular.  (I also reserve the right to completely make up words)I'm an adventurous eater, and Mimi's... it's not adventurous... at all, which is great for people who want to have normal scrambled eggs (without cream/milk), normal breakfast potatoes, normal mashed potatoes (yes, I did order 2 forms of potatoes for my meal). Mimi's Cafe is definitely for the faint of heart.  :)
4	Yea, I admit it. I ate here. I even admit I like it. For a chain.I can't believe I liked it. My first experience with Mimi's Cafe was back in Vegas, when it first opened on my side of town in Summerlin. The food and the service was deplorable. I vowed I'd never go back there, not knowing it was a chain...I should've known better.Fast forward ten years. I'm in Arizona and I'm near the Chandler Mall. I don't want mall food. I didn't feel like In N Out and frankly, that hot dog man at Lowe's wasn't gonna cut it either.I eyed Mimi's Cafe. Was it going to make me happy? The decor made me want to hurl. It's too busy. Too fussy, frilly, froo-froo girlie girl for me. I wanted to burn that checkered table cloth. Putting that weird plexiglass thing on top of that checkered table cloth? It made me feel like I was back at my mother's house and she would be screaming, "COASTER!!!!!" any time I thought about putting a glass down on any table.Anyway, I decided to order the Turkey Pesto Ciabatta. While waiting, bread was brought to the table...but not just any kind of bread...we're talking almost like pound cake bread...like cinnamon nut spice cake. I wanted to cry. I had to eat it. HAD TO. IT MADE ME.The Turkey Pesto Ciabatta  was heavenly. I can't believe that I had such good food. The turkey was warm, the pesto was nice...the bacon made me happy...I am still floored it was so good.Maybe I'll have to try something else, but for now, Mimi's gets 4 stars. Sorry, no 5 stars...because my awful experience from Vegas is still forever burned into my memory.
5	I just don't understand why anyone eats breakfast at a place like Denny's when you can go to Mimi's and have SUCH a different experience (like servers who haven't been up late drinking the night before).  I have always loved this place (it's on my A-OK chain list), especially for breakfast.  The atmosphere is cute and charming, the servers generally seem to be a higher caliber and I love the variety of flavors on their breakfast menu.If you sign up for the Mimi's e-club, they instantly send you a coupon for a free breakfast (up to a $10 value).  With items like Pain Perdue Stuffed French Toast, Eggs Benedict Florentine and a Chipotle Breakfast Burrito it was a difficult decision.  I, however, settled on the healthiest option (I checked the caloric content on the website), the Capresse Omlette which was just delish and includes diced tomatoes, red onions and basil topped with sliced tomatoes and fresh mozzerella and a tomato cream sauce which I ordered on the side.  My dining partner ordered the Ham & Cheddar Croissant (a whopping 1,235 calories, but apparently worth it) with breakfast potatoes.  So, along with being a price Nazi, I've become a calorie Nazi.  Most of the breakfast entrees include a freshly baked muffin and fresh squeezed juice.  It was a perfectly delicious and very filling breakfast.Our server was just fabulous and I gave her double the tip I normally would have since I used the coupon for a free breakfast.  I can't wait to come back here in a week or two, and BTW do try to come during the week if possible as the wait is significantly less.
4	This place is too popular on Sunday for breakfast.. Which is coincidentally when I like to go too. We normally wait in line for a half hour but I think its worth it. Good food. Decent prices.
4	I really love coming here for breakfast. The buttermilk pancakes are so soft and warm. One of the best places to go for pancakes. The fresh oj is my favorite, I can't get enough of it. The muffins are fresh and moist and did I mention very good? I had their quiche once and thought it was gross, but maybe it was just me? If you go for lunch or dinner the pastas are pretty good too as well as their sandwiches. It's a fun place to go if you run out of ideas, but I definitely suggest go for the pancakes. If you don't like waiting avoid going on saturday or sunday mornings. I've waited 45 min to 1 hour on a Sunday morning!
4	Read everyone else's review if you want the "I know it's a chain but..."  I do really like Mimi's Cafe!  I come here only 2-3 times a year, but my feet hop-skip-to-it when it does.1.  Love their carrot raisin bread (google it, you can make it too)2.  When I'm ill, sometimes I only want to eat is their french onion soup and the white rolls dipped in it3.  When I'm craving liver (heckle me, it's ok)... well this place wins as a default cuz who else serves it?!4.  Brunch is great especially for the money (last time it came with fresh squeezed OJ)5.  Just tried their $9.99 Lunch 2-course menu, the grilled shrimp and asparagus was very good.  Beat my expectations!
5	I just took my wife and daughter to Mimi's. If you like REAL New England clam chowder then look no further than this place. They only serve it (sniff) on Fridays. It is rich, creamy, and full of big chunks of fresh clams. Couple that with a full menu of great lunchtime or dinnertime treats and you'll come away satisfied. The service was impeccable. The staff was very friendly and they work together as a real team to give their patrons a truly memorable experience. Love it love it love it! The muffins are great and when they found out my daughter hadn't been there before they gave her four muffins to take home with her absolutely gratis. I had the Cobb salad which never disappoints. My wife ordered off the two course special menu and got asparagus with citrus shrimp. My daughter had the salmon. Everyone raved about how good everything was. The food, the service, and the ambience is great. Two thumbs up...way up!
3	Good food.  Their bread and muffins get five stars. I gave it three stars because I'm not a super huge fan of all the times on their menu.  Could be me.  the food is really good, but it's just a personal opinion.  I guess back in the day, I ordered a turkey sandwich here that was dry as a bone... sorta sticks.I hear their breakfasts are out of this world.. maybe i'll go there and redo my review.
4	I absolutely love Mimi's for breakfast! So lemme clarify with the star rating: breakfast/ brunch = 4 stars. Lunch and dinner = 3 stars. Their breakfast menu has so many lovely choices and pictures. K so here is what I have had:Breakfast:Eggs benedict - Very good but a bit too much ham on it. Got to a point where ham was all I could tasteEggs florentine - AMAZING! One of the best benedicts I have ever had! Eggs are always cooked perfect, hollendaise is light and creamy, and I love the mixture of the tomato, bacon, and spinich. This is what I order most of the time. Used to get the eggs houssard which was the best but they did away with it which always happens to me!Crabcake benedict - Good but the crabcakes can get a bit overpowering and they turn this breakfast into a very heavy one.Mixed Berry Pain Perdu - Great for if you have a sweet tooth. They give you tons though and after awhile, its a bit too sweet at least for me. Still liked it alot though.Chipotle Breakfast Burrito - This is surprisingly very good considering its not from a mexican restaurant.Ciabatta Breakfast sammich - Very good but a bit too much meat for my liking. I think I will order it minus the ham next time. But the rest of it taste terrific.Quiche - Have had a couple different types (brocolli and cheese, crab and sweet corn) and I can say that Mimi's makes some of the best quiche I have ever had. Very light and flaky crust with fluffy eggs and great mixinsCarrot Bread/ Blue Berry muffins - Some of the best bread and muffins I have ever had. Always warm and freshRedskin Breakfast potatoes - Pretty good. I prefer greasy hashbrowns thoughLunch/ Dinner:French onion soup - Good soup. Better be good cause this is one of the things I think they are supposed to be known for.Chicken fettuccine - Was ok, not very memorable though. I liked that it had artichokes and sundried tomatoes but the sauce wasnt very thick and the chicken was kinda bland.Butternut Squash Ravioli with scallops - This was a special at one point and it was very good. The scallops didnt taste frozen like they do at most AZ restaurants and the ravioli were very light and flavorful. Unfortunately, I am not sure if or when this special will come backSo to sum it up, I am always excited to go to Mimi's for breakfast, however, I don't often consider going there for dinner. I feel that I should go and try more items for dinner/ lunch because the items I have had during those times were not bad. There is definately potential. The prices are reasonable and the service is good most of the time. Oh and I definately need to go back and try their bread pudding at some point to see if it makes the list of best bread puddings.   :)
1	I usually love Mimi's, but lately they've been messing up quite a bit. We place a to go order with them at least once/week, and dine in a couple of times/month.Last night we got the usual: turkey dinner and strawberry walnut salad with chicken. We asked that our bread basket consist of banana bread only, as we usually do. Nick took our order - he usually does.1. The salad had NO chicken, but we got charged for it, dinner size!2. The bread basket had 2 slices of banana bread and the rest were 1 dinner roll (not even 2!! after all, we ordered 2 entrees!) and 3 carrot rasin slices. 3. Had we not specified the muffin flavor we would not have got a muffin at all, although it comes with the salad! Every time I order the salad and I don't tell them what muffin to give me, they just don't give me any. And if I don't ask for the bread basket I don't get that either, although it is complimentary!I am sorry, I wish I could give them a 5 star review because their food is delicious, but they definitely do not know how to treat their repeat customers; the neglijence is unacceptable, especially that we get charged for things we do not get. We will most likely find another place to order from now on.
3	They serve alot of food.
4	Mimi's never fails to be a good breakfast, my experience always vary's from server to server but the food is always consistently good.  Let be clear the service is never bad, however if it is busy they may forget your juice or muffin form time to time, just ask and they always make it right.
5	Now I'm talkin' big salad! Always get to go, and this was perfect. Best takeout salad (aside from Oregano's). Got the cobb salad with honey mustard, perfect. Big, chopped lettuce and plenty of side toppings. Will definitely be back!
1	I am rating this a "one" because the service was so very bad! They weren't very crowded but it took forever to get our food, the waiter didn't apologize for the delays or anything. There were three of us, my husband ordered a basic turkey burger and it was so bad he couldn't even eat it the waiter saw that he didn't eat it and never asked if it was okay or anything. The other two meals were average the muffin was great!I wouldn't go back the that location, may try a different location to compare.
4	We had breakfast here. I had the country fried steak, my wife had the crab cake florentine. Both were very good. Plus they included muffins. The chocolate mousse muffin was wonderful, too.  Other items on the menu included eggs benedict, and a few kinds of quiche.  Service could have been more attentive, but it was adequate.  The manager let us use two coupons (there were four of us) rather than having to sit at separate tables.  That's good customer service.We did not eat lunch this time, but I did look at the lunch menu.  It had a variety of dishes available from simple stuff like a burger, salads, and au jus, to "fancier" dishes like quiche and pot pie, and salmon and parmesan chicken.  It's not a high-end bistro, but for what it is it is good.Although the setting is casual, their menu is more extensive than similar places with some different dishes one normally doesn't find.  I anticipate we'll be returning to try more of their dishes.  And definitely buy some of those chocolate mousse muffins!!
4	We had dinner this time.  A wide variety of dishes.  I had beef bourguignon, the others had chicken dishes.  One opted for the 3-course meal.  The food was good.  My only complaint would be that the beef was too fatty.  But they gave me so much of it that I ended up with enough beef to satisfy my personal portion requirements.  The others seemed to enjoy their chicken dishes (one was the brie chicken, I forget what the other was).We also had a coupon for free muffins with minimum purchase.  Their email club is pretty good.  We regularly receive coupons, and they are decent coupons.We will continue patronizing Mimi's.  No, it's not the Cordon Bleu (I imagine...never been there), but it's good stuff.
5	Went there for a quick lunch and had it in minutes and there service was GREAT!
2	This place seems like an upscale Coco's.   Similar look, bake goods on display on the way in (muffins instead of pies), and a couple of items on menu same as Coco's (Sam Adams Beer Batter Fish n Chips).Compared with most Coco's in Phx area this place is cleaner, newer.   My problem was the food.   All four items we ordered were bad.  My kids got "flatbread pizza" and it was nasty, they could not eat it, slimy and falling apart.   My wife got some kinda pasta dish, they forgot the shrimp and brought out later, it was not good.  My french dip was pretty mediocre.
4	I love mimi's. They should rename this place mama's kitchen!
4	Always good!  We go often thanks to their coupons & gluten free menu (Available on request) Salmon...yum  Mousse....yum Bread basket...really yum (that I remember)
1	I have been a loyal patron of Mimi's Cafe in Chandler for about 12 years. Unfortunately the quality of the food and service has been truly awful for about the last year. I keep trying because I remember all the good meals we've had there but the last 3 times have been so awful that I will not be back. Ordered an old favorite..pot roast. It came out cold and dried out. Next time I ordered the beef bourguinon which turned out to be cold dry pot roast with a wine sauce poured over it. I was offered another choice so I took the pork chops. They came out in about 5 minutes raw. The manager came over and said she was sorry and that I wouldn't be charged for the meal. No kidding.  Last week I tried again. This time I ordered fish and chips because my wife told me she would divorce me if I ordered anything remotely related to pot roast. The fish came out overcooked and dried out which required tearing it apart rather than breaking apart in like most flaky fish does. I ordered garlic sweet potato fries with the fish which turned out to be cold soggy non garlic fries. When I questioned the waiter he told me that sweet potato fries were supposed to be soft cuz they don't fry crispy. I told him to ask the kitchen to try again which they did and were delicious the second time. Too little too late
2	Went to dinner with family on an early Friday evening & had terrible service.  We were seated in a back booth in the corner.  We asked the hostess for a booster chair and it took forever to get one.  Our young waiter was not very attentive, forgot to bring my wine and had to be reminded & it finally came after the dinner was served;  he never came to check on us to see if we needed anything.  Fortunately I wasn't charged for the wine; food was good but service was just awful.
1	Service is awful. Lady next to me to go to the bathroom, she was eating alone. They came by and cleared her table. She hadn't even started yet. Then I got the 3 corse meal and they forgot the first one and came out and threw his coworker under the buss. Your my waiter, own the situation. Then it took 20 min to get our check after we were done eating. We had napkins on the plates and everything.
3	Not a huge fan of the chain restaurants so prevalent in the Phoenix area. However, because this Mimi's is so convenient to the Chandler Mall and Nordstrom Rack, Lowes, Ulta etc  I don't want to say anything too negative, especially since I am being a "local" snob. After all the food was fine, service was good and everything was pretty decent overall. Mimis is a safe bet.
4	Awesome little bar inside. Almost italian-esk but its located in the center of the restaurant which is odd. The spicy bloody mary's are nice and they have very creamy crepes. I had a hair in my food and they promptly took it back and within a few minutes a new plate arrived at the table. The manager came out to make sure all was ok and then they comped the plate due to the hair. I like to decor but it was oddly set up. A little of everything we americans think is "european/ french" Not true french but decent americanized french place/food.  Crepes + but over all - its about the same as an olive garden.
4	Food here is always good. The service like most places is hit or miss. If your server is a teenager going through an emo stage expect a "miss". But this review for me is about comparing this place to it's peer group. 4 Stars because it's clean, every time I eat here the food is good, lots's of choices, the price is where you'd expect and as far as a chain cafe it's pretty hard to beat.
3	So far the service is stinking... Food is just OK
2	Service was a bit slow, although I was seated quickly. Corn chowder was tasty but not very hot. Had the Cheddar  Broccoli Quiche. Filling was good, but the crust was really soggy, even the edges. Seemed like it could have been microwaved. Probably won't go back unless that is where others want to go.
5	Always a fan of Mimi's!  Sorry it took so long to write this review.  No matter which location we visit, the food is always top notch!  Breakfast is our family favorite and the pain purdue is too good for words!  I get a patty melt for lunch whenever I can and they do it up right everytime!  Try it on grilled sourdough bread with their signature honeymustard - dip the patty melt in the dressing and .................YUM!  Service is always great and we'll be there again this weekend!
3	Love the French Onion soup and carrot raisin muffins here.Today we came after three and you could say the entire staff was out to lunch.We eventually seated ourselves at the bar, got our own menus too, was eventually greeted by someone who offered to get us drinks but again we were waiting for a server.Did finally get service and our order placed and meal delivered in a timely manner.I had quiche with soup and a muffin and my son had the soup and sandwich.  Meal was fine as we had anticipated.Bummed they don't have a muffin included in the soup & salad option.
4	Mimi's is great for some down home food... good for a chain.  I always like the french-ish decor.While I've had many meals here, I've only had one since gluten free, and that was a salad, so I don't have much to report on that subject. lolAt this location, I had the Waldorf salad with grilled shrimp, which they had some awesome seasoning on it.Service was good... they were real attentive to my food sensitivities. :)
1	My son was served raw chicken in his sandwich here today. Totally raw and cold.He ate half his sandwich before his fiance noticed. We all lost our lunch!
4	We came here for the first time last night. We like Mimi's but, had never been to this location. Nice parking lot and clean restrooms.We were seated by a very fun girl who was speaking French with my girlfriend. Don't get her started,hehee.Anyway we got a nice booth in the back. Our server was very attentive.The funny thing was he told us his name was Chance and when the Manager was checking on everyone to see if they were good ,he called him Zach. Plus the check said Zach. Oh well everyone should have fun at work I think.Anyway, our food was good, we got the Fried Zuchcinni. Which is always good at all the locations we have ever tried.  It is very lightly Breaded and comes with really good Marinara sause.I got the Pot Roast, my Gilrfriend the Salmon. Both were very good, just wxtremly saltly. We were so thristy even into the next day. Food was good, just too much salt for seasoning. Service was good. We will go back for sure.
3	While the food quality has declined at Mimi's Cafe locations over the years, the service has always remained good and that's the one saving grace of the chain.We visited this location after a long hiatus caused by a bad experience at the Ray Rd location where all the food quality issues just hit us like a ton of bricks--same high prices, cheaper food.  It was just average. Everything was prepared well and fairly tasty, but as I said, you can tell they are using lower quality ingredients than 5 or 10 years ago.The server was very friendly and fast, which makes for a better experience all around.
3	Can you say "carrot raisin muffin?"  Can you convince your breakfast mates to order the same and give them to you?  My poor husband knows the "drill" all too well!  They taste like good old fashioned carrot cake - just the right amount of nuts.  I really like Mimi's for breakfast (truly something for everyone,) and on breakfast, I give them four stars.  The reason for three, is lunch and dinner...nothing at all special.
4	I went to Mimi's for breakfast, and was pleasantly surprised.  The reviews for the Chandler Blvd location were a little mixed, and I probably would have never gone if my parents had not wanted to try it out.  I had the Quatre Fromages Quiche which I thought was exceptional.  You do not see quiche on the menu at too many places, so it was nice as a change of pace, and this one was very well executed.  The potatoes that come with the meal could use some seasoning, but the quiche itself impressed me enough to overlook it.  There are enough unique things on the breakfast menu here that it is worth having in your rotation if only for a change of pace.
3	This was my second time eating breakfast here.  It didn't seem as good as last time, the crust on the quiche was a little over done.  That said, the brioche cinnamon roll was great, best I've had in a while.  Also, the potatoes are much better with onions and mushrooms added.  The pricing seems a little high compared to most breakfast places around here.  Still, a solid choice overall.
3	This is my 3rd or 4th time at this location and, as always, the service was excellent.  What was different the past two times though was their new, sparse, menu.  I had bragged up Mimi's to my son saying they have an extensive menu but when we looked online it was a lot smaller than I remembered.  When we got there it was indeed smaller and fairly ordinary to boot.  The food was good but the selection was nothing like it used to be.  And, unfortunately, for the first time my order was undercooked - and not by a little bit.  Wifey and I agreed that it is no longer on our list of personal favorites and that is too bad because it used to be her favorite.
3	You know it's going to be great when you walk in at 1pm on a Saturday and the hostess asks us if we want to sit at the bar in a restaurant that is not even that busy...I've never been to Mimi's Cafe before so I'm not sure if this is normal. To me, it seems weird. Do I look like I need a drink? We were thankfully seated at a table and given lunch/dinner menus, to our chagrin. I thought for certain we had missed brunch, but thankfully when we asked our server, she brought us breakfast menus. My boyfriend ordered the brioche French toast and I ordered an omelette with potatoes and a muffin. Phew, that's a lot of food. The omelette was pretty good, but the potatoes were a bit forgettable. They seemed soggy, like they had either been sitting out for a while or cooked in too much oil. I tried a bite of the French toast and it was quite tasty-although too heavy for me. I guess that is to be expected from brioche so that's more about personal preference. Overall, service was good. Our server was really friendly and helpful with the menu, and was prompt on refilling our coffees and waters. I wish more restaurants would just leave a whole pot of coffee at your table..or water. I drink water and coffee like it's going out of style but I digress. I haven't been to a place in recent memory that actually does that.Price-wise, it seemed on par with a lot of places that I normally go to for brunch, however most of the places I go to aren't chain restaurants. Overall, an a-ok restaurant. Not spectacular-but not horrible either.
4	The butternut ravioli special is very good and so is the pre-dinner bread.  get the roast turkey if you are hungry!
4	Always a great place to fall back on! Really love the carrot raisin muffins, omelettes, and french onion soup!
5	I love Mimis. This is also my favorite location in the valley to go to. The service is normally great and I love their omelets and muffins.
5	The corned beef and hash is yummy! The red potatoes are just right with a light butter taste. My fave breakfast there!
1	been taking family there for years and very pleased with food and service. but several months ago I noticed the decline in food and service. finally a couple of months ago we went for breakfast and the food and service had gotten so poor that I wished we had gone to  Dennys.  I spoke to the manager and he apologized but was not interested in what I complained about. haven't been back and won't until I hear it's back to the way it was.  although its not expensive, I will not waste my money.  Chompies is our new breakfast favorite.
4	I have to say this place surprised me. I have been here before and was not all that impressed. Mom had a coupon and wanted to go so who am I to say no. I figured I could find something I could eat. When we got there it still looked the same but then we got the menu. They have pretty much completely redone the menu from what I remember. It is all French cuisine now. Which I was questioning at first. Really this place is French now? This ought to be good. I finally decided on the Croque Madame. Which is an open faced ham and Swiss cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top. It was really good. I was shocked. I really was. Very good flavor. Everything worked together. The ham was seasoned and cooked just right. Was this the right place.I say they have changed for the better. Don't know how popular the new menu will be because the general public seems to be leery of food they can't pronounce but I hope it works out for them. I will be back and will tell others about it was well. I really was shocked.
4	I'm always a fan of Mimis.  Breakfast, lunch, dinner... it's all good.My old go-to was the French Dip with au jus, which had such tender beef.  More recently I have expanded my palette, and I also come more often for breakfast.  The California Avocado BLT omelette is mouth-watering (minus the bacon).  Get the potatoes fried with onions and peppers for an extra burst of flavor!  For lighter appetites, the blueberry muffins can't be beat.  There's also a seasonal flavor (pumpkin? red velvet?) that's usually pretty fantastic, so ask your server!For brunch, try a mimosa or sparkling wine flight.  The coffee is also pretty good, though I'd be even happier with some flavored creamers.Mimis has something for everyone!
4	I had never been to Mimi's Cafe before I joined my networking group. (Chandler Networking Professionals every Tuesday at 12 just in case you were wondering). The staff here is very accommodating. The food is always hot and fresh. Lately I have been getting a chicken Caesar salad with blackened chicken. It also comes with a muffin of your choice. Other favorites menu items of mine are the BBLT and the Le burger de Madame. It's a bacon cheese burger with a fried egg.  Stop by if you're looking for a good lunch. Also if you're looking for a place to host an event or group meeting they have a huge secluded room that could accommodate you.
4	We have been here multiple times and the service is always spectacular!! Jay was our server this time. He was super attentive and extremely nice! The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because they recently changed the menu (new owners) and I miss some of the old items that made me fall in love with Mimis!! My vote: bring back the chicken parmesan and the chicken cordon bleu. :)
2	They have a very small menu. The selection was horrible. The service was even worse. The restaurant was not very busy. However, it took over 10 minutes to get our drink order taken. Our waiter was not very knowledgeable about the menu and was very, very slow in his service. He forgot to bring my cup of soup out. I had to ask for it after our entrees arrived. The soup was cold when I finally got it. The food made me and my friend sick. The only reason that I did not give a one star rating is because the manager was very quick to respond when we asked for one. Then, he took my friend's entree and my soup off of the check. The server and manager were very nice people and very apologetic (especially about us getting sick). I doubt that we will be visiting this location again.
1	For years this place has been amazing BUT tonight we went for my mothers birthday and immediately we were excited because the menu always had a good combination, tonight we learned that Mimi's has been bought out and they re-did the menu. This new menu sucks has sandwich's and burgers and then there speciality meals no variety. My family and I were very disappointed and left after looking at the menu. They're might be hope for Mimi's when we left the restaurant the manager asked us "hey, why are you guys leaving?" We explained our situation and  He explained to us that so many people leave because they don't like the changes that have been made. Mimi's will be changing the menu again this may. Hopefully  for the better.
4	Hostess could be more friendly and professional. The food and environment is exceptional. Service was fine. They had a few less experienced waiters that socialized a bit too much. We fortunately had more experienced ones. Nice menu will return.....
2	I used to enjoy coming here, but recently with the new menu changes, I will not be coming back. The food is meh. This past time I went in March, I made a reservation for Sunday lunch for 5 adults and 2 children. They forgot our reservation, so they stuffed us in a small booth where I ended up having to fit two highchairs on the end. They brought out the wrong meal, and we tried to let our waitress know, but she just didn't care enough to check on us. In fact, she never got refills for our drinks. We ended up having to find a manager to ask her to get us the right meal. It's too bad, because this used to be a fun place to eat.
5	Mimi's has been great allowing us to use their room for our referral group. Lori has been especially fantastic towards all of us. Keep up the good work
4	We just had take-away from Mimi's and it was very good. The Quiche Lorraine was perfect- fluffy and flavorful. The chocolate mousse was a little disappointing. It was just a bit too heavy. It was well-packaged for take-away, which I appreciate.
5	We recently had a bridal shower in their room off the rest of the restaurant. It was great!! The food was wonderfu! Our server Liz was WONDERFUL! They allowed us to come in and decorate with what we wanted. The manager Marco was a pleasure to work with. We had a party of 40, it was just perfect for a Bridal Shower Luncheon. We will be back for sure!
3	Fast, friendly and efficient service...food was meh okay...place was pretty empty, we did have an early dinner tho... Had a brownie Sunday..they were kinda stingy on the ice cream...not the best but not the worst either...oh and creepy music playing in the background!
4	Always a good place for a meal too good.  Salmon Nicoise salad was good.  Turkey pesto ciabatta was nice (only shows on lunch menu).
1	Noticed a few reviews complaining about cold French onion soup so I brought that up with the Waiter he assured me it would be hot so I tried it off course it came out cold.  Didnt think the flavor was to good.  Ordered chicken salad  sandwich and it was whole wheet croissant. Why would some want a healthy croissant that makes no sense and why would the menu not explain that.
1	Has been going downhill for years. Used to be my favorite place. Recommend they dig out menus and decor from 10 years back. Tries to be upscale, but fails. It was better when it was fun and friendly.
1	This was a very sad experience. We went on a Sunday night at about 7pm. The place was empty. It took some time to seat us. Tea took forever. Bread took forever. After 35 minutes waiting for simple food my dear wife got pissed and we left. Because I have honor, I wanted to pay for the tea on the way out. Even that took forever. I hoped that for the prices they charge and the fact that the place was empty that the service would be good. All I learned is why the place was empty. We then went to Cheddars next door and had a nice meal.
4	Well the location is probably one of the best in the world to have an any kind of a restaurant.The decoration was basic Mimis Cafe with bill clintons saxophone!? Thats not rock or hard even.They take you a photo at the door which you can buy later on.Service is pretty absurd but kind of funny! I found it a bit cheesy,its ok.better happy than sad service.The price was fine concidering the location and the brand.Food was very basic hard rock food! Nothing extreme special,but its an ok place to go if not to eat than upstairs to the shop than atleast.
5	We always love coming here for breakfast. The staff are always warm and pleasant and willing to serve. On weekends and holidays it can get pretty busy so arrive early. Food is good quality and generally served just the right temp. Great coffee and their bakery is fantastic. Comfortable and clean.
1	Wish I could write a review. The menu looked tempting online and I took immediately to the Ham, Egg, and Swiss waffles. There is a location very nearby but I have never been. So I called for takeout breakfast. After the hostess answered the phone I was put on hold for 8 minutes before I finally hung up. Nice try but I won't bother with Mimi's again.
4	Excellent menu and quality- just what I would hope for in a Mimis Cafe. Service was excellent. Wine list was fairly priced with good selections in all price points. Surprisingly, the only disappointment was the coq au vin- the lardons were so prominent the whole dish became heavy-handed, tasting like salty bacon.
3	burgers were under cooked and there was no chicken in the chicken sand which but the meditate an salad was good.
3	As an Americanized French cafe, it's not bad, but my time in Paris ruined me for life when it comes to restaurants that attempt to be authentically French.  The turkey and Brie melt concept was great, but with only one slice of Brie and a smaller than expected portion size, I was a little disappointed with the execution.  Taste was good, but at the risk of sounding like a snob, it really didn't compare to Parisian cafe fare.  My advice?  Trim down the menu substantially to focus more on a few items and get fresher ingredients if you're going to imitate the French cafe experience.
4	I like the bloody Mary's and sangria. The salads are pretty good. Very little vegetarian or vegan selections. Always good service and it's always clean and pleasant.
1	This Mimi's Cafe is terrible! One star for the tangerine mimosa that made me forget about the terrible experience for about 3 minutes.Put our name down for a table for 2 and was told it would be 20 minutes. 30 minutes went by so I decided to check up on the list since I started to notice people who came after us being seated. One of the hostess' (please tell me why there were 4 hosts and none of them knew what they were doing) looked at the list longer than she should have and said "a couple more people.. about 5 more minutes." Waited a little longer and my bf went up to see the status. Turns out our name was never on the list. WTF? Really?? They were lying to us.. all 4 of the hosts were clueless and unorganized. After that we got a table and the service was terrible. Took 10 minutes for my bf to get his coffee and water.. even more to get the waitress' attention to get our check.Worst service ever!!
5	You can always count on Mimi's and the Mgr Jim to provide a good dinner and dining experience   When we visit family for the Holiday in Arizona Jim does his absolute very best to serve a home cooked meal.   The line was short and as always the food was very very Good....
4	To start, I don't think Mimi's was prepared for the crowd they got on thanksgiving. We had made a reservation for a 3:00 pm turkey dinner in hopes that there wouldn't be much wait for our party of 4. Little did we know hundreds of others did the same thing and many more walked in placing their names on a list. The little wait we expected turned into a 30-45 minute wait. After we were finally seated, the wait began again. Waitress and after waitress walked past us ignoring our table. No water were brought and not even a "we'll be right with you". So we finally got up and approached the manager after a food runner was kind enough to bring us waters. The manager went around and asked the 2 waitresses working all 4/5 tables surrounding us and none of them took responsibility or seemed to want our table. Little did we know this was a blessing in disguise. Monique was given our table even though it seemed her section was no where near our table. She turned the whole meal around. She was attentive, kind, threw in some jokes and really was a sweetheart. Given that it was thanksgiving, the meal was good for it not being my home cooked meal but it was pretty tasty. Also the serving size was huge which allowed to reach that "over capacity" feeling everyone deserves in turkey day. Mimi's is a good choice if you are looking for a holiday meal. But on any other day try and get Monique as your server. You won't be disappointed.
2	So, the 2 stars is because I typically would give it 4 but our horrible Thanksgiving dinner at this location would warrant 1 star. Clearly they overbooked for Thanksgiving...this became apparent because I made a reservation a MONTH ahead and we were told it would be a 45-50 minute wait when we walked in the door at 1:45 pm.  What point is a reservation then really? Only because another gal told us it would be 15 minutes and we were rather vocal about the situation did they manage to acquire a booth for us about 20 minutes later. Then there was the food...past years we ate at another Mimi's and thoroughly enjoyed our meal and the crowd was managed much better. Additionally, there were snacks and drinks available for those having to wait to be seated (Note to Chandler location: this is extremely helpful when people are hungry and not expecting a long wait time after booking a reservation).  The salad and bread were sadly the best part of the meal...the sweet potatoes were so sweet none of us ate them and half of us wouldn't try the green bean casserole and the other half regretted that they did.  Additionally my husband and I ordered red wine and they ran out of wine glasses so they served it up in ??? perhaps a mimosa glass. Which not only made the wine hard to drink but, frankly, it just didn't taste the same. The staff...good gracious, we could feel the stress the moment we walked in from the hostesses to the wait staff. Our waitress did the best she could considering the crowd but the anxiety all around was tangible and overshadowed our experience. Definitely decided next year, we're doing turkey at home.
2	This review is more about the General Manager's attempt to sell my 87 year old mother gift cards than the meal or the service.  It was totally out of place and totally uncalled for.We were finishing lunch and the General Manager approahced our table -- no other table -- our table.  His conversation was directed at my 87 year old grey haired mother.  He began by pulling some $5 coupons out of his shirt pocket and asking her if she'd like to have a coupon she could use in January.  After baiting her with his pitch, he sprung the rest of the sales pitch on her.  She could have one if she'd buy a $25 gift card.  We were shocked.  It was totally out of place.  If he wants to sell coupons, he's definitely in the wrong job.  Normally when a general manager visits a table it's to ask how everything is and if he can do anything for his patrons, not to see them coupons.Regardless of any other stars we'd give this restaurant, we won't return.  We go out to eat not to be hassled by a manager coming to our table to try to sell us something.  I could understand at the cash register offering gift cards with a $5 coupon but not at the table and not the way this manager presented it.  I think he needs a training in etiquette before he's let loose in a restaurant. So, I dropped an email to corporate headquarters.  They forwarded it on to the Mimi's in Chandler.  This morning I received a form letter in my email from the Service Manager.  Yes, it was definitely a form letter and it definitely had obvious misspelled words -- not typos.   And, why is it they always think they can make things better by offering a free meal and not even addressing the problem?  We definitely won't use it.-- Hostess was pleasant and efficient.  Waitress was rather on the slow side.  Food was good.
4	Great food selection and wide selection. They also serve alcohol in the AM! There is a full bar up front. I will be back!
4	I've been to Mimi's before, but had a really nice experience at THIS Mimi's.  I took my mother in law to brunch.  We were seated by a window in a small-ish room.  We hadn't spent time with each other in a long while so we slowly ordered our eggs benedict and coffee (both excellent).  What was best was that the waitress figured out that we needed some good catch up time and while she was very attentive, we never felt rushed or like she needed to turn a table.  I've never closed down a breakfast place before but we managed to and it was just what we needed.  Relaxing and perfect.
