5	So, I felt super lazy when I finally decided to hire someone to come to my home and pick up my dogs' poop, but it is totally worth it.  I called a handful of pet waste removal businesses who were all in the same price range, and figured I'd hire whoever called me back the quickest.  Dave answered his phone on the second ring and was easy to talk to and understanding about my dogs (we have 3, but I only wanted to pay for 2 because our youngest only likes to do his business in my dining room...).  Dave came out that week, charged a completely reasonable ($25) 1st-time fee (we hadn't picked up in a while), and has come back for $12 a week since.  We forgot to leave the gate unlocked once, and he totally went above and beyond, literally-- he climbed over our gate and went to work without a complaint.  I'm sure many would have left the poop and charged us for the visit anyway.If things are getting a little out of hand in your yard, I totally recommend Happy Pets.  When you really think about it, it's not really lazy... we hire people to take care of lots of things around the home.  No reason the nastiest job can't go to someone else!
5	This was the first and only place I called because of the other great Yelp reviews and am so thankful they were right!My worked picked up and I was never able to maintain my yard, with two dogs, like I would normally. I was hesitant to use a waste removal service, but am so glad I did. I recommend for anyone with a busy schedule or around the holiday season, when you are around town and getting ready for company to come over. It was a little strange to hire someone to come to my home whom I'd never met, but Dave was so nice and professional, he put any worries at ease.I first did a one-time service, but was so impressed with the work and professionalism of the company I kept their services. Dave was always available and answered his phone right away when I called. I was even more impressed that for a small company they had online payments and eInvoicing. Dave also went above and beyond with his services. I would always forget to unlock my gate, but he would call and make an extra run out the next week to get the job done. The price is also great, for two dogs I paid $52 a month. To me it was worth it to have the job done, more time with my family and less time cleaning up.
5	Super nice and they gave me a great deal for a one time service. I would definitely use them again.
