2	Selection is ok, customer service was horrible. I have given them a few opportunities to earn my business. On two separate occasions I went there to purchase a firearm. I left with nothing and went to shooters vault to make my purchase. If they want to assume that I'm window shopping because I'm in my twenties then forget it. I'll spend my hard earned dollars else where. Not only did they lose out on my sale, but I've shared my experience with my LE and Military buddies. They all had similar experiences.
1	Dishonest dealers, stay away from this establishment like the plague. Always comes up with a different story and not versed in customer service.Go to Scottsdale Gun Club for professional service and great selection.
5	I needed to transfer family heirloom shotguns from AZ to our son in Missouri.  The people at Guns Plus couldn't have been more accomodating.  Ken and Kat were the two wonderful people who assisted me and they made the process quick and easy. They completely took away the hassle and run-around that I was experiencing from previous people I was trying to deal with. Customer Service?  As they were assisting me, they would continually greet people coming into the store saying with "sir, we'll be right with you.  Please feel free to look around."  Their Customer Service is excellent.  I don't know which store the other people who reviewed Guns Plus visited, but it couldn't have been this one.  Thank you Kat and Ken for a great experience.
5	Best gun store in Surprise! The competition doesn't compare to the prices and customer service.
4	Good selection, friendly staff. The prices were good, the item I was looking for was not only in stock, but on sale. They also had a great selection of used guns as well as new. I will definitely shop here again.
1	Worst retail gun shop experience of my life.  The impression i got is unless you're a cowboy action shooter or an established collector they really donation seem to give a crap if you have a positive experience or not..I have been inside this store on 5 occasions and in 4 of them have observed a customer belittled by a clerk who no matter what the customer said, had to prove that he was the dominant person in the conversation.  In short this shop is manned by the most condescending group of gun people I've ever met.so unless you're a collector or a cowboy action shooter, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!Preppers not welcome.
1	I walked into this store today WITH CASH to buy a pistol. (Preferably a glock 26, but I was open to several others as well.) I had been here once before and had a good experience with a lady who was very helpful. I was excited to give my business to this local gun shop. So today I walk up to the guy and told him my first choice. He said, "Nope we don't have any, you should have came in a month ago when we had those on sale." I then asked him when they would get more. He replied "I don't know, but if I order you one I can't get you that price." Now I have been doing my research on this and I knew of several other shops that offered 499.00 for a gen 3 brand new. But since I wanted to save myself the drive of going into phoenix or Glendale I was perfectly fine with paying a little more. So I asked him what the price of them was now. And instead of answering my question he repeated "You should have came in here a month ago when we had them on sale." The guy then backed up and started talking with another employee. I thought he would get back to me but instead he and the other employee started to walk away towards the back as they laughed. After that I walked out, WITH MY CASH.Is this really customer service? Is this really salesmanship? I should have been an easy sale for these guys. I was ready to buy with cash! I didn't even get to ask this guy if they had the other ones I was interested in. I would say I'm in a bad mood, but it's hard to be after you just bought a new pistol. Yes I made the drive and took my business elsewhere. And no, I did not buy my first choice. Instead I bought my second choice that I did not get to see if guns plus had. If I were the owner I would say you have a nice shop, but I would be concerned about the idiot you have working there.
5	Purchased a Beretta 92FS from them and it a great experience. They were honest with great prices and took care of all the paperwork in 20 minutes.
