1	This shop is a sham! I paid $150 + for a medium and a small wedding bouquet. I asked to pay for a floral arrangement that I found on their website. The lady (owner) I spoke with said yes I would get the entire arrangement turned into a bouquet and I paid an extra $30 for the small one. When I received my bouquets on my wedding day they looked as if a 6 year old picked some flowers out of a field and put some flower tap around it. I received about 15 flowers between the two bouquets. When I called the store to complain the owner proceed to yell at me on the phone saying I knew what I was ordering and that she is "the master florist." she then hung up on me and refused to answer any other calls I tried to make that day to the shop. I never write bad reviews but when I am treated the way she treated me everyone needs to know how bad they are. NEVER BUY FROM HERE!
1	If I could give no stars I would. This flower shop is taking advantage of people. My friend was getting married in Vegas and she is from Miami. She found a flower arrangement onthe website that she liked an asked the owner if she could turn that bouquet for her wedding day. The owner said no problem said it would be 150. Fast forward to the wedding day. We promptly picked up the flowers that were delivered to my friend at the front desk at the MGM. First when my friend saw it she started crying her bouquet was maybe 10 flowers in total and her maid of honor bouquet no lie had 6 flowers in it. She could have worn it as a corsage. Second this florist left her bouquets there with no water tubes or any water for that matter. Maybe I mean maybe she could have called the bride and said btw I am not leaving the flowers in water so atleast the bride could place them in water until the wedding. Third the bride called and expressed her concerns to the florist she started YELLING at the bride and made sure to tell her that she was a master florist. She could have fooled me. I mean soo unprofessional. On top of that stopped taking our calls after she HUNG UP on the bride. I was completely flabbergasted at the unprofessional manner in which she handled her business. NEVER USE them Brides!!!
1	I ordered flowers, a bear, and chocolates for my wife for our anniversary (from FTD). The flowers that were delivered were half dead. The bear looked as if it was picked up at the dollar store with the eyes glued to the top of the head - threads hanging off every seam - and strands of dried glue strung across the surface near the hands, feet, and nose where there was a piece of cheap felt glued on. The chocolates came in a flimsy plastic heart-shaped container (that was broken) that, again, looked as if it had come from the dollar store. The "chocolates" were actually an assortment of those little strawberry hard candies, cheap chocolate coins, and other similar novelty candies - not the Ethel-M, Sees, or Godiva chocolates that you would expect for the price. I called to complain that I did not get what I paid for. The lady on the phone was very helpful. She sent out a replacement arrangement the next day. Sadly, the same company delivered. My wife went to the reception area in her office to pick up the replacement arrangement, bear, and chocolates. The delivery person demanded that she return the items that she had received the day before. She told them that she gave them to her husband to return (I was planning on returning them myself the same day). So, the delivery person said sorry, and took the replacement arrangement back!!! I called FTD the same day and got a full refund.
5	I stopped in here today with a good friend of mine simply looking for one single beautiful flower that matched my dress to tuck behind my ear. We were so graciously greeted by The shop owner Sarah! She is a wonderful Italian woman and was so lovely and kind to us. Her shop is equipped with a large freezer full of fresh beautiful flowers and she was extremely helpful even though we needed just one little flower!! It was a great experience. We love Sarah!!!
1	If I could use zero stars I would, I'd love to put the comparison pictures up for you to see the comparable difference of what was ordered vs what was delivered. (Can't seem to figure out where to put up the picture) I am & everyone around me is shocked with the arrangement I received & what was ordered, not to mention I had no local number to call because they didn't put my private message in an envelope, which would have had their number on it (according to teleflora.com customer service). So I had the sender complain to teleflora.com & after many emails later. They were able to send another arrangement back out. HOWEVER, they delivered them to my office on a Saturday, when they clearly delivered them to my office the first time, most private offices are closed on the weekends. I ask the delivery guy who called me on Saturday, to deliver them on  Monday when I am back in the office. Well, I waited until noon on Monday when I hadn't received my flowers,  I called the delivery guy back to find out what time he would be back to my office to delivery the flowers he attempted to deliver on Saturday & he asked that I called the office because he didn't have my delivery. I called them after he gave me the florist info & asked when my flowers were going to be delivered & she told me they were delivered & I proceeded to tell her that I didn't get the new arrangement that were going to replace my original order. & she said that she wasn't going to send out new ones until I was to pay for the delivery of $10 again, because I wasn't there in the first place. I told her I was the recipient of the flowers & I wasn't the one who messed the order up in the first place. I proceeded to tell her that we didn't get what was ordered comparable or value wise. She started yelling at me, or raising her voice at me, telling me that they were comparable. I also told her I showed everyone in my office the difference in what was ordered & what was received didn't look or value in the same way. She yelled & said that she wanted more $$ before I was going to get what was ordered & proceeded to hang up on me. Oh I forgot to mention they spelled my name wrong twice, I have the original order & it was spelled correct. So all in all this company doesn't need my business or yours for that matter.
1	Stopped in today...both doors locked with open sign lit. Lady came out to open. I walk in, say "I want something small, for a friend, to apologize, like $8 or something." She immediately stops me, says we don't have anything that cheap, minimum we charge is $35. I point to some Lillies in a pot, and say "what about throwing one of those together with another...." Immediately stops me and says "no, a single rose is $7" I walk out. The end. (I can go to ANY other florist, pick one or 2 stems of some spring flower, (let's say, a sunflower, and a gerber daisy, and the florist will wrap it up with a sprig of baby's breath or something and boom... Instant small arrangement for less than $10..) NOT this place.
1	What we ordered from Teleflora was nowhere close to what my Mother in Law received for Mother's Day!!!  It was an embarrassing bouquet!
