5	Over 150 choices of beer from over 30 countries...the type of bar that has been needed in the downtown area for a while! Atmosphere is great and the food is awesome.
5	Came on a game night, you can literally stumble out of here and fall into the Centre Bell. They have over 150 beers to choose from and the staff totally knows their stuff. The food was great (red curry mussels, YUM!) and the entire menu comes with beer recommendations for every option. The fact that we were able to get a table for 4 on a Saturday game night was astounding and better yet, we were met with zero attitude from the hostess which I was expecting and were told that they actually had 3 floors to accommodate people. I will definitely be back here as there is literally something for everyone, the food was tasty and the portions were ample. Loved the brick decor and all of the red: great space with a private room should you want to hold an event here as well.
3	Great selection of beer, convenient downtown location, ample seating, what's not to love right? Well, a few things. I teeter-tottered between two and three stars for Bier Markt for awhile. Ultimately, it arrives at three because I'll go back.  The Good:Great beer selection, Plenty of taps, plenty of bottle choices, great menu for those not familiar. Also, they even do beer pairing recommendations! The menu, is well rounded, and has great lunch choices. The ambiance is fantastic. On paper, this is a great lunch spot. A nice touch is the correct use of appropriate glasses for the various styles of beer. Good prices on most things in bottle. Free coat check during winter.The Bad:Consistency and speed. Lunch rushes are always hard on a new establishment, and it shows. Unlike it's Ontario brethren, the kitchen was slow. Being seated at the bar, the bar tender was attentive, friendly, warm. Much to offset the nearly 35-45 minute wait for anything coming out of the kitchen, Alas, when over half an hour had passed without seeing a french fry, I inquired, and was informed it was typical for 40+ minute waits for the kitchen. 40 minutes? Downtown? For lunch? Eek, for a place perfect to catering to the businessman lunch, that hour is a hard time constraint.  As to consistency, personally my fries we're perfect, my burger over cooked (I'm not a fan of well-done), my companion however received under-seasoned fries, but a nice medium burger.  I'll chalk this up to a kitchen that's behind, and that to being young. Given the wait, result, and price, it's disappointing. TL;DR, Issues, Pricey,  but the beer selection and prospect of greatness will make me revisit Bier Markt, and this review in the future. Skip it for now if you're trying to get in an hour lunch break, or get there early.
4	As my first experience at a Bier Markt(Yes, it's a chain!) I don't have any major complaints about the restaurant. The staff, very friendly and professional. The ambiance, loud! The background music was being covered by the voices of the clients.. So a bit too much noise in the background for my taste.  The food in general was fantastic! Served warm, average size portions, not too small and not overly big.. Simply perfect! Nicely presentable as well. The varieties of beers is fantastic, yet overwhelming! 50+ varieties of beer, which one to choose? Ask the waitresses and they will guide you quite nicely. This is not a pub, a bar or a place to chill. This is an upscale restaurant with authentic food from Belgium. Again not a single complaint about the food or the staff. What's the VERY disappointing part of my entire experience? The parking! An absolute NIGHTMARE!. Why? Well the restaraunt does not have it's own parking lot or valet. So they offer you to park at the Sheraton(Next door) and show them that you went to the restaurant and the hotel will parking cost in half. Not quite! The parking costed me $30(For two hours!) And the parking staff refused to give me a discount, regardless of what the restaurant had told me. Yes, I showed them proof I was a client at the restaurant and the parking staff said( Sorry, we can't do anything about it.. $30 please!) Unless you're VERY curious about this restaurant, or willing to walk a bit by having to take the metro or bus.. Find another place where parking is accessible and a good value as well. The whole parking situation really turned me off. Consider the manager of the restaurant only said "Sorry you experienced that, we will talk with the parking staff" Ok, but where's my discount?! I was suppose to pay(Told by the restaurant) $10.00 NOT $30.00. Think wisely before you go here.
4	Really enjoyed this place, I had a delicious lobster fondu which was rich and tasty. The beer selection is overwhelming but they have a sampler for 20 dollars which was a good choice to savour a variety of  delicious beers, and then next time you will have an idea of what to order. Stay away from their flammekueches, its dry, un-flavourful and sad. Steak is meh. You come here for the beer, so maybe stick with appetizers or the fondu.
5	Be forewarned - This is a chain of restaurants popular in the Toronto area, yet they are expanding to different markets across Canada.Each restaurant has menu items and beers that are popular to their markets.You really can't go wrong with a location that boasts over 150 beers available in bottle or draft. Ironically - the one beer that I really wanted: Steamwhisle,  was not yet available.So there are a lot of great beers here to be had. This isn't your run of the mill drinking hole as beers like the Brewdog Tokyo Stout will run you a cool 45$ for a pint. But, the chance to drink a 18% stout must be truly amazing.The location is perfect. located on Rene-Levesque steps away from major offices, The Sheraton Hotel and Bell Center; Bier Markt will certainly attract a crowd of people on any night.I went for a business lunch and ordered their Carver Sandwich. A nice roast beef sandwich on a bun with some fries. Not too pricey at all for a downtown lunch - easily in the 15$ range. My lunch partner had told me how he was there opening week and the service was slow and unorganized. So much so that their party had their meals+drinks comped. Our visit was 2 weeks after the opening and it was an overall a good experience. Our waitress was very friendly and she knew her menu and gave proper recommendations for pairings. I'll certainly be back - After all, I'm still waiting to enjoy a pint of Steamwhistle
4	From a wide variety of beers from all over the world to famous Central European cuisine , everything is tasty about this beautifully decorated restaurant ...
3	Average food over priced. Chicken wings were dry. Ny strip was par.  Not worth 34$. One of the mussels came dry with no sauce and one came with sauce. The best part of my meal was my market salad appetizer.  Service was OK.  I like a guy who is quick on his feet and can cover a mistake with a joke, but when it's several mistakes, I'm not impressed. My friend had to ask for a spoon for her soup. My friend was missing a beer and I had to ask for a steak knife for my steak. They didn't even remove my appetizer dishes until my meal came.  No one came to ask how everything was after being served our main course. All in all. I would come back for drinks but not for their food.
3	Pretty good place, great location, over 150 different beers!!!!We were a large group unfortunately things were disorganized people were done eating the pork while others had not been served. I received my soup after I was done eating main course. I ordered dessert and never received it and it took over 20 min to get a beer you ordered...It's a nice experience but cost around 115$ for 2 beers, main course and a soup so the value was not really there for that amount. I am going back for lunch next week hopefully the a la carte menu is better
1	While the ambiance and beer selection are exquisite, the service definitely leaves something to be desired. The beer menu is very impressive, and the pairings are helpful. The problem is in the service. We had to ask for water twice, and not enough was delivered for our full party. Not once did they come around offering refills. We were a party of 18, two of the orders were mistaken and neither time did the staff offer to switch it. The service was already slow and we were in a rush, so we didn't bother insisting. I ordered a salad on the menu but asked them to make it "vegan" (no meat or dairy). It was a 20$ salad, my two friends next to me ordered the same. Our plates were all the very same size, and in the end we were all charged the same amount...despite me having half of what my two friends received. The waiter also short-changed me in the end, acknowledged that he did, then disappeared. Additionally, my cousin was charged for one beer that was never delivered. This could have been avoided had they asked even once if we were satisfied. If there is a specific and exotic beer you'd like to try, go to beermarkt. If you are looking for food and service that reflect such a high markup--go anywhere but.
2	I went there for the first time for dinner a few weeks after their grand opening. The place itself and ambiance is fantastic.Amazing beer selection. They have so many to offer, you can't be disappointed. Down side for me was the food. We ordered the Merchant Kobe burger and the Chicken Flammekueche. To make the story short, in both dishes I found hard pieces within the meat, which I couldn't identify, probably cartilage. I'm not being pretentious, but the hard pieces found in the burger were literally pebbles. We then spoke with the manager and he offered us a second Kobe burger, but we refused. Unfortunately, I had already lost my appetite. He offered us two desserts. He also mentioned he didn't have any quality control over the meat. Not cool.At least, desserts were good.For what we were paying, the quality of the meat wasn't worth it. I understand they're new to the markt!, but they definitely need to change up a few things.
3	I was very eager to try out this place. I definitely was more interested in the beer from all over the world aspect of this visit to Bier Market but I also ordered and tried out their food. I had ordered the NY strip steak salad which was quite interesting it contained potatoes, green beans, and tomatoes and what seemed to be a very small sized steak all cut up. I don't find it was worth the price but it was alright. My friends had ordered other dishes mostly steak and were satisfied. Except one of them had ordered her steak well done and the waiter and chef gave her a hard time and criticized the way she wanted it cooked, it also was sent back the first time around because it was undercooked. Besides the food this place is magical when it comes to their beer selection. I am a creature of habit so when I first ordered the Dieu du Ciel Rose Hibiscus beer brewed here in Montreal  I fell instantly in love and kept asking for another. My brother kept ordering different beers and I'd have a taste and some were very interesting. One example is Chocolate beer yup I said it chocolate beer! It was very different but tasty. I would definitely return to try out more beers some sound very appealing!
4	The hosts at the front door had no idea how long it would be for a wait and were too busy chatting amongst themselves to really entertain the idea to sit us. Once we were in however the good was great and the beer selection is unreal. We sat at the bar which over looked the appetizer chefs. Wow they are sure composed and made us feel confident of the level of professionalism that we would come to expect from the kitchen. Also had a good live band. If they figured out the hosting and had them actually do what is expected I would have given it a 5 star experience.
4	Went for a quick lunch during a busy day! Good service.I took the Schnitzel sandwich-gauffre that was excellent!
4	Came in after a terrible Habs vs. Rangers loss, it's right across the street and super convenient. It is spacious and accommodating, the beer options are endless, which at times can get a little nerve-wrecking. The food was delicious, my friend and I ordered a few appetizers to share. Between the chicken wings, smoked meat poutine, and mini burgers, the first two were a hit and totally memorable! Now, on to the beers, what I really enjoyed was the 20$ beer tasting options. You can choose from European, Quebecois, and IPA, and you'll get 6 assorted beers with an indicator of where to start. It's a pretty great deal, I had the European and IPA, and enjoyed them thoroughly.
5	Bier Markt has now become my goto spot for team lunches and business lunches. The new menu that was introduced on May 21st brings some great new dishes. Specials of the day tend to sell out quickly, so if your a little late for lunch - you may miss out.
3	Great beer selection (although imported beers are not cheap): they had delirium tremmens and hoegaarden on tap. the service was not very fast but the bar was packed, which might explain the speed. The food was pretty good.
4	Fun, yummy and casual. Beers were interesting, food was a little pricey but tasty. We ordered short rib poutine, Je me souviens flight of beers, Congo mussels and the burger and a few other beers. Of everything, the burger was least impressive. Friendly service.
4	Go for the beer, not for the food. Food was good enough (not great) and we had a happy service experience, but I can see how some of the other reviewers' could have had poor service. Overall, a little chaotic, but again they have an extensive beer list, and the bartender gave good advice for our selections.
5	Ok It might be a bit expensiveBut they do have some great beers from around the world.And I tried one of their Flammekueche and I have to say that it was just great and a decent size too.For 20$ you can get a beer tasting of 6 different brews and that's worth it !Lots of Tvs to watch the games during the world cup or some popular sports events, great service and... Well that's already a lot.
3	Pretty good.  We had a group of over 20 people and they were able to keep the service level pretty high.I'm not a beer drinker, so I stuck with Caesars... They were very good!  The pre-ordered appetizer plates that they brought out were good.  I liked the hot wings the best.  I ordered the bacon poutine and wasn't blown away though.  The gravy was just far too salty to really enjoy.I'm sure we'll go back for work functions, and I'll be happy with that.  But it's probably not something that i will suggest.
3	First spot we hit up in Montreal.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful being that we weren't from Canada.  Service was good.  We had appetizers and drinks.   Poutine tour was very good.
4	Though I was initially thrown off by the pricing, the food quality, ambiance and location work together to justify the price. PROs:- Attention to detail:  from toasting buns to homemade BBQ sauce, the subtle things come together to create a burger that's better than the sum of its parts- Special hot plate kept my burger warm (a detail special enough to merit it's own bullet)- Great location for downtown bar hopping- $20 beer sampler turnstile- Service was 10/10 fast & friendlyCONs- Location alone adds 15%-20% to the price tag. I would be a regular if they managed to bring the pricing down to Les 3 Brasseurs' level outside the downtown core.- Others at the table complained about mussels' "fishy-ness." Not having ever tried mussels, all I can testify to is that they stank up the table.OVERALL- Upgraded pub food at an upgraded price
2	I would really really like to give this place more than 2 stars.The location is great and I'd love for this to be our go-to restaurant before a show - avoiding overpriced and terrible ribs served a few steps away from there. Perfect spot for after work drinks with groups or a quick eat before a hockey game - I wouldn't say it's a date-night restaurant.Although my evening started off with a great note, perfect greeting and awesome recos for beer choices by our waiter, the rest was quite a bummer. I ordered the mussels from their vast and appealing menu, thinking this would be a sure bet. But the mussels were not cooked enough. Some were still fishy, too soft, and many had not had time to open. I also believe that the loads of garlic and onions that were thrown in there were raw. Raw garlic and onions, really? Basically, the entire thing just wasn't cooked! Moreover, service quickly became overwhelmed and disorganized, and we just lost our server...I will say I appreciated that they did not charge me for the mussels I did not eat, and the rest of the dishes looked delish - burgers, salads, poutines... So I will probably be giving this place a second chance, but I definitely won't be ordering mussels !!
5	Love this place! Food, beer and service is perfect. The band and DJ are making a great ambiance.
4	Pricey but really nice place for after-work drinks with friends. This place is all about the beer but I was starving when I got there so I ordered the flat bread prosciutto pizza. It had a crispy base and was topped with shredded cabbage, pickles, tomatoes, and meat. Yum yum!
4	Been here several times and enjoyed my experience each time. The wait staff were very attentive and friendly. I tried a few things on the menu, was decent but no wow factor. Nice ambiance, live bands, great beer, and love their oyster specials.
1	This is a bit tough to review because for the most part I enjoyed myself at Bier Markt, until later that evening when I got sick.   Unfortunately food poisoning is an automatic 1 star in my books. First the good.   The building is very nice. Its a new construction with a very classy retro interior, although their enthusiasm for all things Belgian is over the top (more on that later). We were seated on the second floor near the staircase.   They have 150 different types of beer, 30 or so on tap and the menu is really good about explaining the beers and providing food pairing suggestions.   A great place for those of us who support beer getting the same love as wine or scotch.   Our server was also very friendly and helpful, and food was delivered in a timely matter (too timely as it turned out).  We started by sharing a short rib Poutine that was excellent and for a main my girlfriend had a flammekouch (a pizza esque creation) that she said was excellent.   I went for the very Belgian moules frites in a white wine and shallot sauce.  Very promising.Now the bad.  When I mentioned the food came too quick, it was because quite a few of the mussels were undercooked.   I am not a mussel connoisseur and I already had a couple of beers in me so I didn't really notice at first, I thought they were just really fresh.  When my girlfriend tried a couple she noticed the undercookedness, by which point it was too late.  Fortunately I have a tough stomach but two days later I am still feeling a bit nauseated.  It happens that sometimes a couple of mussels are not cooked but to have almost half of them is no good.  One last comment is that they are disturbingly enthusiastic about the peeing boy statue.  There is a giant replica on the front of the place and another overlooking the stairs, which have the statue pointed over your head, a tad creepy.Its too bad that my experience ended the way it did because this place actually is pretty good, just avoid the mussels.
4	I wish I lived in Toronto or Montreal, the selection is great!
4	My wife and I recently visited this place while spending a week in Montreal. We loved it - took beer sampler and tried different brews of beers. They also have a great Poutine - gooey french fries full of cheesy and bacon goodness.  Probably loaded with calories, but oh, was it good... They pronounce it over there as [poot'seen].  A must-try ... at least we loved it. It is fairly expensive, and we had to wait longer than we would expect.  However it did not appear to be a systematic thing - there was a huge group which kept our waitress on her toes.
4	Love this place. This place just happens to reside next to our hotel. Lots of beers on tap. Tons of bottled beers. The beer menu gives you an extensive description of beers. Food wise.  We only tried the charcuterie plate. While it was good.  It probably wasn't the best cured meats I've tasted.  Solid. But just not mind blowing amazing.  The beers we tried were really good.  Being in Canada. I stuck with mostly Canadian beers and all of them were really really good. Service was great. Waitress was super friendly and accommodating to our large group of rowdy guys.
4	- tons of beer selection, really a treat- food was very good... Very high class pub, balanced menu- band was really good. Rock / jazz fusion - decor is modern and sexyrecommend
1	Food is absolutely not up to par for Montreal. Service is horrible. Been waiting 25 min already for our bill! Skip this place
2	Beer was good but the food was cold. I'm not one to complain but cold food is turn off. They re made both plates which I appreciate, but my husband finished eating his before mine showed up. Annoying. With so many great places in Montreal, we will not be going back
4	Very knowledgeable waitstaff who really knows their beers. If you're not sure what you like, they can make suggestions or even have you try a few to be sure. The cheese platter is delicious: go for the 5 option! You really can't go wrong. This is a great share plate. I was here on a Thursday from 4 PM to 8 PM and it was incredibly loud; couldn't have a conversation without yelling at the top of my lungs. So that was slightly unpleasant but if that's what you're looking for, you're in the right place!
5	Ended up eating here three times in two days to work through the menu. The spaetzle chicken soup and bread was great--tasted homemade. Veal schnitzel was probably my favorite item on the menu. Don't let the 20-30 year old nightclub vibe intimidate you, the staff is welcoming and the food is good. Proost!
5	After a rough day of exploring Montreal in the cold and pouring rain, dodging tourist traps and finding every restaurant in the area closed or closing, we came across this gem.  "The name means Beer Store in German." I told my girlfriend.  "Well it looks like people are eating upstairs" she said.  "Let's check it out!" we said in unison.The place was really busy but we found a seat at the bar.  The Canadiens game was on all the TVs and the crowd was really into it.  As hockey fans, we really enjoyed the atmosphere.  The bartender was very attentive and helpful, as was the menu, which quite literally doubled my beer knowledge as I read through the pages.  It was a very helpful way to present the 150 beer options that they had and I found myself trying beers I've never had before.  The food was great, the highlight being the pastrami poutine which may have set the bar too high in comparison to other poutine we had in the city.  The beer can flammekueche was also great.  If you don't know what this is, (we didn't) it's a flat bread pizza or tarte flambee from the border of Germany and France.I highly recommend this place to anybody and everybody who likes beer and great food.
2	Came here for a late lunch and had their mussels and fries. It was really tasty, but the service wasn't that good even though it was not busy at all. It's a good location, but given the service, I'd probably look for another place for an afternoon beer.
3	Overall, a decent venue. Beer selection is fantastic, food & service are average. Prices are a bit high. Good atmosphere/energy to be in before a hockey game.We started with "Poutine Tour" which was tasty/fun, then had the Bouillabaisse and the Merchant (Wagyu Beef) Burger. The Bouillabaisse was missing some of the ingredients they had listed on the menu, though the flavour was good enough. The burger was served medium rare, which was pretty underdone for our taste, and we weren't advised that it would not be cooked through when we placed our order.
4	awesome food and ambience. love this place and all what it has!They have good food at good prices and I was surprised the day I went there their  oywsters special for $1. Awesome price and awesome service!
5	5 stars because  this is place is way more suitable  for the location  than the queue de cheval  restaurant  that  was there  before.  I am people  after  an amazing  hockey  game  want to  relax  by sipping on some  cold  beer  and chewing  frankfurters with  it and  not  spend  2k on a dinner for 3. So,  yeah  good work... Keep it up!
4	Bier Markt is a solid bar that brings diversity in the downtown beer consumption scene. The collection of beers on tap from all over the world is impressive and this is my main motivation to come back to this place. Particularly my favorite Fruli strawberry beer from Belgium. They also offer some local brews from the best producers as DDC. I love the informative menu that would provide all the possible details on the beer types, it is educative in fact. The bar is perfect spot for after game pint or two, but I would not recommend before the game as the happy hour business crowd is still dominating the space, not my vibe really. The pub is spacious and the bars offer comfortable seats, my preferred spot being on the second floor. I haven't really tried the food except for few snacks, the poutine is nothing to write for, but the chicken wings are spicy and will drink another pint for you. Service may be spotty depending on the time and day, but sitting on the bar offers safety, the bar tenders would always make sure your glass is full. Strawberry cheers!!!!
5	This was one of the best finds while in Montreal. I was with some friend and we were going to watch hockey at the Bell Centre, but wanted to get a few beers before the game. BM looks like a chain restaurant from the outside, but the food is really good quality and service is top notch. I suggest sitting on the first level either at the bar or in the back by the grill.We went twice in one day and the service was awesome both times. Get the charcuterie! I highly recommend the Serrano Ham, pate, and potted chicken liver mousse. They have a tremendous selection of beer. It seems like you really can't go wrong! There's an awesome tripel for only $5 although I can't remember the name. It's 9% alcohol. Ask for it.
