3	Made the mistake of coming here after a Hib's match and was welcomed by a bunch of "lads" who use the word "like" as a full stop.There are only 2 rules in Robbies1) There's an unofficial 5 drink minimum.2) You can't talk any quieter than 90 decibel 'sThe staff were friendly enough and tried to get round everyone as fast as possible. They are more like guards in a lunatic asylum than bartenders, letting the sly cheeky comments bounce off them as they try to do their jobs. I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt though, I just went in on a rough day.
3	This pub is right around the corner from the Hibernian stadium and so its often full of footie fans having a heavy session after a match.  I haven't witnessed it on one of these occassions, however, I went there for one drink before heading off to a club further up Leith Walk.  I would describe this as an 'old man' pub based upon that experience.  The place was very busy and loud, but nobody seemed even close to our age so we just had a pretty expensive drink and got out of there.  Seeing as it caters for an older clientele it has a wide range of cask ales and malt whiskey which seem to go down a treat with the locals.  I doubt I'll ever be in here again, but if you're in the area and fancy some 'real' booze then maybe this is the place for you.
3	It's been a long while since I decided to review a pub, so Robbies may have been a bit of a baptism of fire for me when I decided to review this place on a match day.I know this place is a Hibs pub, and the season isnt on any more, but I came in here during one of the world cup matches recently and was greeted by a massive bunch of Scottish footie fans yelling rude stuff to the ref and to the teams managers. Put it this way, I saw more pints get downed in here than I have ever seen in a pub, and I was only in here for the second half. It's more than a bit rough, but if football, obsenities and 32 pints are your thing - you may love it.
3	Robbie's - your typical footy loving, local, Leith boozer!  Now, I didn't think I'd really fit-in in a pub like this, with real Leith locals and footy fanatics, but on one of our Leith pub crawls - along came Robbie's, so I thought why not!  It was a bit daunting at first, but you know it's not all that bad in there!  It's a traditional pub with leather banquet seating, a great selection on draught and spirits, including a wheat beer on draught (my preferred liquid refreshment at the moment) a roaring open fire and the occasional dog!  It's a bit rough around the edges but then that's what I expected.More recently I went there for a mates birthday drinks, there was a big group of us, at least 20 and I was surprised how well the staff coped with us.  We managed to secured a long section of the pub and there was even cake (supplied by ourselves)! Sadly there's only one female toilet (which is the disabled toilet), I was told the female toilets are currently out of order and have been for a while, which on a busy Saturday night lead to cues outside the loo. I wouldn't rush back to Robbie's as I prefer the atmosphere of the neighbouring pub The Tourmalet which has a much better selection of wheat beers and has a more homely feel.
