1	This store has an unwelcome attitude towards non-Hispanic customers. Worst of all, they sell fruits that are rotten from the inside. Having to take a lot of Biology and Chemistry classes for my major, I am quite aware of various chemical smell, particularly preservatives which I have noticed on their oranges. I wouldn't doubt that they actually inject formaldehyde into their meat as well, since that distinct, smell is present on their meat.
4	Cuevas is one of Henderson's little secrets. You don't have to drive all the way to a Cardenas Market to find a good Mexican supermarket. I've been in here several times and despite being non-Hispanic, I've never encountered an attitude. What I have found is some excellent salsas and guacamole and they are reasonably priced to boot. Fresh chips also end up in the cart along with Mexican Coke more often than not. They have a very extensive meat section, and while I haven't tried the cafeteria it has tempted me more than once. I've also bought produce here and have not had any quality issues. I was trained by a group of Italians (6th generation produce sellers) back in Kansas City on how to shop for produce, so if there was a problem with their produce I would say something. They don't have bad produce here. They do have plenty of hot peppers of various kinds though that I like a little too much but they don't like me. It's a love / hate thing...anyway...In short it's 1/4 the size of Cardenas, but who needs size when they have the essentials for a good dinner and you don't have to drive for miles to get it? Getting carts in and out the doors is kinda awkward but that's about the only bad thing I can say about Cuevas. 4 Very Strong Stars
4	This was formerly "Los Compadres" grocery store. This hispanic grocery store is very clean and not overcrowded as some stores tend to be. They have a large butcher shop but the prices do seem a bit higher than most of the other large stores. Nice location to get some specialty Mexican items and decent cuts of meat.
5	Great selection and prices. Incredible chorizo made fresh in the store. Will be a regular customer from now on.
4	Formerly Los Compadres Meat Market #3, Cuevas Meat Market is one of our favorite spots to pick up some groceries and delicious premade foods. We used to only stop in for items when we were planning a BBQ, but Cuevas has become one of our go-to grocery shopping spots year round. You will find items at Cuevas you will not find in other, non-Hispanic grocery stores. Like guanabanas, plantains, yucca root and so on. (Disclaimer: I had no clue what a guanabana was, until I saw it at Cuevas, and googled it on my smartphone) The produce selection can be hit or miss, the prices are usually pretty low but sometimes that also means lower quality. Select your items carefully and you shouldn't be disappointed. In the back of the store there are delicious baked goods... the pineapple empanadas are my favorite. There is also a counter where you can order hot foods. We get the re-fried beans and Spanish rice from here often. Up front, near the produce, they have delicious pico de gallo and fresh guacamole at very reasonable prices. I don't think I have ever  gone to Cuevas and NOT gotten the guac. This review would be pointless if I failed to mention the meat, after all it IS a meat market. The pre-marinated steak and chicken are perfect for your summer BBQs, and they tend to have good prices on other meats as well. I am a rather pale 'gringo' that never gets anything but friendly service here. I may stick out like a sore thumb, but I am never treated like on at Cuevas Meat Market.
4	We love going to Cuevas for produce, and their prepared meat that they have in the back. Their pork is soooo delicious. Whenever I don't have the time to braise, make rice, and salsa, Cuevas is our go-to place for burrito/taco night.
5	I'm annoyed with myself I didn't go to this place sooner, as it's less than 10 minutes from our house.  The meat selection is fantastic, and I found the prices very fair for carne and chicken.  The produce selection is solid, and as other yelpers note, they carry some rarer items.  There is a bakery and a restaurant in the back with usual items.  I found the employees to be very friendly and even though I don't speak Spanish, I had no issues while shopping.  The butcher in particular offered a lot of suggestions and advice regarding how to cook various types of meat.There is a good selection of salsas, canned goods, and cheeses.  Very excited we finally found this place, and we intend to take full advantage of it.
5	My husband and I are LOVERS of New Mexican cuisine and really this is the best place to get the right supplies to make the good food.  The location is not exact to the address so drive around a bit and just look for the CUEVAS sign in a strip mall.  We went shopping there for supplies and ingredients for green chile stew, tamales, posole, and red chile sauce.  While there you can get lunch - freshly made tacos.  My husband had the carnitas and I had the carne asada these tacos are amazing.  Haven't had that great of tacos since Acapulco.  The butchers are fantastic and speak English well, so no issues there.  We also got a dozen red chile tamales to go.  YUM!  I highly recommend this spot for both authentic Mexican hot food and for all the ingredients needed to make a wonderful meal.  Enjoy!
4	Awesome place, Im able to find a host of Mexican products I grew up on and they sell prepared food as well. Im gonna be visiting this place more often. Reminds me of home.
5	Just an update on the address for your GPS: 524 S Boulder HWY Henderson, NV 89015-7512 (This should take you to the door/parking lot) whereas the 530 address takes you to nothing.  Enjoy!
5	THE BEST FOOD IN THE VALLEY HANDS DOWN! I have been searching for years and I have finally found it. I have never had anything that I did not love. I don't even care about the groceries, I go straight for the restaurant in the back! One of the reasons, I can't move from Henderson is because Cuevas will be too far away. Cannot be beat!!!!!!
5	The best carne asada and pollo asada ever!  Along with the Mexican crema (sour cream with a kick), great bbq dinner.  Great concha in the back.
3	I like the place but am a little concerned.  Today, 9/19/14 I used my debit card.  I swiped normally on the customer counter and she asked if it was a debit.  I said yes and she took my card and swiped it on a machine next to her cash register and told me to enter my PIN.  I did but was bothered by the double swipe.  I had heard stories of personal machines used to steal debit card #'s and pins.  Hope I didn't screw up.
4	Seriously... the best place on Boulder to get legit Mexican food. I always get the chile relleno and ceviche . They have really good quality meats. I also love love love the juices . I had the pineapple juice last time , and it's great! Great fruits and veggies quality and selection. Very clean and presentable too!
4	I love this little hidden secret!   Spices, veggies, and a small eating area for freshly made yummies!   Be sure to get some tamales to go!  They freeze well and are made with white corn!  They are small, but tasty.
