5	I have chronic pain issues and find it difficult to allow myself to relax and benefit from the massage. Seth is great and has truly helped me to feel better. It's a wonderful atmosphere, very clean and comfortable. The staff is very good and you will get very individualized attention.They ask about your concerns and try to address you problem areas. I absolutely recommend them to everyone. Reasonable price,very nice people.
5	Great massages at great prices!
4	Good massage, nice environment and professional staff. I'll return to this business in the future.
4	I gave this place a try because coworkers LOVED their chair massages.  I can see why.  I had the Hot Stone massage and I am extremely pleased.  They are super friendly, ask questions so they know what areas to concentrate on or avoid and did a great job.
5	I found this place when I was located in Madison several years ago, but unfortunately have moved away about two years ago. Ever since I've moved away, I look forward to the summers when I'm willing enough to return to Madison and always book a massage here when I do.From my first massage to my most recent one last week, Seth has done an amazing job at being friendly, helping me relax, using the right pressure, and never cutting edges with time or services. I've had a regular massage, hot stone massage, body wrap, and body scrub. Whatever you're looking for, call up Seth for a friendly and convenient booking at good prices, an excellent 5-star massage that I haven't found elsewhere, and a relaxing time that you won't regret.
5	Bergamot Massage is a GEM of a find in Madison.  It is a locally owned business with caring, compassionate massage therapists who really understand how to use massage in a holistic way.  Seth is my usual therapist, and for a yoga teacher with a persnickity body, he's a treasure.  Sometimes I go for a therapeutic session, sometimes for just a relaxation. He always meets me where I am, as he is really THAT good.  He takes the time to understand what is going on with you as a WHOLE and works with your body.  He is kind, friendly, professional, and I can't recommend him enough. On top of everything they have a cute boutique, which is a great place for a gift.  Give a gift certificate to someone you love, they will LOVE IT:)
