5	Very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, dog friendly ( my dog got a water bowl,) lives up to the name of being a coffee shop.
5	Great atmosphere and even better coffee! I was in for the first time the other day and will definitely be back. Best coffee in North Phoenix hands down!
5	great coffee...great/fresh food.....great owners....great atmosphere....love this place!
5	I highly recommend this coffee shop!  Owners are amazing and pay close attention to customer service. The only difficult part is deciding on which Al-Pachino you want lol lol
5	Owner consistently monitoring progress of this newer venue. Fresh, well-made wraps and fair prices!!!
3	I was excited to get a new coffee place in the neighborhood, but the experience was just OK. The coffee was good, but not great. The breakfast menu didn't have anything really exciting that grabs your attention.  The menu boards are hard to read.  Hopefully it will get better over time.
5	Went for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised! We got an iced mocha and a vanilla latte. Both were delicious with no bitterness. We also got the biggest blueberry scone I've ever seen and it was also excellent. I received very good customer service as well. We will be back! Highly recommend.
4	Cute place and a great atmosphere!  I got an iced Rolo (a mocha with caramel).  It was super tasty.  The employee that helped us was very friendly.   Definitely will be back!
5	Great local coffee spot, superb coffee.  They have great selection of coffee and different varieties if decaf.  Always fast friendly  service. Doggy drinks as well.  Would definitely recommend for a quick get and go or sit and have a relaxing cup of Joe. We usually stop in our way home from our long bicycle ride on the weekends.
5	Nice clean place has a variety of coffee to choose from always a paper to read highly recommend this place
3	Was in the area for a class and wanted to get something to eat that was on the healthier side. It was a cute little coffee shop. They have the create your own sandwich/wrap option which I love since I am a vegetarian. I was disappointed in the size of my sandwich since I did not get any meat. They didn't seem to add any more veggies than are put on a sandwich with meat. I do have to say that this is a common complaint of mine no matter where I go.  I pay the same price as I would if there was meat on the sandwich yet get a much smaller one because they don't think about adding just a few more vegetable. That being said the sandwich was good, many options to choose from as far as what to put on your sandwich. I would return if I was in the area again. I would just make sure to ask for more veggies! I would have given more stars had they gone above and beyond my past experience of most restaurants.
5	Best coffee in the valley! I'm picky being from the PNW and was so happy to have found this place. They know their coffee.  Everyone is so friendly here and they actually remember me at both locations. I highly recommend this place.
4	The coffee well let's just say a 10 out of 10 in this department. Staff are a thesaurus of info as it pertains to area and menu.
