4	This new Chinese Restaurant just opened in Waterloo, so it's early days yet.  They speak Mandarin, not so much Cantonese or English, but are helpful.  Tried the Spicy Chicken with Rice special and it was quite tasty, not too spicy, but had a good kick.  Service was fast but I was the only person in the restaurant.  They're working on their cash register, so I had to pay by cash, they didn't have debit working yet.  The restaurant is located in the same plaza as Starbucks at King and University.
4	4 stars for the food.3 stars for the staff being helpful.We had the sweet and sour pork on rice. Pork was cooked perfectly but the sauce could have been more sour in my opinion. We also had the spicy and sour noodle soup which was delicious--my husband couldn't stop eating it! I would eat here again.
5	The food was great and huge portions. The service is great.
5	Greatest Chinese restaurant in KW so far. The manager is very friendly and it does feel like home :-)
4	I thought this place would be sketchy based on the exterior of the restaurant but my worries got alleviated when I went inside. The place is actually quite clean and feels very homey. I ordered the General Tso Chicken Lunch Special, and asked for extra vegetables to be added in. They did it without question and with no extra charge. It really does feel like home.The portions they give are very large as well.4/5
5	Small family owned chinese restaurant. The female manager and owner really tries hard to cater to the needs of every customer even though her english is not superb. I have witnessed times when students were unable to pay due to credit card malfunctions and the owner kindly asked that they pay the next time they visit. Not something you see everyday.As for the food,It is traditional restaurant Chinese food. For the price it's fairly good and they also deliver which is a plus. The special deal lunch menu is available throughout the day and for about 8 dollars you do get a lot of meat and or veggies and rice. I would advise trying the general tao chicken. I've asked to personalize dishes such as adding more veggies to the dish and they generously did with no additional costs.The ambiance is very clean and well maintained.For a family owned restaurant that it is. It's the best that it gets.
