3	Oh, man, I really like El Pollo Loco most of the time. If I feel like eating a ton, I'll have the Ultimate Pollo Bowl with sweet potatoes and a churro. If I like being healthy, I get the salad with a ton of the guac salsa instead of dressing. That versatility is something I love about this place, especially bc most other fast food places fail in that regard. Having said that, this Pollo Loco has been somewhat inconsistent for me. There've been time where I've gotten food from them and it's been perfect EPL: good, moist chicken and delicious salsa. But the last two times I've been there I've gotten OK food... almost to the point of it being bad. Still, the majority of times I've been there it's been great, so I haven't written them off just yet...
3	In a pinch, we swung into El Pollo Loco for a quick bite last night. The restaurant was very clean and the menu was easy to navigate. I settled on the Citrus Mango Tostada salad. The plate consisted of a fried taco shell salad bowl ( which was absolutely delicious), lettuce, tomoato, sour cream, rice, beans, mango salsa, a citrus vinegarette and 1/4 avocado. My meal was fresh and delicous - I really couldn't stop eating it. It was light and didn't leave me feeling like I just consumed heavy Mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised, and we'll be back :)
3	Muy bueno pollo y carne!
4	its been over a year since I've had this pollo! I dont eat fast food often but when I do I make sure to take advantage of the coupons which is what  brought mein today! I got an 8piece chicken w/ tortillas and the mango chicken tostada all for around $11. their chicken is still bomb.com (is that saying still used? bomb.com) ahahhahah!anywho, make sure to try   their green salsa made with avocados.
5	Always super friendly staff.... I always use the drive thru and they are speedy and get everything correct. The grilled corn is yumm-o  the BRC Burrito is a good choice as well.... Guacamole is very good.
1	I went there for lunch. 6/24/14  1:35 PMThe counter girl, Liz, was charming young lady, smiling, polite and a great example of customer service.I had a the three piece combo, two breasts and a wing, mashed potatoes and corn on cob for sides, it comes with a small drink. $8.49. The service, at the counter, was great. If it was based on this, 4 stars.The food was good. If it was based on this, 3 stars.The restaurant was a mess. The ice dispenser on the soda machine had dumped all it's ice into the tray and onto the floor (it took awhile for that much ice to be dispensed). Since it's around a blind corner, I'm surprised no one was injured rounding the corner and slipping on the ice. It was a slip and fall suit, waiting to happen.  Every napkin dispenser in the place was empty. And there wasn't a clean table in the place, looked for the least dirty one. Did I mention it wasn't busy here?What's the manager doing? Milling about smartly, behind the counter, basically accomplishing nothing, oblivious to everything going on around him. He's standing two feet away from two empty napkin dispensers, that were already open, with a new package of napkins next to them, did he fill them, no. Did he go into the restaurant to see the ice everywhere or the dirty tables, no. Whereas Liz was the epitamy of customer service, the manager was the antithesis of customer service. When a manager reaches the point they feel they are above their crew, no longer a part of the team, too good to assist with the work, disinterested in the condition of their store, they are no longer effective.This is an unusual situation for me, where I would have given two more stars, had I used the drive-thru, instead of going into the store. My work truck is too big for the drive-thru, so that's not an option.Okay, I'm done ranting. I just expect a place I'm eating at, to be clean. Possible exception a picnic, but even then I bring a clean blanket, if there's no table.
3	When there are more employees than customers, service should be excellent. Food was great, the problem was I waited 10 minutes for refill on salsa counter. Most everything empty.
5	Very consistent, always fresh hot chicken burritos.  Salsa is excellent, fresh and well spiced.  I go out of my way to go to this location.
