2	Egads! Even at outlet prices this place is still too posh posh for me! I always get so amused by the Fanged-Pigs at the Santana Row Location in San Jose that I had to poke my head in to see if there was anything worth splurging on. Nope... Unless you want to buy a pair of flaming pointy heels in a funky leather!
5	1) Nicest salespeople in the world. I don't mean hovering over your shoulder and asking to take your things to your fitting room every 5 seconds. Just people who are cool, young, constantly make jokes, and are helpful to your shopping. 2) Only Ted Baker outlet in the country.3) Wide variety of styles that aren't crappy. Most of the other high-end stores at this outlet have way worse and way more boring stuff than normal (Theory, I'm looking straight at you; MaxStudio, you were pretty terrible too). The clothes aren't worse than anywhere else; just 2 seconds out of season. 4) I scored a really unique $300 dress for $70!P.S. If you've never shopped here before, the sizing is a little strange. 0 = XS, 1 = S, 2 = M, 3 = L, 4 = XL.
5	I have to say some of the nicest sales persons here!  I was wandering around the outlet and wandered into here.  They aren't stuffy, nor do they scoff at your appearance as you wander in, they are very friendly and accommodating.  They will check in on you and help you grab other sizes while you are in the dressing room.  At the time they were having a killer sale on full suits, and the build quality was pretty good, and considering that the price was dirt cheap, plus I liked how all the jackets had a satin material lining inside of the coat.  Additionally for men, you might want to note that you might have a harder time finding your size if you have broader shoulders, I did...  But my g/f found a really nice dress that was $300.00 and got it for about 75...  Plus the one she initially tried on had a little tear, but the saleswoman went in back and found another dress in the correct size, and went and steamed and pressed it while we waited!  As Gloria L. mentioned the womans sizes are a little odd, so you'll definitely want to try it on.  Also while I was in the dressing room, the woman that was helping me actually, went and got me and my g/f complementary drinks.  My g/f wanted just water, and the sales clerk recommended I give on of their drinks a try!  I was a bit confused at first, but then she came back with a blue sapphire martini, which I must say was really well done, nice dryness with a light fruity aroma but not to sweet.  I've honestly never drank (booze in particular) while trying on clothes before, so that was a new and interesting multitasking experience, I think you can only experience something like this in Vegas.  Especially considering you are in the dressing room of the only Ted Baker outlet shop in the USA.  Ill be back.
5	The clothes are expensive but in my opinion, it is worth it. Put something on and you will see. Everything looks nice and even though the tag says 100% cotton, it feels like silk.I picked up a new suit and a french cuff shirt for about $420. It is not bad for what you are getting.It can be difficult to get your size. This is an outlet which is why stock is very limited.They have a nicest sales people ever but they can get distracted when the place gets busy. But they are super helpful if you need anything and they offered me and my gf martinis and free stuff while we were there.
5	LOVE the store!  I bought 3 pairs of shoes for 80 each.  All three are ankle boots.  Cannot be more comfortable and stylish.  They also have a pair of killer tall boots for 80.  But I had to stop or I would buy the whole store.  Definitely for those who are into European styles.
5	Not only am I addicted to the T.B store (in Costa Mesa & Bevery Hills in Cali), I was in heaven last week at their outlet.  I ended up stopping by 2x (once with the BF and once w/o).  Spent WAY too much money but I loved every moment.  Wish I could come back for more and more but the 4 hr drive is dreadful.
4	The staff could use a morale booster, but the prices and selection are hard to argue with.  One of my favorite designers at ~1/3 the retail price.
4	Wow.Wow.Triple wow.My favorite designer at amazing prices? Yes please.My only question - Why aren't you closer to me??Beautiful $800 suits for $350. $200 shirts for $80. The quality of the material and products at this store is unmatched by most retailers these days. On top of that, the staff is on point. Not too pushy - allowed my wife and I to discuss colors and preferences without interruption. They were however, right there when I needed a size or advice about fit.Their apparel is fabulous and at outlet pricing it's a sin not to stop in here and treat yourself.. or indulge yourself if you shop like I do! =)
4	Customers service is great and staff are very helpful.
3	Selection, more than anything, was the main draw at this medium-sized store. Ted Baker can be relatively hard to find, so was great to browse everything together. Plenty of pretty dresses in Ted Baker's punchy style. Good selection of clutches and accessories as well.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE TED BAKER! Well, let me tell how I feel about Ted Baker: I LOVE IT! I came shopping here for a conference I had to go to (the same one that sent me to BR) and I actually had TONS of success here. First of all, the salespeople were AWESOME! Every Ted Baker I've gone to has been exceptional, and this one is no different. Sometimes outlets let the standard fall, but not this one! I came in, tried on some stuff and the fitting room girl was awesome about getting me sizes. They even steamed my dress for me while I made a Starbucks run since I knew that I wasn't going to see this dress again until I wore it at my conference. Also, this dress had crazy pleating on it and Ted Baker put a raw seam through it to keep it in place until I wore it. Gotta love that attention to detail! Thank Ted Baker, I'll be back soon!
3	If you have Ben and Thomas in your closet, you gotta have Ted!Love this store! Just the fact that discounted compared to a "regular" Ted Baker store. I'd give it a four star if they have men's watches.They don't carry men's watches because they always sell out at the regular store. Boo!
5	...and $345 later I now own a silver suit that retailed for $995.
4	I love Ted Baker. His designs are original and have a special look. I just wish the prices were a tad bit lower. I found a really nice shirt for my hubby. Tried on the last sale dress in pink but it did not fit the way I wanted it to. And if I'm going to spend $100 or more on a dress it better look fabulous. So I settled for a makeup case and pretty pink lunch bag. The only outlet closest to us. Wish we could visit more often.
5	This truly is a REAL outlet store. Not a store which says outlet, but has merchandise made for just the outlet.Its not a huge store, but the shirts I saw on the rack were actually from the retail store.  A shirt I got Stephen for $165 was marked down to $75, and in pristine condition.  They even have the "final clearance" rack for an additional 50% off, so you can get a shirt as low as $35. Unfortuantely they were slim pickings.Ted Baker clothes run slim and they have their own clothing "conversion" chart.  My Stephen is normally a Medium for places like Banana Republic, but a "Medium" at TB is a 4, slightly snug for him.  A 5 fits perfect, and a had a nice fitted look.We walked out of this Ted outlet with 3 short sleeve shirts, 1 long sleeves and I found a VIP Outlet coupon book for 20% off, so 1 of the shirts was "free".Ca-ching!
4	I love Ted Baker clothes and this time around I was able to find a dress and a shirt. The dress is actually too big but I'd rather go too big than too small. I love all their styles and the salesperson explained to me that everything there was marked down because the clothing could not be sold at other retailers such as Bloomingdales. She was SO helpful and friendly. It was hard not to like her.
4	My receipt has this address at  Las Vegas Outlet @ 785 Grand Central Parkway, Suite #2149, so call 'em at 702-385-090 if you need confirmation and directions, as the store I visited was at the outdoor NORTH Las Vegas Outlets, which is the best outlet center of all in the area (better than the State Line @ Primm and better than the indoor one in SOUTH Las Vegas).This store is excellent, it's hard to find a Ted Baker outlet store.Sure, the shirts are still expensive in the $100 range even after discountsWhat you're buying is a higher end designer with unique aesthetic flair and style.  It's fashion which can make you stand out.Of course it's not the clothes who make the man... but if you want to be more extraordinary than ordinary, and tire of everyone wearing the Robert Graham shirts and other stylings, Ted Baker is a designer I'd recommend checking out.The sizes are sometimes European by numbering, so you can ask a sales person for help, and ultimately it's also very European in design in that the clothes are for those who are generally tall, slender and fit, more petite than portly.  So, try on the clothes before you buy 'em.
5	The costumer service here is phenomenal. I asked one of there employees, Gabi, to help me find my size. She initially went to the backroom and found that my size wasn't available. She noticed that I really like the pair of pants so she went above and beyond and checked the orders that just arrive.. Hold and behold, my size was thereGabi was pleasant and nice to me the whole time. She made my day
