3	upon walking in on a saturday evening, my party and i were told that there was dress code policy.  no jeans!!!  but b/c we were there so early for dinner, the manager/owner (?) allowed us to dine there.  i noticed she purposely placed in a corner where we would not be seen and away from the stage area.  since its a cuban restaurant, we had to start off with some crisp sugary mojitos, that were small and damn expensive???  our appetizers, consisted of Yucca Frita (pan fried yucca...a potato relative) and Bacalao (fried shredded salt codfish chunks the size of small cookies).  for entrees, we had masitas de puerco (crisp garlic chunks pork meat),  and a tilapia grilled in a creamy buttery garlic sauce.  i ordered the lechon asado (slow tender roasted pork marinated inspices and citrus juice).  overall, the food here is pretty good, but a bit small and overpriced.  i think the service was a bit pushy to.  i couldnt stand how often they kept asking if we were done with our plates.  it wasnt busy!  were they trying to kick us b/c of the dress code?  the bar lounge area had the island feel with a faint blue glow around it.  the place was a bit cold, so our food cooled down a bit too fast.  i also noticed that they did not offer tap water and assumed that we wanted bottle water.  the place does have a lot of promise.  aside from the weird/bad service, i will come back.  this place has live music (Darias and his Orchestra (The Bongo King)), and possibly salsa lessons on friday and saturday, where i would love to take my lovely and favorite dining companion?  teri c., how about a date???
2	We were greeted at the door by the owner/hostess who told us her mother was the chef.  We order water and were surprised to have bottleed water served. I was hesitant to order fish because the restaurant was virtually empty at 7:15PM on this Friady night so I opted for the masitas de Puerco that owner recommended.   The only problem was the kitchen was pork free this evening. My next order was pollo asada al ajillo - chicken seasoned and marinated in garlic.  It turned out to be a grilled leg quarter, but I could not discern any garlic or other seasonings.  My wife's pechuga de pollo a la plancha - grilled chicken breast topped with grilled onions was another yawner. Our entrees included rice and fried plantains. We concluded the meal with a very dense flan that was more than decent.  On our bill was a charge for for bottled water that we never requested, but I have since learned this is SOP for this restaurant.
1	This restaurant is a joke. The food is mediocre at best and the service is severely lacking. No friendliness or promptness here, that's why it's usually empty of customers.Pork dishes often come out lukewarm and untasty. Very bland. Deserts seem unethnic and store-purchased. Servers are very short and unassuming.Overall, a big disappointment for me with a big price tag attached--that's right, it's pricey, especially for the service and the food that you get.I don't recommend this one, it's a disappointment all around. All of my Cuban friends also said that this is as unauthentic as you get with Cuban food and to stay away...I wish I heard this advice before I spent my money here.
