5	How many times did you hear Starbuck staff say "Good morning" in one visit.  I heard 7 times here even it was afternoon. LOL! I guess they have a long day already. The coffee is no different than any other Starbucks locations, but the staff is the nicest so far.
5	Yelping the staff at the Laveen Starbucks!This is the nicest group of people. The store manager Sue is amazing. She completely ensures good service and a great drink everytime. This  is one of my favorite hangouts.Thanks for making my day everyday!
5	Again Perfect Service from Sue and the staff. My drink is always amazing. I always recieve a friendly smile from the staff.Thanks Starbucks for making my mornings GREAT!
5	yeah, yeah, yeah.  i know.i love non-chain coffee houses, believe me.however, with this one very convenient, it can be hard to resist when the quenching for coffee - to satisfy my thirst - begins.one hot end of spring late afternoon, my niece and i ventured to the safeway to grab some beer for my brother, and a couple of fraps for us - including dad!every visit results in great customer service - and this visit proved such.i immediately ordered my mocha-frap only to come to realize this drink will not be served at this time.why?something to do with the machine not functioning correctly, but if i truly wanted one it would be made.  the barrista noted the flavor is lacking the true essence of this drink. i appreciated her honesty, which was better than if i had ordered and she didn't say anything only to find myself bitter (like the beverage) and never to return.  see what customer service does...with this being said, i thanked her and proceeded to leave to find another place that is able to make my drink... but, here is the kicker - she gave me a free beverage card. she felt bad that she was going to turn me away, and didn't want me to be upset.. or maybe, she saw my face jump into coffee despair.  :)good job!
3	Place is great but this woman serving me is weird, she is loud and obnoxious. I wonder what she is on. 12.06 pm sept 20
4	Good service and everyone is friendly. Even though they were busy, I get my coffee in a timely manner and they always are polite and wish me a pleasant day.
1	Waaaaay too flippin slow! I walked out. I wanna grab coffee and go, not stand in a line with two people In front of me for 4 minutes.
5	Just left starbucks had my drink made just right by a girl named dominique she was so polite and she even gave my kids whipped cream and carmel sauce I will go there and get my drinks as long as she is there she's awesome
2	Went to my fav starbucks there are only 2 people that make my drink just right. Today unfortunately natalie was there when she is there my drink never gets made right she tells the people how to make it even though they already know and she also is very rude so today I'm upset cause my drink doesn't taste the same :(
