5	I don't often get over to this side of town, but I was referred to this place by a friend who owns another restaurant nearby. I went in and met with the owner who was really cool - it seems to be a family-run business - I think his parents are cooking the food. It was their grand opening (according to a hand drawn sign outside), but they could have been open for years the way the place was set up. It's clear they have run restaurants before or worked in the industry at least.This place has a large dining area and it's a lot nicer inside than the outside would have you believe. The place is clean and smells good too. What's even better is that this place delivers... from 27th to 75th ave and from Buckeye to Bethany. I ordered the General Tso's Chicken with rice, some egg rolls and some wontons. It's always good to gauge a new restaurant by standard staples of the cuisine (that's why my first orders at pizza places are pepperoni etc.). First off - don't let the low prices fool you - the food is DAMN GOOD. Both me and my girlfriend devoured the egg rolls and wontons immediately and wished we had more. We both decided the chicken was on our list for being among the best we've had. I mean, for Chinese fast food that will deliver to your house, this is about as good as you can expect. It's clear they care about quality and speed and they seem really excited to be opening their own business. I really hope this place does well. Check them out!
5	If you are in the area, craving some Chinese food, stop here.  That's it, this is by far some of the best Chinese food I have had in Arizona.  If that does not get you motivated wait till you see the prices....The lunch specials are priced at $4.55 for a combo plate and $5.55 for the shrimp combo plates. With 20 different combos I am sure you will find something you like.  A soda will set you back $1.25 or go for 1 can of soda for .85 cents.  Hot tea and water was my choice.The Restaurant just opened last month so it still needs some work....Some empty fish tanks, needs some ceiling pieces replaced, but it really is a great place for authentic fast food Chinese.  I wish this place was closer to my home since they offer delivery. Yes you have to spend over $12.00 for delivery, but that would be easy for dinner or an office ordering lunch.If you are craving dinner and are on a budget you can still eat here.  Not one plate on the menu is over $8.00!  I think I ordered enough to feed a family 2 nights in a row, plus lunch for work and for about $30. OK so if price does not entice you the fresh food and delicious entrees will.  We ordered several different dishes and I cannot complain about any of them.  We loved the lo mein, beef egg foo young, Mongolian beef, fried rice, and cashew shrimp.  They gave us plenty of crab puffs for free as well plus a large container of white rice.  I generally am not a fan of the crab puffs, but the cream cheese was fresh and the fried puff seemed to be light and crispy.  If you are on a diet or really watching your calorie intake they even have lo cal entrees on the menu, not the norm at a Chinese Restaurant.  Chicken, shrimp, or a vegetable plate for you serious calorie number watchers.My family and I all loved the food here.  I hope you will give them an opportunity to earn your business.  The price for food is excellent and what shocked me more is the food is excellent.  Based on Max's review I gave it a shot and now my whole family is thanking me for a new found place to eat.  Thanks Max A.
5	I'm so glad that I found this place using yelp mobile.  I happen to be in a part of town that I am not normally in.   I looked at the reviews for it, but there weren't very many.  But I decided to take a risk.  When I drove up, I was a little scared.  It's not a fancy place by any means.   My husband and I go to the counter to order.  It's one of those places where you order your food first then sit.  We chose the lo mein, cashew shrimp,  Mongolian beef, fried rice and beef egg foo young.  We got free cheese crab won ton for spending over $20.  I was nervous to try this food.  You never know what you are going to get!  Well, it was soooooo good!  I finally found a great Chinese restaurant on the way home from work.  The egg foo young is a must and so is the lo mein.  I would order the cream cheese won tons again as well as the Mongolian beef.  I can't say anything good or bad about the shrimp.  Wouldn't order it again.  But I am very excited about which other items I might love.I will be back!
2	After reading the reviews I thought I was onto something but my visit proved otherwise. I had a combo plate and ordered a side of Lo mein and it was all very unremarkable. All the food had a similar flavor that wasn't pleasant, burned oil maybe??? I was brought a cup of soup to start that was on the border of being cool, not cold but not warm either which made me wonder if it had been sitting from the night before as I was the first customer for lunch.Did not walk out of this place having enjoyed my meal and actually said "yuck" when I got in the car. I thought the prices looked good until the bill came and a combo meal, ice tea and side of lo mein cost $20.My search for decent Chinese food in the valley of the sun continues...
5	This is the best tasting chinese food I have ever eaten in Phoenix.   We live near this restaurant and the other night the family and I out and about and were looking for some Chinese food.  I had noticed this place recently and decided I'd like to give it a try.  We were a little hesitant at first because this isn't the best neighborhood and the restaurant doesn't have the best curb appeal.  Upon entering we found that the inside looks much nice/cleaner than the outside.  The dining room is very welcoming and the staff are very friendly.  It even smells clean!  As we sat down and were preparing to order the waitress was chatting with my 7 year old daughter.  The waitress leaves and when she comes back she brings my daughter some egg rolls to munch on while we are thinking about our order.  I though this was awesome.  I ordered the Terriyaki Chicken (See Picture) and my wife ordered the Vegetable Chicken.  The terriaki chicken was AWESOME!, the texture was great, it had a crispy outter crust and perfectly cooked inside.  The presentation was great and visually appealling.  The terryiaki sauce was also excellent.  The egg rolls were great and tasted similar to Ling and Louies @ wild horse pass casino.  The rice was seasoned to perfection and included vegetables like carrots and peas.  The portions were large and were enough for 2 meals.  We definately needed a to go box.  Our meal came out to $17.00.  This place ROCKS!  I will definately be recommending it to my friends and family.  We will be back soon.  Probably this week!  Lol.  P.S.  On a side note a visit to the restroom resulted in a SUPER clean restroom which smelled of fresh cleaning products.
5	Great food! Fast service. Love how they give you some soup as an appetizer for free. Yummyy C:
5	I took my employees here for a Christmas lunch. We were a little leery when we pulled up. The place doesn't look like much from the outside and there weren't any other customers in the dining room. That being said, everyone thoroughly enjoyed the food, and most of us have been back several times since. On each of my visits I've been treated to complimentary cream cheese rangoons, and I haven't been disappointed in a dish yet. I can highly recommend the orange chicken, kung pao chicken, twice cooked pork, and vegetable delight. My kids are big fans of the fried rice, and I'm partial to the lo mein. I really hope word spreads about this place. I want to continue enjoying their food for years to come.
